Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. We are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and the company is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Our businesses host, collect, use, transmit, and store personal and business information, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses in connection with our business. We are also subject to various federal, state, and international laws, rules, and regulations relating to the collection, use, transmission, and security of personal and business information. We have implemented policies to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are in the process of upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures; however, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants, or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges, the demand for our services may diminish. Our commitment to service excellence lies at the core of our relationship with each of our clients, whether a small, midsized, or large organization in one or multiple countries. Our strategic pillars are to grow a complete suite of cloud-based HCM solutions, invest to grow and scale our HR business process outsourcing solutions by leveraging our platforms and processes, and leverage our global presence to offer clients HCM solutions where they do business. We believe our success in human capital management requires deep expertise and outstanding service to help our clients not just manage their employees but build better workforces. The increase in our total expenses was due to additional investments in product innovation and expenses directly related to the increase in new business bookings. Systems development and programming costs increased due to increased investment and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products, partially offset by a higher proportion of capitalized costs of our strategic projects.