Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. To manage domestic and international growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures, and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. We may not be able to successfully implement these improvements efficiently or timely, and we may discover deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively, which includes increasing the productivity of our existing employees and continuing to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, requiring significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements or marketable new products. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing, and sales in order to respond to competition. We expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants, which could result in increased pricing pressure and reduced profit margins. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue rapidly growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. Our development model focuses on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We derive revenue primarily from sales of our switching products which incorporate our EOS software. Our cumulative number of customers has grown rapidly, and we expect our business and results of operations will depend on our ability to sell additional products to our growing base of customers. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers.