The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company is dependent on the acceptance of new product introductions for continued revenue growth. The company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company encounters competition in its markets and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. There has been a trend on the part of OEM customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one-to-three-year period. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing success factors such as developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts and estimates that products introduced in the last two years accounted for approximately 25% of net sales in 2015. The company’s sales growth was driven by increases in the automotive, mobile devices, industrial, and information technology and data communications equipment markets, with contributions from both organic growth and the company's acquisition program. The company’s ability to invest in its business and make strategic acquisitions requires access to the capital markets, and if general economic and capital market conditions deteriorate significantly, it could impact the company's ability to access the capital markets. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The company has implemented preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate these threats, including continuous monitoring of its information technology systems and networks and maintenance of backup systems. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions, and changes in general economic conditions and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments.