We rely on our own internal information technology, or IT, systems and on third parties to provide corporate infrastructure services necessary for the operation of our business. We depend on various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems and personnel, and outsourced services. The ability of these third-party vendors to successfully provide reliable, high-quality services is subject to technical and operational uncertainties that are beyond our control. Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and protect our customers', suppliers' and employees' confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information. We are also dependent on a number of third-party "cloud-based" and other service providers of critical corporate infrastructure services relating to, among other things, human resources, electronic communication services and certain finance functions, and we are, of necessity, dependent on the security systems of these providers. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties of our facilities, our information systems or the systems of our cloud-based or other service providers, or the existence of computer viruses or malware in our or their data or software could expose us to a risk of information loss and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, including information relating to our customers and the personal information of our employees. Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, customer mix, commodity prices, non-product revenue, acquisitions we may make and level of capacity utilization. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, with proprietary products and products sold into a number of our target markets that typically provide higher gross margin than other products. A shift in sales mix away from our higher margin products could adversely affect our future gross margin percentages. Our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. The actions of our competitors, particularly in the area of pricing, can have a substantial adverse impact on our revenues. Our business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," to develop semiconductors for use in our customers' products. These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to incur significant design and development expenditures and to dedicate scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. We may not win the competitive selection process and may never generate any revenue despite incurring such expenditures. We are making substantial capital investments in our wireless product manufacturing facilities to increase our capacity; however, this may be insufficient to meet demand. We are continuing to add manufacturing capacity at our Fort Collins facility to support anticipated growth in sales of our proprietary products, particularly for our wireless communications segment, and to leverage our fixed costs. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The successful integration of the Broadcom business is likely to require significant management attention both before and after the completion of the Broadcom transaction, and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. We rely on various IT systems and third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, and any failure of these systems could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.