The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide variety of financial payment products, including charge, credit, and debit card networks and issuers, as well as evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems, and products. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We rely on third-party service providers for services integral to our operations, including the timely transmission of accurate information across our global network. If a service provider fails to provide the data quality, communications capacity, or services we require, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers. We have invested significant resources to continue to modify and strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate vulnerabilities of our information systems, and develop new technology to mitigate security risks. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, or cyber-attacks. We have implemented an information security framework designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. Our credit risk management process involves sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that analyze portfolio performance and reflect our judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve. We seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in our processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. Our enterprise data governance framework defines governance and data standards for data used in regulatory reporting, risk management, and other critical systems, including big data capabilities. As the payments industry continues to evolve, we face increasing competition from non-traditional players that leverage new technologies and customers' existing accounts and relationships to create payment or other fee-based solutions. Our success will depend in part on our ability to innovate by offering new payment services products, develop new technologies, and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. We must continue to invest in business process and technology advances across all areas of our business, including transaction processing, data management and analysis, customer interactions, and alternative payment mechanisms. Our ability to differentiate ourselves from competitors, drive value for customers, and effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments, fee-based services, and emerging technologies is critical. The integration of new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. Our information security risk management committee provides oversight and governance for our information security risk management program, establishing cyber risk tolerances and managing cyber crisis preparedness. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls, overseeing preventive, responsive, and mitigation efforts.