Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, technological changes, price and other competitive factors. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Operational challenges impacting the production system could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, negatively impacting our revenues and operating margins. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs and optimizing how we manage inventory. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, highly-skilled labor, and stringent regulatory requirements. We rely on other companies, including subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight to address these threats. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, cyber-attacks could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. We are subject to various federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. Unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business. We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to those regulations could increase our costs. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. The commercial jet airplane market remains extremely competitive, and major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or overall acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality.