In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to our own businesses. Our businesses and results of operations are affected by the financial markets and general economic, market, political and social conditions in the U.S. and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and under-employment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets and currencies, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, political risks, the sustainability of economic growth in the U.S., Europe, China and Japan, and economic, market, political and social conditions in several larger emerging market countries. Our liquidity risk management objective is to meet all contractual and contingent financial obligations at all times, including during periods of stress. We analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under expected and stressed conditions, maintain excess liquidity and access to diverse funding sources, including our stable deposit base, and seek to align liquidity-related incentives and risks. We manage our liquidity position through line of business and asset-liability management activities, as well as through our legal entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current basis under both expected and stressed conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding and liquidity risk management within corporate treasury enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timely responses to liquidity events. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for losses. Our operational and security systems, infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Our businesses are highly dependent on the security and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of third parties with whom we interact. Cyber security risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. We have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact. Our operational risk exposures could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. We utilize various risk mitigating techniques as discussed in more detail in trading risk management. We employ a risk management process, referred to as identify, measure, monitor and control, as part of our daily activities. Proper risk identification focuses on recognizing and understanding all key risks inherent in our business activities or key risks that may arise from external factors. Our risk framework is the foundation for comprehensive management of the risks facing the corporation.