We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. These events may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. Our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. Our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. Our restructuring initiatives result in charges and expenses that impact our operating results. We cannot guarantee that the activities under the restructuring plan or other restructuring and optimization initiatives that we may undertake in the future will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings.