Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and the value of investments. Operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. In addition, our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks. Breaches of our network security systems could involve attacks that are intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Furthermore, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where many of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our business model derives revenue primarily from third-party assets under management. Blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet-intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. We require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives. The majority economic ownership interests of the Blackstone funds are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, and appropriated partners' capital in the consolidated financial statements. The consolidation of these Blackstone funds has no net effect on the partnership's net income or partners' capital. We may need to incur debt to finance payments under the tax receivable agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the tax receivable agreements as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. We depend on our founder and other key senior managing directors, and the loss of their services would have a material adverse effect on our business, results, and financial condition. Our success will depend on the continued service of these individuals, who are not obligated to remain employed with us. The loss of the services of any of them could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, net income, and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future.