The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions and economic conditions in the industries we serve. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may in the future also lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers. Reduced capital expenditures by our customers are likely to lead to a decrease in the demand for our products and may also result in a decrease in demand for aftermarket parts as customers are likely to extend preventative maintenance schedules and delay major overhauls when possible. We are focusing on developmental activities in the area of data analytics in an effort to enhance customer productivity. We believe that should we be successful in developing an automated analytics and diagnostics solution that can be utilized across our product line, this will result in a competitive advantage for our company. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, are critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks, and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions. We are also in the process of implementing new enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems in many of our businesses to increase efficiency and harmonize our operations. There can be no assurance that these ERP systems, these initiatives, or others will continue to be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings, or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. If our new ERP systems are not implemented successfully, it could have an adverse effect on our operations and competitive position. We are also subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. Our facilities, operations, and products are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations globally, including laws and regulations governing emissions to noise, air, discharges to water, and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste materials.