Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to the evolving IT capabilities that encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The ability to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements is critical, as failure to do so could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. The challenges of advanced node design and the introduction of new technologies necessitate that we develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our business serves customers driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits, and devices that are smaller, use less power, and provide more functionality. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships to maintain and improve our competitive position. The market must also accept our new and improved products, and our hardware platforms must be enhanced periodically to reduce the likelihood that a competitor surpasses the capabilities we offer. The adoption of cloud computing technologies and new business models could significantly impact our revenue, and if we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development for new and existing products, technologies, and services in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix is impacted primarily by the delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. The competitive pressures we face may require us to change our pricing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We depend on our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production could result in product delivery problems and delays, impacting our operational efficiency. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations. We must also be able to support a range of changing computer software, hardware platforms, and customer preferences. Our installed customer base has traditionally generated additional new license, service, and maintenance revenues, and customer consolidation can reduce the total level of purchases of our software, hardware, IP, and services. The risks associated with our international operations could adversely impact our financial condition, and we must comply with regulations in shipping our products and transferring our technology outside the United States. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings and changes in tax laws. The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to successfully compete, which could seriously harm our business, operating results, or financial condition.