We rely extensively on information technology systems ("IT systems"), including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to: communicating within the company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers, processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll, employee and retiree benefits and payments to customers, complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements, and providing data security. Although we have network security measures in place, our IT systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers', IT systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. Furthermore, while we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if our IT systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly for any reason, including the poor performance of, failure of or cyber-attack on third-party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, cyber-security breaches, network outages, failed upgrades or other similar events and, if the disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business, as well as reputational harm and litigation, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our patent, trademark and trade dress rights against infringement and legal challenges by competitors. Significant competition in our industry could adversely affect our business. We face vigorous competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and from other large, multinational companies, some of which may have greater resources than we do. Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and abroad. New or more stringent legal or regulatory requirements, or more restrictive interpretations of existing requirements, could adversely impact our business. The successful implementation of our initiatives under the 2012 restructuring program presents significant organizational challenges and may require successful negotiations with third parties. The company seeks to capture significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories, through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which are then rolled out on a global basis. The investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. We develop investments needed to support growth through our continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. The achievement of our funding-the-growth targets depends on our ability to successfully identify and realize additional savings opportunities. The company's code of conduct and corporate governance practices help to maintain business health and strong internal controls. The company expects cash flow from operations and debt issuances will be sufficient to meet foreseeable business operating and recurring cash needs. The company believes its strong cash generation and financial position should continue to allow it broad access to global credit and capital markets.