Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1, X1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. Our cable communications segment continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. The increased availability of products and services that compete with our video services, including those that offer subscription video on demand services or the ability to download content that can be viewed on television sets, computers, smartphones and tablets, has contributed to an increased number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which intensifies audience fragmentation. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our cable communications segment offers a broad variety of video service packages that may include premium networks and pay-per-view services. We are actively deploying X1 set-top boxes throughout our footprint and have launched cloud DVR technology in substantially all of our markets. We are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. Our businesses rely on network and information systems and other technologies, which are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment, data and properties. These events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and while we obtain assurances that third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. Any security breaches could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements through our cash flows from operating activities, existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, and available borrowings under our existing credit facilities.