Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive, and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and other reforms of the financial services industry. We believe portions of Dodd-Frank and the corresponding regulations with respect to mandatory clearing and organized trading provide opportunities for our business. However, other portions of Dodd-Frank and the regulatory structure being implemented could negatively impact our business and our ability to compete effectively. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase our contract volume, which requires us to maintain and expand our product offerings, customer base, and trade execution and clearing facilities. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive, and our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability, and speed to attract and retain customers is critical. We rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our technology, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, and other security problems. We have experienced system errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platform or that resulted in erroneous reporting. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, delays in our customers' trade execution, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, and regulatory sanctions. Our clearing house operations expose us to substantial credit risk of our third-party clearing firms, and consequently, a diminishment in their financial resources could adversely affect us. We are heavily dependent on the capacity, reliability, and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. We must continue to upgrade, expand, and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and we execute our business strategy. Our goal is to design our systems to handle two times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected.