Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to certain considerations, including cash available for distribution and our financial condition, which is influenced by the anticipated future capital needs of our properties. We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, our funds generated by operations may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions. We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy, but we also rely on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions and our operating performance. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of third parties with whom we do business, as market speculation about their credit quality may exacerbate operational difficulties. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches, and if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised or our proprietary information lost or stolen. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our sustainability efforts focus on updating action plans for climate change and revamping public reporting to be more informative and responsive to common questions. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. We continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across all of our operations, enabling us to economically convert additional resources to reserves and achieve greater operating efficiencies. Our strategy is to sustainably lower our cost structure and maintain a strong balance sheet, which can provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. We participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, and we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, and maintain existing fields. Given our view of greater price volatility, we see benefit in having an inventory of value-preserving, shorter cycle time, and low cost-of-supply opportunities in our resource base. Our capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations support key exploration and development activities, and we continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets that strategically fit our development plans. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements, and we continually evolve our practices as technology improves and regulations change. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and compliance with these regulations is expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles to improve health, safety, and operational performance, and we strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy.