We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The integration of our respective operations, including information technology and financial and administrative functions, may not proceed as anticipated and could result in unanticipated costs or expenses. We are transitioning various functionality of our third-party enterprise operating system to an internally developed proprietary system, and we may experience difficulties operating our business as we work to develop and design this system. The transition of our enterprise operating system carries certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays or deficiencies, which may make our website and services unavailable. This type of interruption could prevent us from processing vehicles for our sellers and may prevent us from selling vehicles through our internet bidding platform, vb3, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We anticipate our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. As our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, domestically and internationally, we must continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for enhanced products, services, features and functionality. Any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to slow delivery times, unreliable service levels or insufficient capacity. We have recognized a $29.1 million impairment charge primarily related to capitalized software development costs, as we ceased development of a third-party enterprise operating system and decided to address our international technology needs through an internally developed proprietary solution. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions. We maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. Cyber-attacks or other cyber security incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition. We may also implement additional or enhanced information systems in the future to accommodate our growth and to provide additional capabilities and functionality. The implementation of new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increase management responsibilities and divert management attention. Any disruptions relating to our system enhancements or any problems with the implementation could materially and adversely affect our business. We are pursuing an internally developed proprietary solution in place of a previously contracted third-party system, which has led to significant impairment charges. The transition to our new internal proprietary system will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of business increases, without assurance that the volume of business will increase.