The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, or third-party service partners are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data, our data, or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Our services involve the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and possible liability. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our IT data, our customers' data, or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, or other information to gain access to our customers' data, our data, or our IT systems. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our services, damage our reputation, negatively impact our future sales, disrupt our business, and lead to legal liability. Defects or disruptions in our services could diminish demand for our services and subject us to substantial liability. Our services are complex and incorporate a variety of hardware and proprietary and third-party software, which may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm to our reputation and our business. Cloud services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. As we acquire companies, we may encounter difficulty in incorporating the acquired technologies into our services and maintaining the quality standards that are consistent with our brand and reputation. Since our customers use our services for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance problems could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers' businesses. As a result, customers could elect not to renew our services or delay or withhold payment to us. We could also lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable, or the expense and risk of litigation. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our services. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. Our business would also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. As part of our current disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, our production environment and all of our customers' data are currently replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Companies and products added through acquisition may be served through alternate facilities. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, and similar events. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income taxes resulting from changes in federal, state, or international tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results of tax examinations, settlements, or judicial decisions.