Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. In certain situations where Chevron is not the operator, the company may have limited influence and control over third parties, which may limit its ability to manage and control such risks. Consideration of greenhouse gas issues and responses to those issues through international agreements and national, regional or state legislation or regulations are integrated into the company's strategy and planning, capital investment reviews, and risk management tools and processes, where applicable. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential greenhouse gas emissions laws and regulations and the amount of additional investments in new or existing technology or facilities is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction, the company's activities in it and market conditions. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance will depend on a number of factors including, among others, the sectors covered, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required, and the company's ability to recover the costs incurred through the pricing of the company's products. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance in any given period. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves; and impairments to property, plant and equipment. Changes in estimates or assumptions or the information underlying the assumptions, such as changes in the company's business plans, general market conditions or changes in commodity prices, could affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities or expenses. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured or for which insurance recovery is significantly delayed could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The company's operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's partially or wholly owned businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. Changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability.