John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise information, exposing the company to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation. As security threats continue to evolve, the company may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in potentially high-growth and emerging markets. John Deere's global operations must comply with all applicable laws, which may include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act or other anti-corruption laws. The financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of John Deere's sales worldwide and is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. Changes in government banking, monetary and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on John Deere. Policies of the U.S. and other governments regarding banking, monetary and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on John Deere's customers and markets. John Deere's operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on John Deere's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of John Deere products. The company's investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, which would negatively affect earnings. John Deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace, and restricted access to global markets impairs its ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world.