The health care reform law and regulations are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of health care reform, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are addressing the impact of a cyber attack on our information technology systems and supporting federal law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties. The attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. We have incurred expenses to investigate and remediate this matter and expect to continue to incur expenses of this nature in the foreseeable future. Our management might have its attention diverted while trying to integrate operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures. We might experience increased competition that limits our ability to expand our business, and we might fail to capitalize on expected business opportunities, including retaining current customers. The integration process could result in a disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could harm our financial performance. We face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting health care costs and on our ability to manage future health care costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. We have dedicated material resources and incurred material expenses to implement and comply with health care reform at both the state and federal levels, and we expect to dedicate material resources and incur material expenses going forward to implement and comply with future regulations that provide guidance and clarification on significant portions of the legislation. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of health care reform, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences.