We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware, or other "cyber attacks" could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our ability to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace is critical, as failure to do so could limit our ability to grow. The success of our electronic commerce businesses relies in part on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to market our services to their customers. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions, particularly as we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase. Our strategic initiatives include improving operational effectiveness and differentiating our products and services through innovation. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or marketing of our services, or our new services and enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We may not be successful in developing, marketing, or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. The market for our electronic transaction services continues to evolve and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors to provide products and services. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition, and we have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness.