Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements can be challenging, and the firm and other financial institutions have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate and complete information. As reporting requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations has become more challenging. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to ensure that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or the firm. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize our exposure to operational risk, which includes the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our risk management framework is built around three core components: governance, processes, and people. We have established policies that require managers in our revenue-producing units and our independent control and support functions to escalate operational risk events. We have a comprehensive data collection process, including firmwide policies and procedures, for operational risk events. Our operational risk management application aggregates and organizes this information, allowing us to evaluate operational risk exposures and identify businesses, activities, or products with heightened levels of operational risk. We monitor and control risks through strong firmwide oversight and independent control and support functions across our global businesses. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties, and seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. The firmwide finance committee has oversight responsibility for liquidity risk, the size and composition of our balance sheet and capital base, and credit ratings. We have made a significant investment in technology to monitor market risk, including risk measures calculated at individual position levels, attribution of risk measures to individual risk factors of each position, and the ability to report many different views of the risk measures. Our operational systems and infrastructure are critical to our ability to conduct business effectively and efficiently. We strive to eliminate human errors through training, supervision, technology, and by redundant processes and controls. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect, or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats.