The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation and by leveraging its investments in R&D. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company's products, services, and systems may affect critical third-party operations or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers, and others. The risk of cybersecurity attacks includes attempted breaches not only of the company's products, services, and systems but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. Successful breaches could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems, and the cost and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, the company's business and operating results could be harmed. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where the company competes are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from numerous suppliers around the world, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. The company's customers include numerous governmental entities, and some agreements may be subject to periodic funding approval, which could adversely impact public sector demand for products and services. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables, and the company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its clients' financial conditions.