We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity and financial markets. Our exchanges include futures exchanges in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities exchanges and equity options exchanges in the U.S. We operate central counterparty clearing houses serving the global derivatives markets in the U.S., U.K., continental Europe, Canada, and Singapore. Following our December 2015 acquisition of Interactive Data, our suite of data products includes an expanded range of fixed income pricing and reference data, analytics, and trading service offerings. The acquisition builds on our global market data growth strategy by expanding the markets served, adding technology platforms, and increasing new data and valuation services. The combined company will offer customers efficiencies in accessing data on an integrated platform while serving the growing demand for data, analysis, valuation, and connectivity globally. Our business environment has been characterized by increasing competition among global markets for trading volumes and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' demand for speed, capacity, and reliability, which requires continuing investment in technology; and increasing competition for market data revenues. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 44% in 2015. This non-transaction revenue includes data and listings, and will continue to increase as a percent of our total revenue with the addition of Interactive Data and Trayport revenues reflected in our full year results. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties. We expect that cost reduction and cost containment pressures will continue, but we anticipate that there will be overall growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing U.S. and global regulatory demands, investor demands for transparency, greater use of fair value accounting standards, greater emphasis on risk management, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. We recognized $8 million in technology and communication expenses relating to Interactive Data and Trayport during the year ended December 31, 2015, subsequent to their acquisitions. Our data delivery services include our colocation and secured financial transaction infrastructure network, providing timely, reliable, and secure transmission of our data to customers. We formed ICE Benchmark Administration to serve as an administrator of regulated benchmarks, which charges a license fee for usage, redistribution, trading/clearing, and historical access for these benchmarks. The acquisition-related transaction and integration costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily relate to the integration costs incurred for our NYSE integration and the acquisition-related transaction costs related to our Interactive Data and Trayport acquisitions. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth.