JPMorgan Chase relies on the effectiveness and integrity of its processes, operating systems, and employees, and failures of such processes or systems could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations. The firm's businesses are dependent on its ability to process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions on a faster and more frequent basis. The firm's front- and back-office trading systems similarly rely on their access to, and on the functionality of, the operating systems maintained by third parties such as clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges, and data processing and technology companies. If the firm's financial, accounting, trading, or other data processing systems, or the operating systems of third parties on which the firm's businesses are dependent, are unable to meet these increasingly demanding standards, or if they fail or have other significant shortcomings, the firm could be materially and adversely affected. The firm is similarly dependent on its employees, and any significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates the firm's operations or systems, could materially and adversely affect the firm. Additionally, as the firm changes processes or introduces new products and services or new connectivity solutions, it may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. The interconnectivity with third parties increases the risk of operational failure, particularly where activities of customers are beyond the firm's security and control systems. Security breaches affecting the firm's customers or systems breakdowns or failures could disrupt the firm's businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation, and create significant financial and legal exposure for the firm. The firm devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly update its systems and processes designed to protect the security of the firm's computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets. However, there is no assurance that all of the firm's security measures will provide absolute security. The firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses, and significant distributed denial-of-service attacks have been experienced, which were intended to disrupt online banking services. The risks may increase as the firm continues to increase its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the firm's systems could cause serious negative consequences for the firm, including significant disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information, or damage to computers or systems, resulting in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss, loss of confidence in the firm's security measures, and significant litigation exposure. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations because there may exist or develop risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the firm's data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. The firm's products expose it to credit risk, and the credit quality of the firm's exposures can significantly impact its earnings. The firm employs stress testing and other techniques to determine the capital and liquidity necessary to protect against adverse economic or market events. However, there is always the possibility that the firm will fail to identify the proper factors or accurately estimate the impact of identified factors.