We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. We rely on third party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting our primary data center and processing various benefit-related accounting and transactional services. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. As cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business. We have an ongoing program of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. We expect to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. Our investment and restructuring costs could be higher than anticipated or our business may not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, negatively affecting our costs and financial performance. We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We believe marketing and product innovations that target fast growing population segments could drive market growth. Additionally, as more consumers are faced with a busy and on-the-go lifestyle, sales of single-serve beverages could increase, which typically have higher margins. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in the Mexican peso or the Canadian dollar. We manage a small portion of our exposure to the Canadian dollar for certain transactions utilizing derivative instruments and are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations. Our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass on price increases to them. The financial condition of our third-party bottlers could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond our control, and our business could suffer as a result. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Factors which could result in an impairment include reduced demand for our products and/or the product category, higher commodity prices, lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition, significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events, and changes in our discount rates.