Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from our current level. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. Our public markets business is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Cyber security has become a top priority for regulators around the world. If one or more cyber security events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our fund investors' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored in our computer systems and networks. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us, our vendors, or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. The management of our liquidity and capital requirements involves generating cash flow from operations and investment activities, funding capital commitments made to our funds, and developing and funding new investment strategies, investment products, and other growth initiatives. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital from our funds and our balance sheet. Greater competition, high valuations, and increased overall cost of credit may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We anticipate that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies and funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds. Our ability to generate returns on these assets and make cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be reduced to the extent that changes in market conditions cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired and financed.