Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the commodities that we handle. Changes in the business environment, such as the sharp decline in crude oil prices, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. We face competition from other pipelines and other forms of transportation, which could impair our ability to re-contract for expiring transportation capacity at favorable rates. The implementation of new regulations or changes to existing regulations affecting the energy industry could reduce production and/or demand for natural gas, crude oil, and other products, increasing our costs and having a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, including volatility in commodity prices, which might also negatively impact our customers' ability to meet their obligations to us. Our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and construct new assets. The successful integration of acquisitions will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and eliminate redundant and excess costs. We must obtain and maintain the rights to construct and operate pipelines on other owners' land, and our inability to exercise the power of eminent domain could negatively affect our business. Our acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy, and we may experience difficulties integrating new properties and businesses, which may not yield the anticipated operating advantages and cost savings. Our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets, and we regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions. The future success of our oil and gas development and production operations depends in part upon our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable. The business of developing and operating oil and gas properties involves a high degree of business and financial risk. Our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income. We engage in hedging arrangements to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil, natural gas, and NGL. The markets for instruments we use to hedge our commodity price exposure generally reflect then-prevailing conditions in the underlying commodity markets. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to pipeline integrity, which require us to develop and maintain pipeline integrity management programs. The ultimate costs of compliance with these rules are difficult to predict. We are also subject to the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and other federal and state agencies that address employee health and safety. Our operations and management require the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, including engineers, technical personnel, and other professionals. We compete with other companies in the energy industry for this skilled workforce. Our ability to service our consolidated debt will depend upon our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. We expect to declare dividends of $0.50 per share for 2016, and the actual amount of common dividends to be paid will depend on many factors, including our financial condition and results of operations, liquidity requirements, business prospects, capital requirements, legal, regulatory, and contractual constraints, tax laws, and other factors.