We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business, which includes a diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services. Our information systems & global solutions (IS&GS) business segment has been impacted by the downturn in federal agencies' information technology budgets and increased re-competition on existing contracts, coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts awarded primarily on the basis of price. Changes in our business environment require us to be agile and evolve our business models, processes, and products. We have experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses due to lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts. Our services businesses have also experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that requires less service support. We face significant competition in information technology and cybersecurity from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry, and our customers are under pressure to do more with less, which includes cutting costs and identifying more affordable solutions. To remain competitive, we must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions, and services at an affordable cost. Additionally, we are pursuing a plan to separate and combine our government information technology and technical services businesses with Leidos Holdings, Inc. in a tax-efficient reverse Morris Trust transaction, which is anticipated to unlock significant enterprise value. The transaction is expected to close in the third or fourth quarter of 2016, and until then, IS&GS will operate as a business segment. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes investing in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements and ensuring we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our strategic actions include the acquisition of businesses that expand or complement our existing portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. We also focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue investing in information technology to support our operations. Our operating performance is highly dependent upon our ability to maintain a qualified workforce with requisite skills in areas including information technology and cybersecurity. The competitive landscape for qualified technical personnel is intense, and we may face challenges in hiring and retaining personnel with the necessary skills. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions, such as our IS&GS business segment, which has faced significant declines in net sales due to key program completions and lower customer funding levels. We expect our IS&GS segment's net sales to decline in the high-single digit percentage range as compared to 2015, primarily driven by key loss contracts in an increasingly competitive environment. Our strategic management practices focus on aligning our businesses with critical national priorities and mission areas while seeking to lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by expanding into adjacent markets and growing international sales.