We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information from the threat of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission-critical systems are constantly evolving. As customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our websites serve as a sales channel for our products and also provide relevant information that impacts our in-store sales. Performance issues with these technology systems, including outages caused by cyber-attacks, could negatively affect our customers' perceptions of us as a reliable vendor. If we fail to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified personnel with the capabilities needed to implement our strategic initiatives, we could lose sales to our competitors. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling costs is subject to various external factors, including wage rates and competition for talent. We must continue to manage, preserve, and grow our public image and reputation, as any negative incident can erode trust quickly. Our ability to deliver on our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence will depend on our capacity to execute the necessary technological capabilities. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly improve and maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted. We must invest in, maintain, and make ongoing improvements to our existing management information systems that support operations such as sales, inventory replenishment, and fulfillment. Our access to capital markets relies on efficient, rational, and open capital markets and is dependent on our credit strength. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets for liquidity purposes, including investments in information technology and expansion plans. Our capital expenditures forecast includes significant investments in technology to enhance customer experience and operational efficiency.