The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in the company's systems or in non-encrypted portable media or storage devices. The company could also experience a business interruption, intentional theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise the company's system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is actively engaged in acquiring and marketing products through external alliances and has been refining its sales and marketing efforts to further address changing industry conditions. The company's operations may be adversely affected by technological advances of competitors, industry consolidation, patents granted to competitors, competitive combination products, new products of competitors, and new information from clinical trials of marketed products or post-marketing surveillance. The company is pursuing emerging product opportunities independent of therapeutic area or modality and is building its biologics capabilities. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company also reviews its pipeline to examine candidates which may provide more value through out-licensing. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by Congress and state legislatures. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect the company's results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company is subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state, and local governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. The company's activities, including research, preclinical testing, clinical trials, and manufacturing and marketing its products, are subject to extensive regulation. The company is also involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation.