Operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes, people, and systems or from external events. We may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities and support and control groups, including information technology and trade processing. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We perform the functions required to operate our different businesses either by ourselves or through agreements with third parties. We rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems, and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions. As a major participant in the global capital markets, we maintain extensive controls to reduce the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems, or processes. Nevertheless, such risk cannot be completely eliminated. We also face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities transactions. In the event of a breakdown or improper operation of our or a third party's systems or improper or unauthorized action by third parties or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity, a disruption of our businesses, regulatory sanctions, or damage to our reputation. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges, and clearing houses increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, and other services we use. Although we devote significant resources to maintaining and upgrading our systems and networks with measures such as intrusion and detection prevention systems, monitoring firewalls to safeguard critical business applications, and supervising third-party providers that have access to our systems, there is no guarantee that these measures can provide absolute security. We continue to be the subject of attempted unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, or cause other damage. These threats may derive from human error, fraud, or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, including third-party providers, or may result from accidental technological failure. If one or more of these events occur, it could result in a security impact on our systems and jeopardize our or our clients', partners', or counterparties' personal, confidential, proprietary, or other information processed and stored in our and our third-party providers' computer systems.