Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. The marketplace among mobile phone platforms is highly competitive, and we may face issues in selecting, engaging, or securing support from operators and retailers for windows phones due to inadequate sales training or incentives. The success of the windows phone platform is an important element of our goal to enhance personal productivity in a mobile-first and cloud-first world. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies, and the windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. The company’s increasing reliance on data-driven insights is becoming more important to the success of key opportunities in monetization, customer perceptions of quality, and operational efficiency. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. The security of our products and services is important in our customers' purchasing decisions, and to defend against security threats, we must maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services. Our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions, creating beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our strategic vision includes building the intelligent cloud platform and creating more personal computing, with significant investments in new products and services that may not achieve expected returns. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is crucial for developing and delivering successful products and services, and we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment and competitive compensation. The investments we are making in devices and infrastructure will increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, and we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The competitive pressures described may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives, which may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. The success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones. Our failure to realize opportunities to the extent we expect could have an adverse impact on our revenues.