Nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Nee's and fpl's business is highly dependent on their ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and cross numerous and diverse markets. The development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging. If nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. Modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including, but not limited to, integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. Any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, and could negatively impact the effectiveness of the companies' control environment, and/or the companies' ability to timely file required regulatory reports. Nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including, but not limited to, those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. The retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. If a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. They would be subject to costs associated with the breach and/or could be subject to fines and legal claims, any of which may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of nee and fpl. Nee and fpl are subject to numerous environmental laws, regulations and other standards that may result in capital expenditures, increased operating costs and various liabilities, and may require them to limit or eliminate certain operations. The operations of nee and fpl are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation. This extensive regulatory framework regulates, among other things, the operation of nuclear power facilities, construction and operation of electricity generation, transmission and distribution facilities, and natural gas and oil production. In their business planning and in the management of their operations, they must address the effects of regulation on their business and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The regulatory process also does not provide any assurance as to achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that fpl will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. The ability of nee and fpl to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. If insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, nee or fpl may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events.