We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. Any general weakening of corporate confidence in the global economy or the curtailment of government or corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology (IT) budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease, or cancel purchases of our products and services. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control, including overall demand for enterprise software, cloud offerings, hardware systems, and services. We may experience foreign currency gains and losses, and changes in currency exchange rates can adversely affect customer demand and our revenue and profitability. Our cloud strategy, including our Oracle Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and Data as a Service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We offer customers a full range of consumption models including the deployment of our products via our cloud-based SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, and DaaS offerings. Our Oracle cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; and cost-effective by requiring lower upfront customer investment. Our products and services are the building blocks of our Oracle cloud services, our partners' cloud services, and our customers' cloud IT environments. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers. Our customers are increasingly electing to run their IT environments using our suite of Oracle cloud offerings, adopting a hybrid IT model whereby certain of their IT resources are deployed and managed through the Oracle cloud, while other resources are deployed and managed on-premises. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our software and cloud and hardware products and services, including our database multitenant, database in-memory, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, DaaS, and Oracle engineered systems offerings. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving as firms emerge, expand, or are acquired, and as technology evolves. Our hardware systems business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage the associated risks. The development process for our hardware systems products is uncertain and requires a high level of innovation. We depend on suppliers to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver on a timely basis the necessary technologies and components for our hardware products. Our reliance on third parties reduces our control over the design, manufacturing, and delivery process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product supply, and delivery delays. We utilize several external manufacturers to manufacture sub-assemblies for our hardware products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished hardware products. Our business practices with respect to the collection, use, and management of personal information could give rise to liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements, or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.