We depend on information technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers; to engage in digital marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency; to comply with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information; to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the employees of our independent bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint ventures, suppliers and other third parties; and to communicate with our investors, customers and consumers. Our ability to protect our information systems against, or effectively respond to, cyberattacks or other cyber incidents is critical. We are regularly subject to cyberattacks, which are occurring more frequently and becoming more sophisticated. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, including monitoring networks and systems, upgrading our security policies and the skills and training of our employees, our business could be disrupted. Our continued success is also dependent on our product and marketing innovation, including maintaining a robust pipeline of new products; improving the quality of existing products; and the effectiveness of our product packaging and distribution, advertising campaigns and marketing programs, including our ability to successfully adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including through the use of social media and online advertising campaigns and marketing programs. We are also continuing to implement our global operating model to improve efficiency, decision making, innovation and brand management across the global organization to enable us to compete effectively. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. We are automating our processes for packaging and warehousing and enabling engineers to monitor our production systems remotely, resulting in better, faster solutions at a lower cost. Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. These indicators include growth in volume, revenue, organic revenue, operating profit, retail sales, market share, safety, innovation, product and service quality, organizational health, brand equity, media viewership and engagement, employee diversity, net commodity inflation, productivity savings, net capital spending, free cash flow and free cash flow excluding certain items. We believe that disciplined, balanced capital allocation is one of the hallmarks of a well-run business. We are focused on reinvesting in our business, continuing to pay dividends to shareholders, strengthening our market positions through acquisitions, and returning residual cash to shareholders through share repurchases. Our businesses are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as government entities and agencies outside the United States, including laws and regulations relating to the production, content, quality, safety, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, transportation and use of products.