We outsource certain services to third parties in areas including transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial execution, non-clinical research, safety services, and other areas. Service performance issues with these third parties may adversely impact the progression of our clinical trial programs. Outsourcing of services to third parties could also expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, which may result in missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, supply disruptions, non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards) or reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our results. We continue to pursue a multi-year initiative to outsource some transaction-processing activities within certain accounting processes and are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization. These are enhancements of ongoing activities to support the growth of our financial shared service capabilities and standardize our financial systems. If any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of our enterprise resource planning system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations, including, among other ways, through a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. We also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and, as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives, including, but not limited to, industrial espionage. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. The success of our acquisition of Hospira will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. Anticipated benefits and cost savings may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. The integration process may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies. The combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. As a result, we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating our business practices and operations with Allergan's business practices and operations. The integration process may be disruptive to the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, may restrict the full realization of expected benefits. The failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating the two businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined company and could adversely affect the results of operations of the combined company.