We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, collecting, transmitting, transferring, and storing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, complying with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements, providing data security, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. As cybersecurity threats rapidly evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent across the industry globally, the company is continually increasing its sensitivity and attention to these threats. We continue to assess potential threats and make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems and upgrading skills, employee training, and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. Our IT systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing, and other cyber-attacks. A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity breach or failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, hardware, processes, associated sites, or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss, significant unavailability of or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing, and operations innovation and successful responses to competitive innovation. We must also be able to successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors. Failure to do so could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our results. The company expects the delivery of long-term annual financial targets will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive peer group, with organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete. We are focused on improving execution and operating discipline in everything we do, as operating discipline and execution have always been core capabilities and competitive advantages for the company.