Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. Complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to the increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Moreover, many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems; an interruption of service from a third party for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions. If sustained or repeated, and if an alternate system, process, or vendor is not immediately available to us, such events could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process policies, provide customer service, resolve claims in a timely manner, make payments when required, or perform other necessary business functions. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our vehicle and property insurance businesses. Our ability to manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences is essential. Our reliance on third-party systems, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, and the availability of very large volumes of data, including big data, create challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack. Such an event could cause a significant disruption of our ability to conduct our insurance operations, adversely affect our competitive position if material trade secrets or other confidential information are stolen, and have severe ramifications on our reputation and brand, potentially causing customers to refrain from buying insurance from us or other businesses to refrain from doing business with us.