We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and prevent breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support, including a small number of large third-party providers for some of our administrative functions. Our systems are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. As a result, we may be unable to use information systems in one market to cover system failures in such market or another market. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy any problems and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. The unauthorized access, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. Our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, product development initiatives and designs. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees and foodservice providers as they do from us, and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience whether they visit a company-operated store, licensed store or foodservice location. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value, either through our actions or those of our business partners, could have a negative impact on our financial results. We must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Additionally, we face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our business strategy, including our plans for new stores, foodservice, branded products and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, particularly in our international markets, and third-party manufacturers, distributors and retailers. Our ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. for certain products. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of our information technology systems.