The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Increased competition may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are the key competitive factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices, and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing, and selling our products. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information, whether through a breach of our computer systems, including cyber attacks, or otherwise, could severely harm our business. As part of our business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential personal information about our customers, employees, and suppliers. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees, and other third-party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. We continue to increase our sensitivity and attention to these threats and seek additional investments and resources to address these threats and enhance the security of our facilities and systems. Our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition could be adversely affected by a variety of international factors, including general economic conditions, inflation rates, recessions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange controls, interest rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, and other external economic and political factors. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. We expect health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future. Our costs to comply with these laws and regulations may increase as these requirements become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets.