The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-K. We rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, hardware and software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to plan and track inventory flow, to manage logistics, to generate performance and financial reports and to operate our e-commerce sites. Supporting these internal and external systems requires a number of resources, including effective and qualified, and in some cases, specialized, teams. Our computer systems and the third-party systems we rely on are also subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses or malware; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates or contractors. Compromises, interruptions or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations. We must continue to hire, train, manage and retain these teams, including to support our customized and legacy systems, in an effective way. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate and maintain them effectively, to select appropriate internal teams and vendors to maintain or enhance them and to select and implement appropriate new technologies, systems, controls, hardware, software and applications and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. Failure to operate information systems and implement new technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. We have taken steps designed to further strengthen the security of our computer system since the unauthorized intrusion(s) into our network discovered late in 2006, in which we believe customer data were stolen, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer a future data compromise, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to the information that we collect, store, process or transmit, or that any such data compromise or unauthorized access will be discovered in a timely way. Advances in computer and software technology and capabilities, rapid changes in the sources, methods and targets of cyber-attacks and other developments, including the increasing sophistication of cyber criminals generally, may increase the risk of such a breach. Our ability to adjust appropriately to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain, could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of delivering the right product to the right stores at the right time. Our substantial size may add operational complexity and imposes demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, merchandising, store operations, distribution and compliance, and on appropriately staffing and training personnel in these areas as we grow. If we are unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results.