We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. Many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. As part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. Problems could arise that we have not foreseen, which could adversely impact our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. We also rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and conduct business. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, and other attempts to harm our systems. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. Our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend on how well we have integrated these businesses. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. Our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors. We may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flow. Our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business.