Our business relies heavily on information technology ("IT") systems as an important part of our internal controls in order to operate, transact and otherwise manage our business, as well as provide effective and timely reporting of our financial results. We cannot assure you that we will not discover material weaknesses within our IT controls or other aspects of our internal control over financial reporting in the future. The existence of one or more material weaknesses could result in errors in our financial statements, and substantial costs and resources may be required to rectify these or other internal control deficiencies. We rely on third-parties to provide specialized products or services for the operation of our business, and a failure or inability by such parties to provide these products or services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us to develop, maintain and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. Our suppliers often provide services outside of the U.S., which carries associated additional regulatory and legal obligations. We generally rely upon the suppliers to provide contractual assurances and accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our expectations and standards, and they may fail to do so. We are currently implementing a new customer billing system, which involves moving to a new third-party billing services vendor and platform through utilization of a phased deployment approach. The implementation may cause major system or business disruptions or we may fail to implement the new billing system in a timely or effective manner. In addition, the third-party billing services vendor may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact us and over which we may have limited control. Interruptions and/or failure of this new billing services system could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to provide or bill for our services, retain customers, attract new customers or negatively impact overall customer experience. Our reputation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by system failures, business disruptions, and unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems. We rely upon our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems. Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer services, effective marketing and selling of products and services, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates or possibly negative, leading to increased competition for customers. Our ability to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis is crucial; otherwise, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy. The development of new services in the wireless telecommunications industry will require us to anticipate and respond to the continuously changing demands of our customers, which we may not be able to do accurately or timely. If our efforts, or those of third-party service providers, to maintain the privacy and security of our customer, confidential, or sensitive information are not successful at preventing a significant data breach or cyber-attack, we could incur substantial additional costs, become subject to litigation, enforcement actions or regulatory investigation, and suffer reputational damage.