We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. In particular, our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. If these efforts are not successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results and reputation could be harmed. Our ability to further increase vehicle production will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to use new manufacturing processes as planned while maintaining our desired quality levels, our suppliers' ability to deliver sufficient volumes of quality parts to us in a timely manner, and carefully but efficiently making design and production changes to ensure consistently high quality. We have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing, upgrading, adapting, and selling our electric vehicles as well as limited experience allocating our available resources among the design and production of multiple vehicles. Our ability to achieve market acceptance of our vehicles will depend upon our ability to effectively manage our operations, including the integration of our information technology systems with our manufacturing and supply chain processes. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to achieve market acceptance of our vehicles, including model S and model X, and new vehicle models such as model 3. We expect our long-term sales outside of North America will be almost half of our worldwide automotive revenue. As compared to markets in the United States, we have relatively limited experience in international markets, and thus we may face difficulties meeting our future international expansion plans. Our strategic relationships with third parties, such as Panasonic, pose various risks to us, including potential loss of access to important technology and parts for producing, servicing, and supporting our products. The complexity in our business continues to grow as we introduce new products and variants, and we may experience significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of new vehicles. Our ability to effectively manage the residual, financing, and credit risks related to our direct Tesla leasing programs may also impact our operational flexibility and overall business performance.