We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. Our capital plan for 2016 includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $375 million for PTC. We expect our capital plan to enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and in addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. Our operating ratio improved due to core pricing gains, the impact of lower fuel prices, resource realignments, network efficiencies, and productivity gains. We must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, while trucks, barges, and maritime operators are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation that eliminates or significantly reduces the burden of the size or weight limitations currently applicable to motor carriers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue to align resources with customer demand, continue to improve network performance, and maintain our surge capability. Our ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise will drive continued margin improvement. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. Significant legislative activity in Congress or regulatory activity could expand regulation of railroad operations and prices for rail services, which could reduce capital spending on our rail network, facilities, and equipment. We transport hazardous materials that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion, and a rail accident or other incident involving the release or combustion of hazardous materials could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation in excess of our insurance coverage for these risks. We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity, and significant demand that exceeds the designed capacity of our network may lead to operational difficulties that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.