The company discloses that its “operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties … which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results,” including adverse macroeconomic conditions such as COVID-19 that “have impacted the demand for advertising and resulted in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisers spend,” as well as a “prolonged and broad-based shift to a remote working environment [that] continues to create inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges and could affect our ability to enhance, develop and support existing products and services, detect and prevent spam and problematic content, hold product sales and marketing events, and generate new sales leads.” To manage these pressures, the company states that “we continue to evaluate the pace of our investment plans, including … hiring, investments in data centers, servers, network equipment, real estate and facilities, marketing and travel spending, as well as taking certain measures to support our customers, our overall workforce, and communities we operate in,” and that “we believe the current environment is accelerating digital transformation and we remain focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses … to support long-term growth.” The filing highlights manufacturing and supply-chain vulnerabilities, noting that it “has experienced and/or may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material, component or part availability, … natural disasters or pandemics (including COVID-19), the effects of climate change … and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers,” and warns that “a significant supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions and delay product availability,” particularly where “some of the components we use … are available from only one or limited sources.” It likewise observes that it “requires our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws … but we do not control them … violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation.” The company further acknowledges that “interruption, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services,” that “some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities,” and that “the occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19), closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems … could result in lengthy interruptions in our service.” It warns that “complications with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system could harm our business and operations” and that “failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.” Cybersecurity and content integrity efforts are described as “significant investments in safety, security, and content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties,” although “we may not discover all such incidents or activity … and we may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents,” any of which “may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adversely affect our business and financial results.” Finally, the company underscores that its “business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive,” that “to compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner,” and that “we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development … in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services,” all of which speak to its ongoing efforts to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity.