We disclose that “we are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the United States or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our performance and the performance of our customers” and that “the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community’s expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community’s expectations for our future results and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.” We face “substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures,” and “rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products,” necessitating “significant investments … before commercial viability can be assured.” We acknowledge that “our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter’s revenue forecast,” as “if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins.” Because “we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed,” these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in factory loadings. We recognize that “the cyclical nature of the semiconductor market may lead to significant and often rapid increases and decreases in product demand.” Our global operations are exposed to “political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks,” and that “natural events such as severe weather, geological events or health epidemics could disrupt operations.” We identify “supply chain and manufacturing risks” including disruptions from “quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources, and utilities,” and that “limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations.” We further note that “our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations,” and that “breaches of our information technology systems could … result in a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations.” We caution that “compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and if we fail to comply … our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business could be restricted.” We acknowledge that “warranty claims, product recalls or product liability claims … could lead to significant expenses … and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and our reputation.” We recognize that “our results of operations could be adversely affected by our distributors’ promotion of competing product lines or our distributors’ financial difficulties,” and that under our consignment programs, “if a customer or distributor were to experience a loss with respect to TI-consigned inventory, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.” We note that “our debt could affect our operations and financial condition” and that “our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise would be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders.” We also disclose that “increases in health care and pension benefit costs could affect our results of operations and financial condition,” and that “our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment.” We state that “our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives” could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. Finally, we believe our “primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations,” supplemented by “cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a variable rate revolving credit facility,” and that we have “the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.”