Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include our ability to develop, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements. The process of developing new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. If we are unable to extend our core technologies into new applications and platforms and to anticipate or respond to technological trends, the market's acceptance of our products and services could decline. Any delay in the development, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue, earnings, or stock price and weakening our competitive position. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving industry standards, emerging business and distribution models, disruptive technology developments, short life cycles, customer price sensitivity, and frequent new product introductions. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and better integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer needs, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological developments. Our hosted business model typically involves selling services on a subscription basis. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their initial subscription period, and some customers elect not to renew. We cannot provide assurance that our subscriptions will be renewed at the same or higher level of service. Moreover, under certain circumstances, some of our customers have the right to cancel their service agreements prior to the expiration of the terms of their agreements. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to accurately predict future customer renewal rates. Our customers' renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our services, our ability to continue to regularly add features and functionality, the reliability of our subscription services, the prices of our services, the actual or perceived information security of our systems and services, and the prices of services offered by our competitors. If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer. We often release new offerings and employ new product and service delivery methods in connection with our diversification into new business models and markets. It is uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches, or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. If we supply inaccurate information or experience interruptions in our ability to capture, store, and supply information in near real time or at all, our reputation could be harmed, and we could lose customers.