Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. We are focused on driving product innovation, enhancing our distribution and service capabilities, and assisting our clients with their human capital management needs in the face of ever-increasing regulatory complexity. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. In order to satisfy short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations, we maintain access to various sources of liquidity, including borrowings under our commercial paper program and our committed credit facilities. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. We have programs in place to prevent, detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive measures. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. The adoption of new money transmitter statutes in various jurisdictions could require additional registration or licensing, limit certain of our business activities until they are appropriately licensed, and expose us to financial penalties. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries and individuals. Our businesses collect, host, transfer, disclose, use, store, and secure personal and business information, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, and damage our reputation. We are unable to determine the ultimate impact that health care reform will have on our business and our ability to attract and retain clients. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we are continuously reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing our policies and procedures. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $3.2 billion. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $9.25 billion available to us under the revolving credit agreements. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We are focused on our global human capital management strategy, and our results reflect the strength of our underlying business model, our success in the market, and our focus on growth.