AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions. Performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. Operating these facilities involves many risks, including information technology failure that impairs AEP's information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. Information technology failure that affects AEP's ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects AEP's reputation or exposes AEP to legal claims is a significant concern. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities and as participants in commodities trading. AEP's operations are dependent on information technology systems, and the computer systems that run these facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. A security breach could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject AEP and its regulated utility businesses to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of sensitive customer, vendor, employee, trading, or other confidential data. A successful cyber attack could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues. AEP has a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and systems. However, cyber threats continue to evolve and adapt, and there is a risk that AEP could experience a successful cyber attack despite current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts. Additionally, compliance with mandatory reliability standards may subject AEP to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. While management expects to recover costs and expenditures from customers through regulated rates, there can be no assurance that the applicable commissions will approve full recovery in a timely manner. AEP's ability to maintain relatively low cost, efficient, and reliable operations is a significant determinant of its competitiveness. Changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises. The ability to establish fair regulatory mechanisms and provide cost-effective programs and services to customers is critical. Furthermore, the different regional power markets in which AEP subsidiaries compete or will compete in the future have changing market and transmission structures, which could affect performance in these regions. AEP's transmission investment strategy and execution bear certain risks associated with these activities, and management believes AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regional transmission organizations will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure. If regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition.