Our success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. The success of our business depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. Some of our information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards. We are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge our complex integrated environment. If we do not maintain the effectiveness of our systems, our operations and reputation could be adversely affected and we could be exposed to litigation as well as to regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties. Interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm our business. We depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. Despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information. Although the minor data leakage issues we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by us or others, could delay or disrupt our ability to do business and service our customers, harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business. We continue to invest in the infrastructure of our data security programs, and we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other computer-related penetrations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates could have a material adverse effect on sales and our results of operations and financial condition. We operate in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. These factors require us to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. Failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in our technology could result in lower revenues and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. Our investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. The actions previously taken by the federal reserve, and the amounts involved, are unprecedented. As such, there exist considerable risks associated with the amount of monetary stimulus provided and its withdrawal. These risks could include heightened inflation, increased volatility of interest rates, significantly higher interest rates, and overall increased volatility in the fair value of investment securities.