The successful implementation of these initiatives has required us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity products and mutual funds, providing customer support and managing our investment portfolios. We use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and use customer, employee, and company data and information. Our systems have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. We have taken action to reduce coordination costs and take advantage of economies of scale by transitioning multiple functions and services to a small number of third-party providers. We believe that simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable growth. Our risk management framework is designed to manage liquidity at both aig parent and subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. Our liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow it to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through asset-liability management including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. The investment strategy of the life insurance companies is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset-liability management and available investment opportunities. Our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate investments. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of procedures, including pre-launch approval of product design, development and distribution; underwriting approval processes and authorities; exposure limits with ongoing monitoring; management of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; enhanced pricing models; modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels; compliance with financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; and the use of reinsurance. We are exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other equity-linked capital market instruments. Our businesses are affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market and political conditions. We strive to be our clients' most valued insurer through our unique franchise, which brings together a broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products offered through multiple distribution networks.