Our ability to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools is critical. The future success of our operations depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technology changes. We must develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. Our third-party claims administration operation is highly dependent on the continued and efficient functioning of our proprietary risk management information system to provide clients with insurance claim settlement and administration services. If we do not control our labor and technology costs, we may be unable to remain competitive in the marketplace and profitably fulfill our existing contracts. We may also be unable to develop further efficiencies in our claims-handling business and may be unable to obtain or retain certain clients if we fail to make adequate improvements in technology or operations. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, and the primary factors in determining our competitive position with other organizations in our industry are the quality of the services rendered and the overall costs to our clients. Our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may also be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based upon flat fees rather than variable commission rates. We have historically benefited from IRC section 29 tax credits, and the law permitting us to claim these tax credits expired on December 31, 2007. Our ability to generate returns and avoid write-offs in connection with our investments is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the risks associated with the operational and environmental compliance of our clean energy investments. The organization for economic cooperation and development issued reports and recommendations as part of its base erosion and profit shifting project, and in response, many countries in which we do business are expected to adopt rules that may change various aspects of the existing framework under which our tax obligations are determined. We are subject to regulation worldwide, and if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if regulations change in a way that adversely affects our operations, we may not be able to conduct our business, or we may be less profitable. Our substantial operations outside the U.S. expose us to risks different from those we face in the U.S., including maintaining awareness of and complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, as well as laws and regulations applicable to U.S. business operations abroad. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel, including our senior management, brokers, and other key personnel. The insurance brokerage industry has experienced intense competition for the services of leading brokers, and in the past, we have lost key brokers and groups of brokers, along with their client and business relationships, to competitors.