We are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer. If we are not effective in anticipating the impact on our business of changing technology, including automotive technology, our ability to successfully operate may be impaired. Additionally, we are continually enhancing our cyber and other information security in order to remain secure against emerging threats, together with increasing our ability to detect system compromise and recover should a cyber-attack or unauthorized access occur. We depend heavily on computer systems and mathematical algorithms and data to perform necessary business functions. Our strategy is to position our products and distribution systems to meet the changing needs of our customers in managing the risks they face. This includes customers who want local advice and assistance and those who are self-directed. Our strategy is to serve all four of these consumer segments with unique products and value propositions, while leveraging our claims, pricing, and operational capabilities. We utilize specific customer value propositions for each brand to improve our competitive position and performance. Over time, delivering on these customer value propositions may include investments in resources and require significant changes to our products, service, capabilities, and processes. Our sophisticated pricing methodology allows us to attract and retain customers in multiple risk segments. A combination of underwriting information, pricing, and discounts are also used to achieve a more competitive position. We are pursuing auto insurance rate increases in 2017. Our ability to purchase reinsurance required to reduce our catastrophe risk in designated areas may be dependent upon the ability to adjust rates for its cost. We are also working to promote measures to prevent and mitigate losses and make homes and communities more resilient, including enactment of stronger building codes and effective enforcement of those codes, adoption of sensible land use policies, and development of effective and affordable methods of improving the resilience of existing structures. We will continue to modernize our operating model, including enhancing our digital capabilities, to efficiently deliver our customer value propositions. Our growth initiatives for life insurance continue to focus on increasing the number of customers served through our proprietary allstate agencies. This includes positioning allstate exclusive agencies and exclusive financial specialists as trusted advisors. We are investing in new generation enrollment and administrative technology to improve our customer experience and modernize our operating model. We are also increasing allstate exclusive agency engagement to drive cross-selling of voluntary benefits products and developing opportunities for revenue growth through new product and value-added service offerings. Our investment strategy for structured settlements includes increasing performance-based investments in which we have ownership interests and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance. We expect to increase the portfolio allocation to performance-based investments over time, to better match the long-term nature of our immediate annuity liabilities and improve long-term economic results. We anticipate higher long-term returns on these investments. Our investment decisions and objectives are a function of the underlying risks and product profiles of each business. We have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security that may be other-than-temporarily impaired.