Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by information technology and other business disruptions. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems may be impacted by natural or man-made disruptions, including information technology attacks or failures, threats to physical security, armed conflict, as well as damaging weather or other acts of nature, pandemics, or other public health crises. A shutdown of, or inability to utilize, one or more of our facilities, our supply chain, our distribution system, or our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems, could significantly disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, damage customer relationships and our reputation, result in lost sales, result in the misappropriation or corruption of data, or result in legal exposure and large repair and replacement expenses. Our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, and our ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon a number of factors, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the financial, technological, and management processes, procedures, and controls of the acquired businesses with those of our existing operations. We have completed 22 acquisitions since the beginning of 2012, and we plan to continue making strategic acquisitions to enhance our global market position and broaden our product offerings. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives, which are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, necessary in the company's highly competitive industry. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the U.S. Actions to enforce our rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. The company is committed to, and has consistently invested in, research, development, and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products. Research, development, and engineering costs before customer reimbursement were $200.8 million in 2016. The company has established record cash flow provided by operating activities that totaled $756.8 million for 2016, an increase from previous years, and this reflects our commitment to operational excellence. The company’s strategic initiatives under its four key strategies: operational excellence, strategic acquisitions, global and market expansion, and new products, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company’s operations are affected by global, regional, and industry economic factors, and its strategic geographic and industry diversification has helped to manage risks associated with market dynamics. The company has a strong emphasis on investment in research, development, and engineering, which is crucial for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency.