As part of our normal business activities, we rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including through cyber attack and data theft), usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced colocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. Our business is subject to government and tax regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as those described in the preceding risk factor. We anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow. Our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including changes to existing laws or new laws or methodologies impacting our existing and anticipated international operations. Our leverage and debt service obligations could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.