The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and if it fails to or is significantly delayed in introducing new product line concepts or if the company's new products are not met with market acceptance, its business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, and there can be no assurance that additional competitors will not enter the company's existing markets, nor can there be any assurance that the company will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competition. The company’s strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company has focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s results may be negatively affected by changing interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and geopolitical conditions. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially lead to litigation. Global cybersecurity threats could lead to unauthorized access to the company's information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers, and third-party service providers. Despite the company's implementation of preventative security measures, its infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from cybersecurity incidents, security breaches, computer viruses, outages, systems failures, natural disasters, or catastrophic events. The company utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating, and forecasting its financial performance, which may be helpful to investors in assessing the company's overall financial performance, trends, and year-over-year comparative results. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness.