Our acquisition of BRCM and the integration of its business, operations, and employees with our own will involve risks, and the failure to integrate successfully or realize the anticipated benefits could adversely affect our financial results and the value of our ordinary shares. The challenges and risks involved in this integration include consolidating and integrating information technology, corporate, finance, and administrative infrastructures. We depend on various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems, and personnel, and outsourced services. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, and level of capacity utilization and commodity prices. The integration of acquired businesses may not be successful, and the integration of an acquired business involves significant challenges, including minimizing the disruption of our business and diversion of management's attention from daily operations, incurring significant restructuring charges, and implementing our management information systems, operating systems, and internal controls over, and integrating the personnel of, the acquired operations. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of, and investment in, businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies, augment our market coverage, or enhance our technological capabilities. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, or to consummate any such transactions. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, and to refinance our debt, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. We may also pursue acquisitions, dispositions, investments, and joint ventures, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The successful integration of the BRCM business will require significant management attention and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. The majority of our sales come from a small number of customers, and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. Our manufacturing processes rely on many materials, including silicon, gallium arsenide, and indium phosphide wafers, and we purchase a significant portion of our semiconductor materials and finished goods from a few materials providers. We also depend on our third-party contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes, including, in the case of wafer fabrication, transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. If these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or deliver products to our customers, which could result in loss of revenue opportunities and damage our relationships with our customers. Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our IT capabilities, which have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships.