We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. The success of our evidence.com software as a service ("saas") delivery model is materially dependent on acceptance of this business model by our law enforcement customers. The hosted service delivery business model is not presently widely adopted by our law enforcement customer base. As such, the sales cycle has additional complexity with the need to educate our customers and address issues regarding agency bandwidth requirements, data retention policies, data security and chain of evidence custody. Delays in successfully securing widespread adoption of evidence.com services could adversely affect our revenues, profitability and financial condition. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Our increasing focus on our saas platform also presents new and complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our cew, axon and saas technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products which could adversely affect our revenue. Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers' proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. We devote significant resources to engineer secure products and ensure security vulnerabilities are mitigated. Despite these efforts, security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, and malfeasance or otherwise. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. Most of our end-user customers are subject to budgetary and political constraints that may delay or prevent sales. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow and operating results. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. We may consider additional acquisitions or joint ventures as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we don't realize a satisfactory return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty in the integration or coordination of new employees, business systems, and technology. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain our key management, sales and technical personnel. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified technical personnel. The competition for our key employees is intense. The loss of the service of one or more of our key personnel could harm our business. We have been or could in the future be involved in numerous other litigation matters relating to our products, contracts and business relationships, including litigation against persons who we believe have infringed on our intellectual property, infringement litigation filed against the company, litigation against a competitor and litigation filed by a former distributor against the company.