Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. We compete with charge, credit, and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions, bank transfer models, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment and financing providers. We believe Visa and Mastercard are larger than we are in most countries, which may allow them to benefit from their dominant position, scale, resources, marketing, and pricing. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, requiring us to continue investing across all areas of our business, including transaction processing, data management and analytics, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms, and risk management and compliance systems. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. The process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends could significantly impede our ability to compete effectively. We rely on third-party providers of various computer systems, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could harm our business. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over third-party service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions, or economic and reputational harm to us. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers may experience service disruptions or degradation due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information security incidents, malicious social engineering, fraudulent or other malicious activities, and human error or malfeasance cannot be eliminated entirely. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. Our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by a need for industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, the need for internal product and engineering expertise, resistance to change from card members or merchants, or the complexity of our systems. We may not be successful in our efforts to promote card usage through marketing and promotion, merchant acceptance, and card member rewards and services, or to effectively control the costs of such investments, both of which may impact our profitability.