Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological changes, and price and other competitive factors. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory certifications, could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes and defense, space & security - supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and we price our products and services to provide a fair return for our shareholders while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. Market liberalization in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia is enabling low-cost airlines to continue gaining market share. These airlines are increasing the pressure on airfares, resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. With government support, Airbus has historically invested heavily to create a family of products to compete with ours. The complexity and necessity of using non-U.S. representatives and consultants, along with compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad, further complicate our operational landscape. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors experiences delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers or incur additional costs. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of our data, information systems or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of Boeing and of our products and services.