Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. Our information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. Cyber-attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen. Likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our relationships with vendors, business partners, and customers. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration, or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. Our lack of success in preventing unauthorized access to our systems and products could also result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. While we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect the company against unauthorized access to our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent, and adaptive. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on product offerings that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers, and researchers. The development of these products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. The integration process with CareFusion may be more difficult, costly, or time-consuming than expected, and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized. The success of our acquisition of CareFusion, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our business with the business of CareFusion. The actual cost savings of the merger could be less than anticipated. Additionally, we face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical outcomes, product quality, price, services, and other factors. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. Our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness.