The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors, such as Google, Apple, Alibaba, Tencent, Amazon, and Facebook, have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. Our major competitors and certain new market entrants are offering mobile apps for travel products and other functionality, including proprietary last-minute discounts for accommodation reservations. The gross profit earned on a mobile transaction may be less than a typical desktop transaction due to different consumer purchasing patterns. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of Booking.com, Agoda.com, and Rentalcars.com and the international businesses of Kayak and Opentable. Our international operations have achieved significant year-over-year growth in their gross bookings, which has contributed significantly to our growth in consolidated revenue, gross profit, and earnings. We believe that maintaining and strengthening our brands are important aspects of our efforts to attract and retain customers. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand advertising, marketing, and other brand-building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. We rely on performance and brand advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites and grow our business. Our performance advertising efficiency, expressed as performance advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit, is impacted by a number of factors that are subject to variability and that are, in some cases, outside of our control, including ADRs, costs per click, cancellation rates, foreign exchange rates, our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers, and the extent to which consumers come directly to our websites or mobile apps for bookings. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. We have experienced rapid growth in consumer traffic to our websites and through our mobile apps, the number of accommodations on our extranets, and the geographic breadth of our operations. If our systems cannot be expanded to cope with increased demand or fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, and delays in the introduction of new services, any of which could impair our reputation, damage our brands, and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems. These steps are expensive, may reduce our margins, and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We utilize both internally developed systems and third-party systems to operate our services, including transaction processing, order management, and financial systems. If the number of consumers using our services increases substantially, or if critical third-party systems stop operating as designed, we will need to significantly expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems, financial and accounting systems, and other infrastructure.