Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by risks associated with intense competition and the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development, and rapid technological change. We face competition from various medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among our competitors in the healthcare industry. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition and exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services. Our ability to customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property, or other misappropriation of assets. We believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs and impacts of ensuring compliance with such rules are not material to our business. However, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies. Our reliance on the proper function, availability, and security of information technology systems to operate our business highlights the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments, or alliances will depend on our ability to identify suitable opportunities and successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses. We continue to monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency.