Citi's full year 2016 results reflected solid overall performance and underlying momentum across the franchise, including in several businesses where Citi has been making investments, such as its North America Citi-branded cards business. Citi announced its $1 billion investment in Mexico to be completed by 2020 where it believes it has the opportunity to build upon its strong brand position and scale to lead to improved returns. Citi's revenues were $69.9 billion in 2016, a decrease of 8% from the prior year, driven by a 2% decline in Citicorp and a 57% decline in Citi Holdings. Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, Citicorp loans increased 6% and deposits increased 5%. Citi's total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims of $7.0 billion decreased 12% from the prior year. The decrease was driven by a decrease in net credit losses and a lower provision for benefits and claims due to lower insurance-related business activity within Citi Holdings, partially offset by a net loan loss reserve build, largely driven by North America cards within Citicorp. The larger net reserve build in 2016 was primarily related to the North America cards franchise, driven primarily by the impact of the Costco portfolio acquisition, volume growth, and seasoning. Citi's management practices focus on optimizing performance to benefit shareholders, which includes ongoing investments in Citicorp and strategic resource allocation. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Citi continues to execute on its investment plans for Citibanamex, including initiatives to modernize the branch network, enhance digital capabilities, and upgrade core operating platforms. The firm’s IT governance and resource management strategies are integral to its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The integration of technology capabilities into business processes supports Citi's competitive advantage and market agility. The firm’s focus on digital transformation and innovation partnerships aims to leverage its technology infrastructure to enhance customer value and improve performance outcomes. The strategic alignment of business strategies with IT capabilities is essential for maintaining market responsiveness and achieving performance excellence. Overall, Citi's approach emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other organizational capabilities to drive business transformation and enhance firm performance.