The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner are critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency and cash flow and to reduce costs, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. One such initiative is to implement sustained improvements in our operational efficiency and order-to-delivery processes so that our lead time is better aligned with customer requirements, as well as to reduce waste, further enhance quality and maximize value for our customers. We believe that the successful implementation of these initiatives will enhance our operational flexibility and improve our market agility. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers. This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to maintain key dealer relationships, our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers, and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs. We believe that our information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access—is essential in responding to changing business needs and directions.