Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our business, which may negatively impact our ability to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements. The industries in which we compete experience rapid technology developments, rapid changes in industry standards and customer requirements, and frequent introductions and improvements of new products. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our system design enablement strategy requires the development or acquisition of products and expertise in new areas of technology. Our inability to develop or acquire these capabilities could impede our ability to address the technical requirements in technology segments which are expected to contribute to our growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies and technical sales support. Such investments may affect our operating results, and if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than we expect, our revenue and operating results may suffer. The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to successfully compete in our industries. To compete in these industries, we must identify and develop or acquire innovative and cost-competitive products, integrate them into platforms, and market them in a timely manner. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. The highly competitive markets in which we do business can put pressure on us to reduce the prices of our software, emulation and prototyping hardware, and IP. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products in an effort to recapture or gain market share or to sell other software or hardware products, we may then need to lower our prices or offer other favorable terms to compete successfully. Our future revenue growth and expansion of our business is dependent on our successful integration of our acquisitions. We may incur significant costs in connection with potential transactions, including acquisitions that are not consummated. Our failure to realize anticipated benefits such as cost savings and revenue enhancements could adversely impact our business, operating results, or financial condition. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. If economic conditions deteriorate in the future, or if semiconductor or electronics systems industry revenues do not grow or our suppliers of our hardware components and products are subject to problems or delays, our future revenues and financial results could be adversely affected. Our installed customer base has traditionally generated additional new license, service, and maintenance revenues. In future periods, customers may not necessarily license or buy additional products or contract for additional services or maintenance. Customer consolidation can reduce the total level of purchases of our software, hardware, IP, and services, and in some cases, increase customers' bargaining power in negotiations with their suppliers, including us. Our customers often have significant bargaining power in negotiations with us. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products in order to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods because of the rapid changes in our customers' industries. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products makes us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations.