As part of our response to the food-borne illness incidents, we have implemented enhanced food safety procedures in our supply chain and restaurants that have increased our food costs as a percentage of revenue. We expect to realize cost efficiencies in the development of our restaurants in 2017 by simplifying our restaurant design and choosing real estate sites that can more easily and cost-efficiently be converted into Chipotle restaurants. Our total capital expenditures for 2016 were $258.8 million, and we expect to incur capital expenditures of about $224 million in 2017, of which about $170 million relates to our construction of new restaurants before any reductions for landlord reimbursements, and the remainder primarily relates to restaurant reinvestments, information technology and infrastructure initiatives, and other corporate expenses. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have a renewed focus on ensuring that every guest in every one of our restaurants is provided with an excellent customer experience, which includes improvements to our digital ordering platforms. Our expectation is based in part on the increased sales we are anticipating and the resulting leverage in fixed operating costs, but we are forecasting additional improvements as well. We also believe that other operating expenses will decline compared to 2016 as we reduce marketing and promotional spend as a percent of revenue from the elevated levels of 2016, although we still plan for these expenses in 2017 to be above historical levels. We have entered into an agreement with a broker under SEC rule 10b5-1(c), authorizing the broker to make open market purchases of common stock from time to time, subject to market conditions. Our management and governance enhancements include the appointment of four new members to our board of directors, which we believe will enhance our strategic capabilities. We are targeting comparable restaurant sales increases in the high single digits for the full year 2017 as comparisons become easier in the first half of 2017. The company is involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, which could materially and adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The company has not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards, and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. Our focus during 2017 is to return to sales and profitability growth and restore our restaurant economic model, which is underpinned by our IT capabilities and management practices that support operational efficiency and enhance customer relationships.