Our ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to several considerations, including cash available for distribution, results of operations, financial condition, and anticipated future capital needs. We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy, but we have also relied on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry, where we compete with private, public, and state-owned companies to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce oil, bitumen, natural gas, and natural gas liquids efficiently and cost-effectively. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We focus on controlling costs and expenses, maintaining a strong balance sheet, returning capital to shareholders, and achieving strong financial returns. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, with technical strength being part of our heritage. We are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices, and we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Our capital allocation priorities call for sufficient investment to maintain production and pay existing dividends, with additional allocations dependent on satisfaction of other financial priorities. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which could impact our current business plans and reduce demand for our products. The energy landscape has been transformed from resource scarcity to an abundance of supply, primarily due to advances in technology responsible for the rapid growth of tight oil production. Our operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. We are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone involved in our operations and the communities in which we operate, and we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment. Our sustainability efforts focus on updating action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative and responsive. The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties across various industries, which exposes us to risks associated with the credit quality of these counterparties. We are also subject to risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies relating to pricing and taxation, which could materially affect our profitability and cash flows. Our management regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals for contingencies, including legal and tax matters, and we are subject to various lawsuits and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable, as new standards continue to evolve. We are committed to building a learning organization that uses human performance principles to pursue improved health, safety, and environmental performance.