The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. If our security measures or those of our third-party data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, or third-party service partners are breached, and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer's data, our data, or our IT systems, our services may be perceived as not being secure, leading customers to curtail or stop using our services, resulting in significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. Our services involve the storage and transmission of sensitive data, including financial information and personally identifiable information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and possible liability. We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by third parties in order to offer our services, including database software and hardware from a variety of vendors. Any damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services. We have experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future, potentially reducing our revenue and harming our business. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions, and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. The market for enterprise applications and platform services is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and fragmented, subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Many of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger marketing budgets. Our business strategy involves periodic investments in or acquisitions of complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies. However, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits from these acquisitions, which could prove difficult to integrate and disrupt our business. Our success depends on our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' requirements. Our attrition rates may increase or fluctuate as a result of various factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our services and competition. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, hiring additional personnel, and expanding domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We expect to continue to invest in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. We also plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with the overall growth of the company. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months.