The company relies on the security, stability, and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in increased capital, insurance, or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect on the company. The company has launched a new strategic initiative known as the CSX of Tomorrow, which aims to create a safe, highly automated, resource-efficient railroad enabling service excellence, profitable growth, and improved cash flow. This initiative builds on the company's vision and core values, focusing on enhancing operational performance and decision-making through technology. The CSX of Tomorrow will increasingly leverage technology, focusing on automation, advanced analytics, and the use of mobility tools. The company is accelerating its technology investments to improve safety, resource efficiency, asset reliability, and service levels for customers. The company has established formal relationships with industry groups, leading universities, and suppliers to develop, implement, and deploy the latest technology that can detect infrastructure problems before they happen. The CSX of Tomorrow relies on the reach, capability, and efficiency of the company's rail network to meet the demands of the evolving marketplace and provide increasingly flexible and responsive service to diverse customers. The company's capacity investments along the primary network will allow for additional train lengthening, improving efficiency and profitability. The modernization of the Virginia Avenue tunnel in Washington, D.C., is a capstone project for the National Gateway, which aims to improve the flow of freight traffic and eliminate bottlenecks. Service excellence has long been a core component of the company's culture, engaging all employees to focus on delivering value to customers through improved service levels, communications tools, and advanced technologies. The company strives to consistently meet or exceed customer commitments while ensuring all interactions with customers result in a positive experience. The company's intermodal network connects major population centers and positions it to capture a significant share of the growing domestic intermodal market opportunity. The company continues to proactively seek opportunities to profitably grow its merchandise business and assist new and existing customers in targeting new markets by providing access to pre-certified locations and project management services. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. The company's strategic initiatives and investments provide a foundation for volume growth, continued value pricing, productivity improvement, enhanced customer service, and advancements in safety and reliability of operations.