Cintas relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact the ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, results of operations, and reputation, exposing the company to litigation risk. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. Although Cintas believes it has adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to its technology and operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, the unpredictability of such disruptions could lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in the ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, thereby adversely affecting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, compromising confidential information or other protected company, customer, or employee information could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, potential liability, and damage to reputation. The company’s ability to promptly and effectively integrate acquisitions, including the integration of acquired companies, is critical, as the process may involve unforeseen difficulties and require a disproportionate amount of management's attention and resources. The failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could adversely affect consolidated results of operations. Cintas' strategy includes increasing penetration at existing customers and broadening its customer base, which is facilitated by a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals who develop close personal relationships with customers. The combination of its distribution system and strong customer relationships provides a platform from which to launch additional products and services. The company evaluates strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise to supplement internal growth. The integration of technology into business processes is essential for enhancing operational efficiency and achieving competitive advantage. Cintas continuously improves the efficiency of internal processes, which contributes to gross margin improvement. The company’s management believes that its corporate culture and ability to attract and retain key employees are critical components of its success. The reliance on technology and the effective management of IT capabilities are integral to meeting business needs, enhancing operational flexibility, and supporting strategic resource allocation. The risks associated with the suppliers from whom Cintas sources products could adversely affect results of operations, particularly in relation to the ability to access products in a timely and efficient manner, which is a significant challenge.