Many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. We rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, coordinated cyber attacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. Although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, a compromise of our information security controls could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. If our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. The competitive success of our retail pharmacy business, as well as our specialty pharmacy operations, is derived by their ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. Strong competition in the pbm marketplace has generated greater client demand for lower pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. Unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings, particularly in a rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive. The competitive success of our ltc pharmacy operations is dependent upon our ability to compete in each geographic region where we have operations. Our pbm business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. Our clients are generally well informed and organized, can easily move between our competitors and often seek competing bids prior to expiration of their contracts. We continually face challenges in competing for new pbm business and retaining or renewing our existing pbm business. Our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, and during the past several years, the United States health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and enforcement activity at both the federal and state levels. Changes in these laws and regulations and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or criminal penalties; significant fines or monetary penalties; suspension or disgorgement of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs. Our business interests outside of the United States are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable domestic and international laws and regulations.