The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The operation of the companies' facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. Moreover, if the companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. The companies' operations are subject to risks associated with hostile cyber intrusions that could severely impair operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the companies, and otherwise have an adverse effect on business. The companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run the companies' facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, and there appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication, and maturity of threat actors, particularly nation-state actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the companies' computer systems, software, or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny, and damage to the companies' reputation. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The companies' business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain, and motivate employees, particularly those with specialized knowledge required for transmission, generation, and distribution operations. The companies' inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject them to monetary penalties. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance, and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services, including technological advances required by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices.