Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. Economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could result in slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue from our core direct banking business. We expect regulators to continue addressing concerns through public enforcement actions against financial institutions or non-public supervisory actions or findings. Regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to limit, exit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. The competitive intensity in the rewards space is expected to continue which could result in an increase in the rewards rate. We expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models. We continue to expand our marketing of our personal loan, private student loan and home equity loan products. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our expenses. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. We may not be able to successfully introduce and maintain new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, which may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business and earnings. Our technologies, systems, networks and software, and those of other financial institutions, have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, phishing and social engineering, other remote access attacks, and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data, account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. We must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. Our business depends on our ability to manage our credit risk, and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. We must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. We rely on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. If a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a timely and accurate manner.