We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of customer, employee or company data. A data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, adversely impact our sales and revenue and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Consequently, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments while generating strong profitability and cash flows. This strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt, allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns, and improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities. We believe that our existing cash resources, our revolving credit facility and our mortgage repurchase facility provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations, including the maturity of senior notes. We have historically funded our homebuilding and financial services and other operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. Our mortgage operations revenues in fiscal 2016 were reduced by $8.5 million to increase our loss reserves for estimated future recourse obligations and other mortgage loans, and to adjust certain mortgage loans held for sale to fair value. The volume of loans originated and brokered by our mortgage operations is related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. We expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings available under our homebuilding and financial services credit facilities. Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the CFPB, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities.