Our business depends upon the demand for technology-related real estate. A decrease in the demand for data center space, internet gateway facilities, or other technology-related real estate would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified tenant base or less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. The development of new technologies, the adoption of new industry standards, or other factors could render many of our tenants' current products and services obsolete or unmarketable and contribute to a downturn in their businesses, thereby increasing the likelihood that they default under their leases, become insolvent, or file for bankruptcy. Our growth depends on external sources of capital which are outside of our control. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our business prospects and growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, funds from operations, our cash flow and cash distributions, and the market price per share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.'s common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing at all or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide, or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth, and retention of a balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We face significant competition, which may decrease or prevent increases in the occupancy and rental rates of our properties. We compete with numerous data center developers, owners, and operators, many of whom own properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our properties are located. If our competitors offer space that our tenants or potential tenants perceive to be superior to ours based on numerous factors, including available power, security considerations, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, we may lose tenants or potential tenants or be required to incur costs to improve our properties or reduce our rental rates. Our data center infrastructure may become obsolete, and we may not be able to upgrade our power and cooling systems cost-effectively, or at all. Our data center infrastructure may become obsolete due to the development of new systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in our data center facilities. Additionally, our data center infrastructure could become obsolete as a result of the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform.