The company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses. Despite the implementation of extensive security measures, the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyberattacks, and other events. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cybersecurity protection costs, and reputational damage. The company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements, relying on a system of internal accounting control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. The company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors oversees the financial reporting process and meets with management and internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor responsibilities. The company has made various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand its business, which require favorable environments to execute these transactions. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired and to cooperate with strategic partners. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses. The company's competitive strategy includes delivering solutions to customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. The company operates in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, competing on the basis of product performance, quality, service, and price. The company's operations depend on production facilities worldwide, which are subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company has substantial sales abroad, subjecting it to economic risk as results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations and changes in local government regulations and policies. The company expects to continue to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions, and manage its capital structure. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $500 million in 2017. The company's decision whether to repatriate cash from non-U.S. locations will be determined in connection with funding needs for the acquisition of Pentair's valves & controls business. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth.