We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty. We also contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. Our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies, anticipate technology advances, and keep pace with other developers of cardiovascular therapies and technologies. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories, and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. Our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. The cardiovascular medical device industry is highly competitive. We compete with many companies, some of which are larger and have longer operating histories, better brand or name recognition, and broader product offerings. Our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, breadth of product line, clinical outcomes, product availability, price, availability and rate of reimbursement, and services provided by the manufacturer. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. We regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or appropriate partners with which to form alliances. Even if we identify appropriate acquisition or alliance candidates, we may be unable to complete the acquisitions or alliances on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service, or product into our existing operations could result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. Integration of an acquired company often requires significant expenditures as well as significant management resources that otherwise would be available for ongoing development of our other businesses. Moreover, we may not realize the anticipated financial or other benefits of an acquisition or alliance. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. We sell our products and technologies to hospitals and other health care providers, all of which receive reimbursement for the health care services provided to patients from third-party payors, such as government programs (both domestic and international), private insurance plans, and managed care programs. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products from private and governmental third-party payors is critical to the success of medical technology companies. Our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations, including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including changes in local medical reimbursement policies and programs, changes in foreign regulatory requirements, and changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. We have incurred and may incur expenditures in the future in connection with environmental, health and safety laws, and regulations.