The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Although our information systems are protected with robust backup systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data could be adversely affected. We have made significant investments into distribution automation over the last several years, and a majority of our facilities are now automated, with greater than 85% of our picking occurring at an automated distribution center. Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including store managers, outside sales personnel, and other store associates. Our industrial vending operation has been an expanding component of our store-based business, and we believe industrial vending is an important chapter in our story; we also believe it will continue to be transformative to industrial distribution. Our expanded industrial vending portfolio consists of 23 different vending devices, with the fast 5000 device representing approximately 40% of the installed machines. The ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete and our sales and profit margins. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can service our customers at the closest economic point of contact. Our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles. The concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day and increase our activity with them. However, execution is hard work. We have continued to enhance the technology in our automated distribution centers, to sharpen our focus on growing our onsite business, and to expand our store-based inventory offering. Our strategy involves slowing our annual new store openings and investing the funds saved by opening fewer stores in additional sales and sales leadership personnel. Our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated, and the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services for that business could be disruptive. The ability to replenish with a local team from an integrated supply chain network is critical to the long-term success of this channel. Our information systems are essential for managing supply chain operations, and we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations related to data privacy and cybersecurity requirements. We have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us.