We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our growth and the success of our decision management strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including cloud-based product offerings. Our software solutions are available through the FICO® analytic cloud, and we are adding delivery via third-party cloud environments. We expect that part of the growth we seek to achieve through our decision management strategy will be derived from the sale of decision management products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. Our reengineering initiative is designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. The market may be unreceptive to our general decision management business approach, including purchasing multiple products from us or our customized solutions. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products and services, our revenues will decline. We expect that revenues derived from our scoring solutions, fraud solutions, customer management solutions, and tools will continue to account for a substantial portion of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, which we utilized to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives and acquisitions of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. Our acquisition of Quadmetrics accelerates our efforts to provide a suite of complementary cyber-related analytics solutions to market. We also rely on relationships with third parties for marketing, distribution, and certain services, and if we experience difficulties in these relationships, our future revenues may be adversely affected. Our ability to increase revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services, and if the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline. The market for business analytics is new, rapidly evolving, and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, use leading third-party technologies effectively, and anticipate and effectively respond to changing customer needs. We face difficulty predicting the quarter in which sales will occur due to the lengthy and variable sales cycle of many products, combined with the relatively large size of orders for our products, which increases the likelihood of short-term fluctuations in revenues. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business alliances, or if they decline to provide such data due to privacy concerns, competition concerns, prohibitions, or a lack of permission from their customers or partners, we could lose access to required data, and the development of new products might become less effective. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and other intellectual property rights, and any disclosure, loss, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position. If our security measures are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or consumer data is otherwise obtained, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.