We are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our ability to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace. Our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are critical, as failure to do so could result in losing clients or difficulty attracting new clients. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. As more of our revenue and market demand shifts to SaaS, cloud, BPaaS, and new disruptive technologies, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. We face direct competition from third parties, and many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, viewing their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective. The markets in which we compete have attracted increasing competition from smaller start-ups with disruptive technologies, global banks, and global internet companies introducing competitive products and services into the marketplace. Our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors, or failures in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems. Many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. Our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from various risks, including unauthorized entry and computer viruses. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to our successful operation. If we fail to maintain an adequate security infrastructure or adapt to emerging security threats, the confidentiality of the information we secure could be compromised. We electronically receive, process, store, and transmit sensitive business information of our clients, and any failure to comply with information security laws or regulations could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. We are focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. This includes capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We continue to innovate and invest in integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address market demand. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address the outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. The completion of the Sungard acquisition increased our existing portfolio to include solutions that automate a wide range of complex business processes for financial services institutions. We anticipate significant cost savings around administration and technology expenses as we integrate the acquired businesses. Our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations relies on skilled compliance, security, risk, and audit professionals. The competition for such skill sets is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could adversely affect our internal control environment and impact our operating results.