Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology and on the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Weak global economic conditions and reduced information technology spending may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, and reduced unit sales. We rely heavily on information technology and accounting systems to help manage critical functions such as order processing, revenue recognition, financial forecasts, inventory and supply chain management, and trade compliance reviews. We have been slow to adopt and implement certain automated functions, which could have a negative impact on our business. A significant interruption in our email service or other systems could result in delayed order fulfillment and decreased billings and revenue for that quarter. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial, operating, and administrative systems and controls. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings. We rely on our channel partners to generate a significant portion of our sales opportunities and manage the sales process. The termination of our relationship with any significant channel partner may adversely impact our sales and operating results. Our strategy of investing in sales and marketing enabled us to continue to gain market share and customers. We are also starting to see a shift from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model whereby we primarily sell our products, software licenses, and services directly to distributors, which sell to resellers and service providers. We also offer our products through cloud-based services, which are increasingly in demand by our end-customers. Our fortiguard security subscription services and forticare technical support services are critical to our business model, providing recurring revenue streams that are essential for our financial health. The implementation and maintenance of our new ERP system has required significant financial and human resources, and any deficiencies in our design or implementation could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. We have experienced challenges related to the integration of acquired technologies and the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel is critical to our future success, particularly in engineering, sales, and marketing. The complexity of our products necessitates high-quality technical support services, and our failure to offer such services would materially adversely affect our sales and results of operations. Our business has grown over the last several years, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth, including through the expansion of our real estate holdings, our operating results will be negatively affected. The network security market is expected to continue to evolve rapidly, and we must accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to technological and market developments and changing end-customer needs to maintain our competitive position. The technology in our products is especially complex, requiring us to effectively identify and respond to new and increasingly sophisticated methods of attack while minimizing the impact on network performance. Our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed if we do not quickly respond to the rapidly changing and rigorous needs of our end-customers.