Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other disruptions. We face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage information technology systems and products that contain information technology systems for various customers. We maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cyber security to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cyber security threats. We have experienced cyber security threats such as viruses and attacks by hackers targeting our information technology systems. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could, among other things, cause harm to our business and our reputation; disrupt our operations; expose us to potential liability, regulatory actions and the loss of business; and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers, as well as impact our results of operations materially. Our information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group achieved a book-to-bill ratio (orders divided by revenue) of approximately one-to-one in 2016 driven by several significant contract awards during the year. The information systems and technology group continues to benefit from the consolidation of two of our businesses to form general dynamics mission systems. Operating margin increased primarily due to strong program performance and favorable contract mix across our portfolio. The group also relies on subcontractors and vendors to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Misconduct by subcontractors, such as a failure to comply with procurement regulations or engaging in unauthorized activities, may harm our future revenue and earnings. We manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer issues. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. We continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution.