Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. It is strategically significant that we lead the technological disruption occurring in our industry. Our growth strategies require us to make significant investment in our brands to appeal to new markets, which necessitates the successful creation and funding of technological innovations in design, engineering, and manufacturing. We rely upon information technology networks and systems, including in-vehicle systems and mobile devices, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of vehicle or business processes and activities. The secure operation of these information technology networks and in-vehicle systems, and the processing and maintenance of this information, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, our information technology networks and systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors, and others who have access to our networks and systems. Our ability to realize production efficiencies and to achieve reductions in costs as we implement operating effectiveness initiatives throughout our automotive operations is crucial for our future competitiveness. We continue to implement a number of operating effectiveness initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. Our future competitiveness depends upon our continued success in implementing these initiatives throughout our automotive operations. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility, and political uncertainty. Security breaches and other disruptions to our vehicles, information technology networks, and systems could interfere with the safety of our customers or our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Our joint ventures are intended to be operated for the equal benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. We are subject to extensive laws, governmental regulations, and policies, including those regarding fuel economy and emissions controls, that can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. Meeting or exceeding many of these regulations is costly and often technologically challenging, especially where standards may not be harmonized across jurisdictions. We believe that the automotive industry will experience significant and continued change in the coming years. Our ability to maintain a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy, and we anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic, will seek to enter the Chinese market. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. We cannot predict future economic and market conditions with certainty.