The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication failures, and other problems. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could also subject Grainger to additional costs. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger collects and stores personally identifiable, confidential, proprietary, and other information from customers through its sales and e-commerce channels. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers, and employees. While Grainger has instituted safeguards for the protection of such information, it has experienced and expects to continue to experience attempts to breach the company's information systems. A cybersecurity incident could be caused by malicious outsiders using sophisticated methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses. Grainger's systems are integrated with customer systems in certain cases, and a breach of the company's information systems could be used to gain illicit access to customer systems and information. Loss of customer, supplier, employee, or other business information could disrupt operations, damage Grainger's reputation, and expose Grainger to claims from customers, suppliers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees, and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Grainger, its financial condition, and results of operations. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of its business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact results of operations. Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, e-commerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools, and inventory management services. These investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives, including continuing to grow its share of business with large, complex customers and further leveraging its e-commerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, and its ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is crucial for continued growth. The company must also comply with various domestic and foreign laws, regulations, and standards, which could increase the cost of doing business, including as a result of increased investments in technology and the development of new operational processes. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, which is built over many years and can be adversely affected by incidents that result in adverse publicity or governmental investigations.