We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business, increasing our profitability and creating long-term value for our stockholders. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction and clinical quality are central goals of our business model. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, grow our revenues and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. We are currently investing in initiatives such as additional care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. The provision for doubtful accounts and the allowance for doubtful accounts relate primarily to uninsured amounts due directly from patients, including copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health care coverage. The amount of the provision for doubtful accounts is based upon management's assessment of historical writeoffs and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends in federal, state, and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. We perform the hindsight analysis quarterly, utilizing rolling twelve-months accounts receivable collection and writeoff data. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable valuations of our accounts receivable. The sum of the provision for doubtful accounts, uninsured discounts and charity care, as a percentage of the sum of revenues, was 33.0% for 2016 compared to 31.5% for 2015. We continue to leverage our scale and market positions to enhance profitability. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow the profitability of our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our franchise. We are currently investing in initiatives such as additional care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have a strong record of successfully acquiring and integrating hospitals and entering into joint ventures and intend to continue leveraging this experience.