A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data for information such as sales, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment and order fulfillment. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. We use our websites and our mobile app both as sales channels for our products and also as methods of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. We have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. Multichannel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer preferences and new developments. We also continually seek to enhance all of our online properties to provide an attractive user-friendly interface for our customers, as evidenced by our recent redesign of our homedepot.com website. Disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. Any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. We have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and information technology systems. These initiatives, such as project sync and com, our new customer order management system, are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. The cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term and lead to product availability issues. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. In addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded information technology systems might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.