The company seeks to execute on its strategy to become a software-industrial company, which for it means products and services that facilitate the connected plane, home, building, and factory. The company has reported its financial performance based on a realignment of the business units comprising its automation and control solutions segment, which includes a focus on enhancing software capabilities through the creation of a software center in the United States. This center is staffed with more than 730 full-time product software engineers, in addition to over 11,000 software engineers already part of Honeywell. The company has deployed capital focused on high return investments, including expansions of facilities for manufacturing products that align with global macroeconomic trends such as energy efficiency and productivity. The company’s future growth is largely dependent upon its ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets. The company emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business strategies and work processes. It also highlights the necessity of providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailoring these in response to changing business needs and directions. The company recognizes that its IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s operational risks include the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, which can impact the company’s ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts. Furthermore, the company is subject to unique risks as a supplier to the U.S. government, including the right of the government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of operations and performance. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations and result in the loss of critical and confidential information, adversely impacting the company’s reputation and results of operations. The company seeks to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including continuous monitoring of IT networks and systems. The company’s focus on driving profitable organic growth through research and development and technological excellence is aimed at delivering innovative products that customers value. The company aims to enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and management practices, which include controlling corporate and other non-operating costs. The company’s ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery during times of volatile demand. The company also emphasizes the importance of effective working capital management and proactive management of debt levels to enable smart capital deployment for strategic acquisitions, dividends, and capital expenditures.