Arconic is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects in all business segments, including additive manufacturing, alloy development, engineered finishes and product design, high-speed continuous casting and rolling technology, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. The company is investing in its manufacturing and engineering businesses to capture growth opportunities in strong end markets like automotive and aerospace. Arconic's business operations are capital intensive, and curtailment or closure of operations or facilities may include significant charges, including employee separation costs, asset impairment charges, and other measures. The company has made, and may continue to plan and execute, acquisitions and divestitures and take other actions to grow or streamline its portfolio. Arconic's profitability could be adversely affected by volatility in the availability or cost of raw materials. The manufacture of many of Arconic's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, supply chain interruptions, natural disasters, labor unrest, and environmental factors. The company is subject to cyclical fluctuations in global economic conditions and lightweight metals end-use markets. Arconic's business could be adversely affected by increases in the cost of aluminum, and the price of primary aluminum has historically been subject to significant cyclical price fluctuations. The company derives a significant portion of its revenue from products sold to the aerospace industry, which can be highly cyclical and reflective of changes in the general economy. The automotive industry is sensitive to general economic conditions, including credit markets and interest rates, and consumer spending and preferences regarding vehicle ownership and usage. Arconic's customers may reduce their demand for aluminum products in favor of alternative materials, which could adversely affect the demand for certain of Arconic's products and thus adversely affect its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The success of Arconic's aerospace business will depend, in part, on the success of commercial and military aircraft programs. The company is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, and military aircraft programs. Arconic's failure to successfully meet production levels could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company's global operations expose it to risks that could adversely affect its business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. Arconic may not be able to successfully develop and implement technology initiatives. The company is continuing to execute its strategy of growing its precision engineering and advanced manufacturing business to capture profitable growth as a lightweight metals innovation leader. Arconic's business depends, in part, on its ability to successfully meet increased program demand and mitigate the impact of program cancellations, reductions, and delays. The company faces significant competition, which may have an adverse effect on profitability. Arconic's competitive position depends, in part, on the company's ability to leverage its innovation expertise across its businesses and key end markets. The company's credit ratings are important to its cost of capital, and a downgrade could limit its ability to obtain future financing or increase its borrowing costs.