IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving away from certain segments of the IT industry and into areas in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company's products, services, and systems may affect critical third-party operations or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers, and others. In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error. The company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Cybersecurity risk to the company and its customers will depend on factors such as actions, practices, and investments of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. The company's financial results are affected by factors such as the introduction of new products and services, its ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company's strategic imperatives involve new products, new customers, new and evolving competitors, and new markets, all of which contribute to the difficulty of predicting the company's financial results. The company is a globally integrated entity, operating in over 175 countries worldwide, and changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates could affect its business and overall results of operations. The company depends on skilled personnel, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of these resources. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results.