The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. In addition, economic and regulatory uncertainty, coupled with periods of high market volatility around geopolitical events, low interest rates and low oil and natural gas prices has affected our clients' activities in recent years. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. In recent years, financial institutions and corporations have acted to control spending, including on financial information and related services. Yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. While we expect that cost containment pressures will continue, we anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands; greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets; the development of new data products; the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity; new entrants; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our data services revenues increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, primarily due to the acquisitions of interactive data and trayport, the acquisitions of securities evaluations and credit market analysis, the high retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased usage by existing customers and the development of new and enhanced products designed to efficiently deliver more value to our customers. Our pricing and analytics services consist of an extensive set of independent evaluated pricing services focused primarily on fixed income and international equity securities, valuation services, reference data, market data, end of day pricing, fixed income, equity portfolio analytics and risk management analytics. Our desktop and web-based applications deliver real-time market information, analytical and decision support tools to support trading and investment decisions. Our connectivity infrastructure managed services solution also offers colocation space, direct exchange access, proximity hosting and support services that enable access to real-time exchange data and facilitates low latency electronic trading. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate uncertainties and to build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets.