The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological and market developments, changes in industry standards, changes in customer needs, and frequent product introductions and improvements. If we do not anticipate and respond to these developments, our competitive position may weaken, and our products or technologies might be uncompetitive or obsolete. Our business focus has expanded and now includes the design and production of platforms and other products for the data center, internet of things, and memory market segments. To be successful, we need to cultivate new industry relationships with customers and partners in these market segments. We must continually improve the cost, integration, and energy efficiency of our products, as well as expand our software capabilities to provide customers with comprehensive computing solutions. Our research and development efforts are critical to our success and are aimed at solving complex problems. We invest substantially in our network of manufacturing and assembly and test facilities, including the construction of new fabrication facilities to support smaller transistor geometries and larger wafers. Our R&D investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. We face significant competition, and the products and technologies offered by others may affect demand for, or pricing of, our products. Our operations could be disrupted by natural disasters; industrial accidents; geopolitical conditions; terrorist activity; public health issues; cybersecurity incidents; interruptions of service from utilities, transportation, or telecommunications providers; or other catastrophic events. Such events could make it difficult or impossible to manufacture or deliver products to our customers, receive production materials from our suppliers, or perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our revenue and require significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations. We are also subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks. Third parties attempt to gain unauthorized access to our network, products, services, and infrastructure. We regularly face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access through the internet or to introduce malicious software to our information technology systems. We believe such attempts are increasing in number and in technical sophistication. While we seek to detect and investigate all unauthorized attempts and attacks against our network, products, and services, and to prevent their recurrence where practicable, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. Publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with customers or users, and reduce demand for our products and services. We may be subject to theft, loss, or misuse of personal data about our employees, customers, or other third parties, which could increase our expenses, damage our reputation, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings. Our ability to expand or modify our manufacturing capability in the future may be impeded by environmental regulations, such as air quality and wastewater requirements. Environmental laws and regulations could also require us to acquire pollution abatement or remediation equipment, modify product designs, or incur other expenses. Our failure to manage the use, transportation, emissions, discharge, storage, recycling, or disposal of hazardous materials could lead to increased costs or future liabilities. We rely on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to enforce our intellectual property rights under any of these circumstances may harm our competitive position and business.