Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. Our data management systems must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business; any impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We require user names and passwords to access our information technology systems and use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. However, these security measures may be compromised due to security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, or other irregularities, resulting in unauthorized access to our data or accounts. Unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our products or systems to obtain personal data relating to patients or employees, our confidential or proprietary information, or confidential information we hold on behalf of third parties. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products to minimize vulnerabilities. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently, we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when they occur. Our reliance on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems may also compromise information security. We devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, but these measures cannot provide absolute security. We may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data, which could materially damage our reputation and brand, decrease the use of our products and services, and expose us to litigation and potential liability. Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. Our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personally identifiable information, which includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. The costs to eliminate or alleviate network security problems could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful, resulting in unexpected interruptions, delays, or cessation of service. We are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to sell our new products. If we do not obtain and maintain the necessary domestic and international regulatory approvals, we will not be able to provide our products in the respective markets. Our products are subject to inspection and marketing surveillance by regulatory authorities to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply, it could lead to enforcement actions that may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.