The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company has a decentralized operating structure under which its individual businesses are allowed significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company's enterprise strategy includes a focus on organic revenue growth and continued margin improvement, supported by its IT capabilities that enhance operational efficiency and business process focus. The company has implemented strategic sourcing as a core capability to better leverage its scale and improve global competitiveness, which is critical for driving accelerated organic growth. The application of the company's 80/20 management process has enabled it to achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance. The company's ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The company’s intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, which could adversely impact its competitive position and results of operations. The realization of any liabilities or deficiencies from acquisitions may increase the company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. The company’s financial results are impacted by global economic conditions, and downturns in the markets served could adversely affect its businesses. The company’s profitability is affected by movements of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, which could have an adverse effect on profitability and financial condition. The company has made considerable progress in transitioning onto its current strategic path to fully leverage the performance potential of its business model, which includes narrowing the focus and improving the quality of its business portfolio. The company is in the process of reapplying its 80/20 management process to optimize its newly scaled-up divisions for growth, aiming to build a foundation of operational excellence and identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth. The company’s management believes that its organic growth framework is capable of delivering above-market organic growth across all segments, with approximately 85 percent of the divisions ready to grow. The company’s ability to successfully manage and expand its international businesses is crucial, as risks associated with these operations could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition. The company’s strategic sourcing initiative has delivered an average of one percent reduction in spend each year, which is part of its ongoing operational strategy and a sustainable enterprise-wide capability. The company’s focus on customer-back innovation is fueled by insights gathered from its management processes, driving innovation and contributing to a portfolio of patents. The company’s IT capabilities are essential in supporting its strategic management practices and enhancing its competitive advantage in the marketplace.