The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to its business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the potential for adverse impacts exists due to the frequently changing attack techniques and the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks. The company manages within a strategic framework, believing that its strategic operating principles are crucial to successfully meeting the demands of rapidly evolving markets. Management is focused on long-term strategic growth drivers, including creating value through innovation, expanding global reach with a local focus, excellence in execution, and leading with purpose. The company is committed to developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services, with significant investments in research and development to deliver new and differentiated products that meet evolving healthcare needs. The company faces substantial competition in all operating segments and geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, and pricing. The competitive environment necessitates substantial investments in continuing research and development, as well as maintaining customer demand through significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. The company’s ability to innovate and develop new products and technologies is critical to offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to competition and patent expirations. The company pursues product development through internal research and development and collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, and licensing arrangements with third parties. Developing new products requires significant investment of resources over many years, and only a few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. The process depends on various factors, including the ability to discern future needs, develop promising new compounds, achieve successful clinical trial results, secure effective intellectual property protection, and obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis. The company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations, and legal actions, which impose significant compliance costs and expose it to potential penalties. The company’s businesses operate in a highly competitive environment, and competitive pressures could adversely affect earnings. The company faces risks associated with conducting business internationally, including foreign currency exchange fluctuations, inflation, and illegal importation of pharmaceutical products. The company also faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may result in pricing pressures, including health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, and reimbursement of healthcare products.