We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. We rely on third party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting our primary data center and processing various benefit-related accounting and transactional services. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. As cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and increase, our information systems could also be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes or corrupting information. These risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business. We have an ongoing program of investment and upgrading in our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities. We expect to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands. We may also experience delays in extending our internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired businesses, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in their financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. We depend on third party bottling and distribution companies for a portion of our business. Some of these bottlers, such as PepsiCo and Coca-Cola, are also our competitors. The majority of these bottlers' business comes from selling either their own products or our competitors' products. In addition, some of the products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. As independent companies, these bottlers and distributors make their own business decisions. They may devote more resources to other products or take other actions detrimental to our brands. We also compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers. We may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. Our distribution agreements with our allied brands could be terminated. We are subject to a risk of our allied brands, other than Bai Brands, terminating their distribution agreements with us, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our consolidated statements of income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and increase our effective tax rate. Our financial performance may be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We manage a small portion of our exposure to the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso for certain transactions utilizing derivative instruments and are not protected against most foreign currency fluctuations.