The semiconductor equipment industry and other industries that we serve are constantly developing and changing over time. Many of the risks associated with operating in these industries are comparable to the risks faced by all technology companies, such as the uncertainty of future growth rates in the industries that we serve, pricing trends in the end-markets for consumer electronics and other products, changes in our customers' capital spending patterns, and an environment of constant change and development. Our ability to attract, recruit, retain and motivate current and prospective employees may be adversely affected. The attention of our employees and management may be diverted due to activities related to the merger. We may forego opportunities we might otherwise pursue absent the merger agreement, and may not be able to take advantage of alternative business opportunities or effectively respond to competitive pressures. The semiconductor equipment industry is highly cyclical, and the purchasing decisions of our customers are highly dependent on the economies of both the local markets in which they are located and the semiconductor industry worldwide. If we fail to respond to industry cycles, our business could be seriously harmed. The timing, length, and severity of the up-and-down cycles in the semiconductor equipment industry are difficult to predict. The cyclical nature of the primary industry in which we operate is largely a function of our customers' capital spending patterns and need for expanded manufacturing capacity. This cyclicality affects our ability to accurately predict future revenue and, in some cases, future expense levels. Our management typically provides quarterly forecasts for certain financial metrics, which are based on business and operational forecasts believed to be reasonable at the time. However, largely due to the cyclicality of our business and the industries in which we operate, our actual results may vary from forecasted results. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our ability to manage the risks resulting from changes in our industries is critical, as our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely impacted. The continued customer demand for our products and the development, introduction, and market acceptance of new products and technologies are critical to our future success. Our success is dependent in part on our technology and other proprietary rights. We regularly recognize revenue from a sale upon shipment of the applicable product to the customer, even before receiving the customer's formal acceptance of that product. However, our products are technologically complex and rely on the interconnection of numerous subcomponents, which must perform to their respective specifications. Our ability to recognize revenue from a particular customer may also be negatively impacted by the customer's funding status, which could be weakened by adverse business conditions or inaccessibility to capital markets. Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, historically has been, and is becoming increasingly, highly concentrated due to corporate consolidation, acquisitions, and business closures. This increasing concentration exposes our business, financial condition, and operating results to a number of risks, including the mix and type of customers, and sales to any single customer, which may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year.