Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the commodities that we handle. Our pipelines, terminals, and other assets and facilities depend in part on continued production of natural gas, oil, and other products in the geographic areas that they serve. Our business also depends in part on the levels of demand for oil, natural gas, coal, steel, chemicals, and other products in the geographic areas to which our pipelines, terminals, shipping vessels, and other facilities deliver or provide service, and the ability and willingness of our shippers and other customers to supply such demand. The implementation of new regulations or changes to existing regulations affecting the energy industry could reduce production of and/or demand for natural gas, crude oil, refined petroleum products, coal, and other hydrocarbons, increase our costs, and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. A variety of factors outside of our control, such as difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way or other regulatory approvals that can be exacerbated by public opposition to our projects, have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in our construction projects. We must obtain and maintain the rights to construct and operate pipelines on other owners' land, including private landowners, railroads, public utilities, and others. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties, such as hedging counterparties, joint venture partners, and suppliers. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in several industries, including the oil and gas industry, the steel industry, and the coal industry, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. The future success of our oil and gas development and production operations depends in part upon our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable. The business of developing and operating oil and gas properties involves a high degree of business and financial risk that even a combination of experience, knowledge, and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. We engage in hedging arrangements to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil, natural gas, and NGL. Our hedging arrangements expose us to the risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when production is less than expected or when the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract obligations. Terrorist attacks or cyber security events, or the threat of them, may adversely affect our business or harm our business reputation. A cyber security event could affect our ability to operate or control our facilities or disrupt our operations; also, customer information could be stolen. The occurrence of one of these events could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond, or other financial loss, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. Our business requires the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties recruiting and retaining our workforce could result in a failure to implement our business plans. Our operations and management require the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, including engineers, technical personnel, and other professionals. We and our affiliates compete with other companies in the energy industry for this skilled workforce.