We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives. The failure of customer-facing technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our websites are a sales channel for our products and also a method of making product, project and other relevant information available to our customers that impacts our in-store sales. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by cyber-attacks, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of us as a reliable online vendor. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. Our public image and reputation are critical to ensuring that our customers shop with us, our vendors want to do business with us, and our sales associates want to work for us. We must continue to manage, preserve and grow our public image and reputation. Strategic transactions involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits because of numerous uncertainties, including our ability to integrate IT and other systems successfully. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable and accurate financial reports, and the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. We continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. Our ability to access capital markets could negatively affect our business, financial performance and results of operations. We have relied on the public debt markets to fund portions of our capital investments and our access to these markets depends on our strong credit ratings and operating performance. Our future operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, including adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry. We expect continued store growth over the next five years in Canada and Mexico, but expanding internationally presents unique challenges that may increase the anticipated costs and risks. Our ability to effectively manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products is crucial, as the inability to effectively manage these relationships could negatively impact our business operations and financial results.