The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability, and as a result, we face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. Our management processes, information systems, and procedures for training and managing our workforce are critical in maintaining adequate financial and business controls. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure and other components of our business on a timely basis. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend significantly on the ability of our executive officers and senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We rely upon certain critical information systems for the operation of our business, which are susceptible to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents. These information systems include telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications, and e-mail. Many of these information systems may be owned and maintained by us or our outsourced providers. Our ability to manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully is essential, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. We must make significant investments in research and development to continue to enhance our existing products and develop new products with improved capabilities. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, as intense competition for top talent may require cycles of hiring activity and workforce reductions. We maintain high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, investing resources to comply with evolving standards. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt, which may necessitate entering into new financing arrangements. We are subject to various risks related to new, inconsistent, or conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies and regulatory agencies in the countries where we operate. Our financial results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities, which are concentrated in just a few locations. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our ability to comply with covenants in our credit agreements is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control. We are exposed to various risks from our regulatory environment, including potential fines, restrictions on our actions, and reputational damage if we are unable to fully comply. Our future success depends heavily on international sales and the management of global operations, which include trade balance issues, tariffs, and compliance with U.S. and international laws affecting foreign operations. Our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts, and services is crucial for our operational effectiveness. The outcomes of strategic alliances and customer consolidation may negatively affect our business, as these alliances can lead to standardization of processes that may disadvantage us.