The company is increasingly reliant on technological systems, such as point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms, as well as technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration internally, with affiliated entities, or with independent third parties to conduct its business. Any failure of these systems could significantly impact operations and customer perceptions. The company continues to build upon its investments in experience of the future ("eotf"), which focus on restaurant modernization and technology and digital engagement in order to transform the restaurant experience. The company is placing renewed emphasis on improving its existing service model and strengthening relationships with customers through technology. By evolving the technology platform, the company aims to simplify how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technology-driven models that enable table service and curb-side pick-up. The implementation of security measures is critical as technology systems could become vulnerable to damage, disability, or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other catastrophic events. The company recognizes that its ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on its ability to improve existing products, develop new products, and respond effectively to competitors' actions, which necessitates effective management of technology resources and capabilities. The company's turnaround plan includes an accelerated pace of refranchising, cost savings initiatives, and global restructuring, which depend on its ability to select qualified and capable franchisees and licensees. The company’s investments to enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected returns, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will be successful. The company faces intense competition in its markets, which could hurt its business, and it must anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and trends in food sourcing and preparation. The company’s success depends on its ability to leverage operating successes across markets and to manage the complexity of its restaurant operations. The company’s information technology systems contain personal, financial, and other information that is entrusted to it by customers and employees, and any actual or alleged security breach could result in system disruptions, shutdowns, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. The company is also subject to increasing legal complexity and could be party to litigation that could adversely affect it, including claims related to privacy and data collection, protection, and management. The company’s strategic direction emphasizes the importance of aligning its technology capabilities with business strategies to enhance operational efficiency and customer engagement. The company’s ability to achieve its refranchising strategy, which involves a shift to a greater percentage of franchised restaurants, will depend on various factors, including its ability to effectively manage and deploy its technology resources and capabilities.