We increasingly rely on information technology and third-party service providers to process, transmit and store company information via business applications, internal networks and the internet. We use these technologies and third-party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including communicating with our employees, customers and suppliers; running critical business operations; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Working with these technologies and third-party service providers creates risks related to confidentiality, integrity and continuity, and some of these risks may be outside of our control. Confidentiality and integrity of information may be jeopardized by deliberate or unintentional misuse, manipulation or disclosure of information; physical theft; or cybersecurity data breaches by our employees, suppliers, hackers, criminal groups, nation-state organizations, social-activist organizations or other third parties. We currently utilize third-party e-commerce providers and request that they have the appropriate cybersecurity controls and meet regulatory requirements. Going forward, should we decide to transact e-commerce direct to consumers as the merchant, we would implement additional procedures, controls and technology to address cybersecurity and regulatory compliance. We might face increased risk if new initiatives such as e-commerce increase the amount of confidential information that we process and maintain, and the cybersecurity and compliance controls we or our third-party providers implement are not effective. Continuity of business applications and services may be disrupted by errors in systems' maintenance, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, viruses or malware, denial of service and other cybersecurity attacks, telecommunication failures, natural disasters, terrorist attacks and other catastrophic events. Should any of these risks materialize, the need to coordinate with various third-party service providers might complicate our efforts to resolve the related issues. If our controls, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we may experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition, should confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities be misused or breached, we may suffer financial losses relating to remediation, damage to our reputation or brands, loss of intellectual property, or penalties or litigation related to violation of data privacy laws and regulations. We are pursuing a transformation agenda with the goals of focusing our portfolio, improving our cost structure and operating model, and accelerating our growth. If we do not achieve these objectives or do not implement transformation in a way that minimizes disruptions to our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We must hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We compete to hire new personnel in the many countries in which we manufacture and market our products and then to develop and retain their skills and competencies. Unplanned turnover or failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or to hire and retain a diverse global workforce with the skills and in the locations we need to operate and grow our business could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness.