Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks. We use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. Our enterprise risk management program is designed to mitigate material risks and loss to the company. We have developed and continue to develop our risk management policies and procedures to reflect the ongoing review of our risks and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our policies and procedures may not be comprehensive and may not identify every risk to which we are exposed. Many of our methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior to model or project potential future exposure. Business decisions based on incorrect or misused model output and reports could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We rely on sophisticated technologies to maintain the security of confidential and proprietary information. Our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyberattacks, or other computer-related penetrations. While we conduct due diligence, negotiate contractual provisions, and, in many cases, conduct periodic reviews of our vendors, distributors, and other third parties that provide operational or information technology services to us, the failure of such third parties' computer systems and/or their disaster recovery plans for any reason might cause significant interruptions in our operations. We also utilize various interest rate derivative positions to mitigate the risk that investment of premiums received and reinvestment of maturing assets over the life of the policy will be at rates below those assumed in the original pricing of these contracts. We continually monitor the reinsurance markets for the right opportunity to purchase additional coverage for our variable annuity business. The valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings. The changes in market factors, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity markets, can significantly impact the levels of both impairments and realized gains and losses on investments sold. The company's primary exposure within these segments is insurance risk. We expect our non-U.S. businesses to grow faster than our U.S. businesses and, over time, to become a larger percentage of our total business. We have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario. We also manage interest rate risk through proactive monitoring and management of certain non-guaranteed elements of our products, such as the resetting of credited interest and dividend rates for policies that permit such adjustments. Our investment portfolio is diversified across product, distribution, and geography, and we believe that our diversified business mix and geographically diverse business operations partially mitigate these risks.