Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to distribute our products to new and existing users, our ability to monetize our products, and our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building mobile and web applications that integrate with Facebook and our other products. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. The software on which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain, undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile ecosystem or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and the loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business. Our advertising revenue could also be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in user engagement, our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand, and changes to third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver or target advertising on mobile devices. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, including using technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating experience.