The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these applications and systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's applications and systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that the company's efforts to protect its data and systems will prevent service interruption or the loss of critical or sensitive information from the company's or the company's third-party providers' databases or systems that could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to the company. The company is also dependent on third parties, including suppliers, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for key aspects of its business including development, manufacture, and commercialization of its products and support for its information technology systems. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations to the company or the development of factors that materially disrupt the relationships between the company and these third parties could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company's research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing the company's research and development resources on candidates the company believes are capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers and delivering the maximum value of its approved medicines and vaccines through new indications and new formulations. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and must continue to launch new products each year to remain competitive. The company is also subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered by Congress and state legislatures. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products, and any events that adversely affect the markets for its leading products could have a material and negative impact on results of operations and cash flows.