Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. We perform the functions required to operate our different businesses either by ourselves or through agreements with third parties. We rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions. Our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. However, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur. We commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. Our businesses are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation. We maintain extensive controls to reduce the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud. Nevertheless, such risk cannot be completely eliminated. We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing privacy and data protection, which may differ, and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions. We are also subject to operational risks that may arise from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors, or from external events such as fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets. The interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. This may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, electrical outages, environmental hazards, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. Although we devote significant resources to maintaining and upgrading our systems and networks with measures such as intrusion prevention and detection systems, monitoring firewalls and network traffic to safeguard critical business applications, there is no guarantee that these measures can provide absolute security given the techniques used in cyber attacks are complex and frequently change. We expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. If one or more of these events occur, it could result in a security impact on our systems and jeopardize our or our clients', partners' or counterparties' personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our and our third party providers' computer systems.