We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems, and its components, including our data centers, to seamlessly provide clients with products and customer service. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, sabotage, and similar disruptions could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures or service outages at third-party internet providers. If disruptions, failures, or slowdowns occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology platform, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively may be adversely affected. We have experienced denial-of-service attacks and have implemented disaster recovery and business continuity plans; however, there is no assurance that we will be able to defend our systems against such disruptions in the future. Our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or if the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial. We rely on the accuracy and quality of third-party data and software products and depend on the ability and willingness of third-party data and software providers to deliver and support reliable products. If the data and software products from our suppliers have errors, are delayed, or become incompatible with future versions of our products, we may not be able to deliver our products and services. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the functionality provided by data or software that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively. We must continually introduce new products and services, enhance existing products, and effectively generate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services to remain competitive. Our ability to manage transitions to new or enhanced products and services is critical, as failure to do so could limit our ability to maintain or grow current revenues. Our growth strategy includes expanding and deepening our relationships with investment institutions worldwide and developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products. We believe that the success of our business depends significantly upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management, research, sales and marketing, operations, information technology, and other technical personnel. The development, maintenance, and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience, and ability of our highly skilled employees. Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to trillions of dollars in assets, and errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle. We continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of our products, and despite internal testing, our products may contain serious defects or malfunctions. If undetected errors exist in our products or methodologies, or if our products fail to perform properly, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, lost sales, delays in commercial release, and third-party claims. Our business is also subject to regulatory changes that could materially adversely affect our operations, including compliance with financial regulations and data privacy legislation, which may impact our ability to collect, manage, and use personal data.