Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Competition in the technology sector involves firms of varying sizes, from diversified global companies to small specialized firms, which may be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. An important element of our business model is to create platform-based ecosystems that enable diverse solutions, where establishing significant scale is necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. We face significant competition from firms providing competing platforms, applications, and services, and our business model competition is characterized by a growing variety of approaches, including proprietary software and open-source models. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks, as we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud strategies. The success of our cloud-based services depends on our ability to maintain utility, compatibility, and performance across various devices, enhance attractiveness to third-party developers, and ensure reliability and security of our services. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company in a mobile-first and cloud-first world, necessitating cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. We rely on data-driven insights for monetization opportunities, customer perceptions of quality, and operational efficiency. Our significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products and technologies may not achieve expected returns, and commercial success depends on factors such as innovativeness and effective distribution. Developing new technologies is complex and can require long periods, with significant delays adversely affecting our revenue. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into strategic alliances, which involve challenges and risks, including integration difficulties and the need to leverage these transactions to enhance existing products and services. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating, which may outpace our business policies and internal security controls. Security threats to our IT infrastructure can affect our customers and require continuous engineering of secure products and services. Additionally, the security of our products and services is critical to customer purchasing decisions, and we must enhance security features and improve deployment of software updates to address vulnerabilities. Our increasing reliance on cloud-based offerings requires robust operations infrastructure to maintain service quality and user experience, with potential disruptions from catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions. Our business depends on attracting and retaining talented employees, and the competitive market for skilled workers may impact our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services.