We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyber attack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access, or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber attacks and telecommunication failures. We are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems and those IT systems that we manage for our customers. The “attack surface” for us to protect against our adversaries is thus often extended to these partners and customers, as well as our suppliers, and we may be dependent upon their cyber security capabilities. We have experienced a gradual and steady increase in the sophistication of these threats, most noticeably through well-crafted social engineering and phishing attempts. Our company outsources certain business operations, including IT, which exposes us to additional risks as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. As we outsource more of our business operations, we are not able to directly control these activities. Our outsource partners may not prioritize our business over that of their other customers and they may not meet our desired level of quality, performance, service, cost reductions, or other metrics. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of our customers. The expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new and increased areas of risk that we have not been exposed to in the past. We plan to continue to expand our solutions and services business by offering additional and expanded managed services for existing and new types of customers. This involves the integration of multiple services, multiple vendors, and multiple technologies. Additionally, our managed services business will be expanded to include the hosting of software applications. We may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators and the defense industry as solutions and services contracts become larger and more complicated. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. Any system or network disruption could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We are currently in a transition services agreement to co-use these systems with Zebra until 2017, which limits our ability to make changes to these systems. We are planning to implement a new ERP system to replace pieces of the systems now owned by Zebra. If this implementation is delayed or introduces defective, improperly installed, or implemented computer code, it may result in a business disruption. As we have outsourced more of our business operations, we have increased our dependence on the IT systems of our outsourced business partners, which are not under our direct management or control. Any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between Motorola Solutions and the outsourced supplier may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products.