The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the U.S. and Europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Our industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. Increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity, listings, and demand for the products we offer, thereby adversely affecting our operating results. The liberalization and globalization of world markets have resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets, and more competition. Regulatory changes, such as MiFID, also have facilitated the entry of new participants in the European Union that compete with our European markets. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. In our technology operations, we have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms and in the rollout of our platforms. Although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms will justify the related investments. Our strategy continues to include identifying organic growth within our core business units and developing adjacent opportunities within our core businesses. We believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. If increased levels of market volatility persist, many of the asset classes within our market services segment and our data products business will continue to benefit. We expect this next-generation platform to contribute meaningfully to our order intake in the future. We recognize revenue from new listings on the Nasdaq stock market on a straight-line basis over an estimated six-year service period. As a result, a stagnant market for listings could cause a decrease in revenues for future years. We provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations, and central securities depositories around the world. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, and many other functions. The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. Specifically, we must complete the development of, successfully implement, and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability, and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. We must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected.