Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing, and related features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain memberships. If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite, and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the television set-top boxes of these service providers. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. Our business model is subscription-based, and we rely on the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict, or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our business.