We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. Accordingly, we also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may result in an inability to access or operate systems necessary for conducting operations and providing customer service, thereby impacting our efficiency and/or damaging our corporate reputation. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. The operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources. We have budgeted $240 million for the continued implementation of positive train control and expect post-2017 related property additions to total approximately $300 million. Technology and other investments of $110 million are planned for new or upgraded systems and computers. We also expect to spend $80 million on infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity and to accommodate business growth. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We may be affected by general economic conditions. Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. Economic conditions could also result in bankruptcies of one or more large customers. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and locomotives. In addition, workforce demographics and training requirements, particularly for engineers and conductors, could have a negative impact on our ability to meet demand for rail service. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads, and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations.