We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience difficulties implementing or maintaining our new enterprise resource planning system, which we intend to implement during 2017, which could potentially result in disruption to our normal accounting procedures and internal control over financial reporting, inaccuracies in the conversion of electronic data, difficulties integrating the systems and processes, additional costs to continue to refine the system's functionality, and disruption of our financial reporting process. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. We have in-house acquisition, portfolio management, asset management, real estate research, credit research, legal, finance and accounting, information technology and capital markets capabilities. Our strategy of primarily holding properties, long-term, directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. However, if our strategy, or one or more of the above assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized. Our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy and safeguarding of assets. Any failure of these internal controls could result in decreased investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, civil litigation or investigations by the NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of our executive officers and key employees could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and on our ability to pay the principal and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. We are exposed to various risks associated with debt and capital stock financing, including the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to make required payments on our debt. We also face variable interest rate risk as the interest rates on our revolving credit facility, our term loans and some of our mortgage debt are variable and could therefore increase over time.