We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our Oracle cloud strategy, including our Oracle software as a service (SaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS), and data as a service (DaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our on-premise enterprise software offerings and our cloud offerings, which has reduced and could continue to reduce our revenues and profitability. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. We have a reputation for secure and reliable product offerings and related services and have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. High-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses. Our products and services, including our Oracle cloud offerings, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data, external data, as well as our own data. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, security, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers, thereby improving their computing performance relative to our competitors. Our cloud and on-premise offerings provide a comprehensive and fully integrated stack of application, platform, compute, and storage services. We engineer our hardware products with virtualization and management capabilities to enable the rapid deployment and efficient management of cloud and on-premise IT infrastructures. Our cloud software and on-premise software segment engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our cloud software offerings, including our cloud SaaS and PaaS offerings, and the licensing of our software for on-premise IT environments. We believe the comprehensiveness and breadth of our SaaS, PaaS, and on-premise software offerings provide greater benefit to our customers and differentiates us from many of our competitors that offer more limited or specialized software offerings. Our cloud IaaS segment provides infrastructure cloud services that are enterprise-grade, hosted, and supported within the Oracle cloud to perform elastic compute, storage, and networking services on a subscription basis. Our services business consists of consulting, advanced customer support services, and education services, which are designed to help our customers successfully architect and deploy our offerings. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our strategic emphasis on growing our cloud revenues has affected the growth of our cloud SaaS and PaaS revenues and our new software licenses revenues. We strive to renew our SaaS and PaaS contracts with existing customers and have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud and on-premise software and hardware products and services.