We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our customers. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel, and general business and economic conditions. We cannot be sure that our growth plans will be achieved. Our management's attention may be distracted, and we may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses. We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational, and other benefits. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, and natural disasters. We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. Our ability to satisfy our financial obligations could be limited by our level of indebtedness, which could increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain existing stores, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels. Our business involves the storage of personal information about our customers and team members. We have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales, or possible regulatory action. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. We cannot assure future growth will be achieved. Our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. If third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions and provide us with the merchandise we need, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be adversely affected.