Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the effective management of our information technology and financial infrastructure, which are critical for supporting our business growth and operational efficiency. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our products and services, which places significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. The growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and services to our existing end-customers is influenced by the budgeting cycles, seasonal buying patterns, and purchasing practices of end-customers, as well as changes in end-customer, distributor, or reseller requirements. The enterprise security market has grown quickly and is expected to continue to evolve rapidly, requiring us to accurately predict end-customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends. Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content, providing consistent security across the network, endpoint, and cloud. Our next-generation security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud, which enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their data while pursuing technology initiatives. Our recurring services revenue has grown significantly, driven by increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our ability to manage production and manufacturing-related costs, global customer service organization costs, inventory excess and obsolescence costs, and warranty costs is crucial for maintaining operational efficiency. We are also dependent on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and services will be limited. Our future performance depends on our ability to continue to attract, integrate, and retain qualified and highly skilled personnel, particularly in engineering and sales. The complexity of our platform necessitates a substantial reliance on our existing engineering personnel, and any failure to hire, train, and adequately incentivize our sales personnel could negatively impact our growth and operating margins. Our growth strategy is dependent, in part, upon increasing sales of our products to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, which involves risks that may not be present with sales to smaller entities. The timing and costs related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses or strategic partnerships are also significant factors influencing our operational flexibility and market responsiveness.