The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains protections to guard against such events. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted, or breached, it could result in a negative impact on the company's operating results and could also cause reputational damage, business disruption, or the disclosure of confidential data. The company is investing for future growth in Paccar's integrated powertrain, advanced driver assistance, and truck connectivity technologies, and additional capacity and operating efficiency of the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company launched its DAF Connect telematics system in Europe, which provides customers with fleet management data to enhance vehicle and driver performance. Customers can access information through a secure online service, enabling them to optimize vehicle utilization and uptime, reduce operational expenses, and enhance logistical efficiency. The company is investing in technology capabilities that are expected to support market share growth and reflect leadership in producing high-quality vehicles. The company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties, and operating environments. The company's financial services activities are funded primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. The primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company is enhancing its range of MX engines for 2017, which will deliver increased power and fuel efficiency and reduce operating costs for customers. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow, and access to the capital markets, along with periodic repatriation of foreign earnings, will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale, which are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base. The company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. The company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions.