The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We are exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property. Our operations depend on the retention of key executives and a skilled workforce. The loss or retirement of key executives or other employees, including those with the specialized knowledge required to support our generation, transmission and distribution operations, could result in various operational challenges. Our ability to market our generation output and acquire and hedge fuel and power are also dependent on our information technology systems as well as information technology systems owned and operated by third parties, such as ISOs and RTOs. Our and third-party information technology systems may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks or hostile technological intrusions involving domestic or foreign sources (including nation states and special interest groups) or inadvertent disclosure of company and/or customer information. Cybersecurity threats to our operations include disruption of the operation of our assets and the power grid, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor or customer information, general business system and process interruption or compromise, including preventing us from servicing our customers, collecting revenues or the ability to record, process and/or report financial information correctly, and breaches of vendors' infrastructures where our confidential information is stored. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience actual or attempted cyber-attacks on our information technology systems. However, none of these actual or attempted cyber-attacks has had a material impact on our operations or financial condition. If a significant cybersecurity event or breach should occur, we could experience disruptions to our business, property damage, theft of unauthorized access to customer or other information; experience significant loss of revenue or incur material costs for repair, remediation and breach notification and increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security measures; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation and reputational damage. The market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. While we maintain insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damage we experience. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon, among other things, industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of such financing depend on numerous factors including, among other things, general economic and capital market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, tax, regulatory and securities law developments, investor confidence in us and our industry, and the success of current projects and the quality of new projects. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact us. The power generation business has seen a substantial change in the technologies used to produce power. Newer generation facilities are often more efficient than aging facilities, which may put some of these older facilities at a competitive disadvantage to the extent newer facilities are able to consume the same or less fuel to achieve a higher level of generation output. The continued development of subsidized, competing power generation technologies and significant development of demand-side management tools and practices could alter the market and price structure for power generation and could result in a reduction in load requirements, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.