We outsource certain services to third parties in areas including transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas. Service performance issues with these CROS may adversely impact the progression of our clinical trial programs. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, which may result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data, supply disruptions, non-compliance (including with applicable legal requirements and industry standards) or reputational harm, with potential negative implications for our results. We continue to pursue a multi-year initiative to outsource some transaction-processing activities within certain accounting processes and are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization. These are enhancements of ongoing activities to support the growth of our financial shared service capabilities and standardize our financial systems. If any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of our enterprise resource planning system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations, including, among other ways, through a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. The success of our acquisitions will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer. Integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. We also may fail to generate the revenue growth for the acquired business that we expected at the time of entering into the transaction. Manufacturing problems, as well as any corrective actions and their operational implementation, could adversely impact the revenue we generate from products acquired and result in substantial unanticipated costs.