The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly (whether by planned upgrades, force majeure, telecommunications failures, hardware or software break-ins or viruses, or other cybersecurity incidents) and the company suffers any resulting interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business or if its products are affected, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2016 will increase 2017 operating income in the diversified industrial north American business and in the diversified industrial international business. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. If the company does not develop, or has difficulties or delays in the development of, innovative new and enhanced products and services, or fails to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, the company's revenues may be materially reduced and the company's competitive position could be materially adversely affected. The company is subject to risks relating to changes in the competitive environment in which it operates. The company's operations are subject to competition from a wide variety of global, regional and local competitors, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations by creating downward pricing pressure and/or a decline in the company's margins or market shares. To compete successfully, the company must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer service. The company has remained focused on maintaining its financial strength by adjusting its cost structure to reflect changing demand levels, maintaining a strong balance sheet and managing its cash. The company believes many opportunities for growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth, and fostering an entrepreneurial culture. The company further commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction.