Our performance depends on the uninterrupted operation of our facilities, which are becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to a natural disaster; power outage; labor dispute; or failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers using credit cards at our branded retail outlets. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety as we strive for zero incidents. We actively monitor and report these costs to senior management. Our operating and selling, general and administrative expenses were $5.9 billion in 2016, $6.0 billion in 2015 and $6.1 billion in 2014. We are committed to protecting the environment and strive to reduce our environmental footprint throughout our operations. Optimizing utilization rates at our refineries through reliable and safe operations enables us to capture the value available in the market in terms of prices and margins. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint-venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. The adoption of climate change legislation or regulation could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the refined products we produce. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations. Our operations present hazards and risks, which may not be fully covered by insurance, if insured. If a significant accident or event occurs for which we are not adequately insured, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of operational hazards and risks, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards and natural catastrophes, that must be managed through continual oversight and control.