We are in the process of implementing information technology (IT) solutions, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. We continue to implement comprehensive IT solutions that we believe will allow for the interface between functions such as accounting and finance, human resources, operations, and fleet management. Continued development and implementation of the IT solutions will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solutions are intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solutions. Additionally, the IT solutions may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solutions could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. We use technology in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We rely heavily on computer, information, and communications technology and related systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. Furthermore, in connection with our business, we collect and retain personally identifiable and other sensitive information of our customers, stockholders, and employees, all of which expect that we will adequately protect such information. Cyber-attacks and physical security risks, such as storms or other natural phenomena, IT solution failures, network disruptions, theft, and other breaches of data security, could disrupt our operations by causing, among other things, delays in the processing of transactions or the reporting of financial results or the unintentional disclosure of company information (including confidential or proprietary information). Cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism against us, our customers, and/or our vendors or other breaches of our data security could also cause service disruption or loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems, which could subject us to significant liabilities and cause damage to our reputation. Additionally, a significant theft, loss, misappropriation, or inadvertent release of customer, stockholder, or employee data by cyber-attack or otherwise could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines, and litigation. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing network security and internal control measures, there can be no assurance that the above events will not occur, and such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business growth could outpace the capability of our decentralized management infrastructure. We cannot be certain that our management infrastructure will be adequate to support our operations as they expand. For example, the ability to internally communicate, coordinate, and execute business strategies, plans, and tactics may be negatively impacted by our increasing size and complexity. A decentralized structure places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of our operating unit management. This contributes to the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting key business matters than we would in a more centralized environment.