Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. If we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results. We rely on supply chain vendors and third-party service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses. These vendors and service providers may be unable or unwilling to deliver on their commitments or may act in ways that could harm our business. We rely on supply chain vendors to deliver key products to the operations of our businesses around the world. Any event impacting a vendor's ability to deliver goods of the required quality at the location and time needed could negatively impact our ability to deliver our cruise experience. Events impacting our supply chain could be caused by factors beyond the control of our suppliers or us, including inclement weather, natural disasters, increased demand, problems in production or distribution and/or disruptions in third-party logistics or transportation systems. Interruptions to our supply chain could increase costs and could limit the availability of products critical to our operations. Our reliance on shipyards and their subcontractors to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs and to repair and maintain our ships exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. We rely on shipyards and their subcontractors to effectively construct our new ships and to repair, maintain and upgrade our existing ships on a timely basis and in a cost-effective manner. There are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build our new ships and, accordingly, increased demand for available new construction slots and/or continued consolidation in the cruise shipyard industry could impact our ability to construct new ships when and as planned. Our inability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity could have a significant negative impact on our future business plans and results of operations. We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market. We operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options including hotels, resorts, internet-based alternative lodging sites, and package holidays and tours. Our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include several major cruise lines. Our revenues are sensitive to the actions of other cruise lines in many areas including pricing, scheduling, capacity, and promotions, which can have a substantial adverse impact not only on our revenues but on overall industry revenues. Disruptions in our shoreside operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations. Our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located in Florida and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. Actual or threatened natural disasters or substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses, or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. We do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside operations or our information systems. As such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. A failure to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence could impair our operations or competitive position.