We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including reliance on information technology systems that support business processes and internal and external communications. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may result in the impairment of production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may provide access to our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, we rely on our collaboration with Bayer for commercializing Eylea, and our commercialization experience is still relatively limited. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities. Our ability to successfully commercialize Eylea will depend on maintaining effective IT systems to support our operations and manage our relationships with third-party payers, including Medicare and Medicaid. We are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight with respect to Eylea, and failure to maintain regulatory compliance could materially harm our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The commercial success of our products may also be adversely affected by guidelines or recommendations to healthcare providers that result in decreased use of our products. Our product candidates are delivered by methods that may not be as well received by patients, which could adversely affect their commercial success. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of our late-stage antibody product candidates, including Sarilumab and Dupilumab, and these costs will depend on the success of our research and development programs, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the continuation of our collaborations. We are also required to maintain our FDA registration and recognition by insurance companies and CMS to ensure reimbursement for our products. Our financial results may fluctuate based on the net sales of our marketed products and the scope and progress of our research and development efforts. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea, and we cannot predict whether our product candidates will generate material product revenues. The successful commercialization of our marketed products will depend on obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement for use of these products from third-party payers, which may not cover or adequately reimburse for use of our products, adversely affecting our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition.