Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties in attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information, classified information, or information relating to our employees, customers, and other third parties. Such attacks could result in disruptions to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. We have experienced cyber-based attacks and may continue to experience them going forward, potentially with more frequency. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from these potential attacks. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such attacks or other disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Additionally, we design, manufacture, and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis, and we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products required by the contract. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. We may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that our competitors will not develop competing technologies that gain market acceptance in advance of or instead of our products. The possibility exists that competitors might develop new technology or offerings that might cause our existing technology and offerings to become obsolete. Our business may also be affected by government contracting risks. Most of our government contracts are fixed-price contracts, which subject us to the risk of reduced margins or losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. We are now, and believe that we will continue to be, the subject of U.S. government investigations relating to certain of our U.S. government contracts. Such investigations could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines, or penalties. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, and changes in local government regulation. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, and information technology security systems to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient, and we may be the target of competitor or other third-party patent enforcement actions seeking substantial monetary damages. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.