We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution, administration and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. Our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, product development initiatives and designs. We have experienced frequent attempts to compromise our information technology systems. Such security breaches could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. We have invested in digital platforms, which focus on mobile and loyalty programs, reflecting the importance of these investments in creating business value. Our management team continues to align our leadership with our evolving businesses, including the development of our global roastery and Starbucks Reserve® branded stores. Our strategic initiatives are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value, and include delivering continued growth in our tea business through the Teavana brand and driving convenience and brand engagement through our mobile, loyalty and digital capabilities. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses in those respective markets as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. Our ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets. Our international operations are also subject to additional inherent risks of conducting business abroad, such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes or uncertainties in economic, legal, regulatory, social and political conditions in our markets, and the enforceability of intellectual property and contract rights.