The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Adverse changes in such conditions in the United States and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are the key competitive factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products. Our planned acquisition of Valspar may not occur at all, may not occur in the expected time frame or may involve the divestiture of certain businesses, which may negatively affect the trading prices of our stock and our future business and financial results. The success of future acquisitions, including the planned acquisition of Valspar, depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. Our obligation to complete the planned acquisition of Valspar is not subject to a financing condition. We have obtained committed financing for $9.3 billion to pay a substantial portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of Valspar. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information, whether through a breach of our computer systems, including cyber attacks, or otherwise, could severely harm our business. As part of our business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential personal information about our customers, employees and suppliers. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. Our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations.