The oilfield service industry is highly competitive, and our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, and disruption of our business operations. The continued low oil and gas prices have caused a reduction in cash flows for our customers, which has had a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of some of our customers. This has resulted, and may continue to result in, project modifications, delays and cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. Demand for the majority of our services depends substantially on the level of expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. These expenditures are generally dependent on our customers' views of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas. Our failure to comply with complex US and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We are subject to complex US and foreign laws and regulations, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Our ability to transfer people and products among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. Our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. The prices for oil and natural gas have historically been volatile and can be affected by a variety of factors, including demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by general economic and business conditions, and technological advances affecting energy consumption. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold.