The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The traditional electric operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company Gas face the risk of physical and cyber attacks against their respective generation and storage facilities, the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport energy, and their information technology systems and network infrastructure, which could negatively impact the ability to generate, transport, and deliver power or otherwise operate their respective facilities. The traditional electric operating companies, Southern Power, and Southern Company Gas operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to failures or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical or cyber attacks. If the traditional electric operating companies', Southern Power's, or Southern Company Gas' assets were to fail or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, they may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive data could be compromised. The Southern Company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas and other fuel supplies required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and Southern Power's electric generating plants or serve Southern Company Gas' natural gas customers. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power purchase fuel from a number of suppliers, and disruption in the delivery of fuel could limit their ability to operate certain facilities, resulting in higher fuel and operating costs. The energy industry is highly competitive and complex, and the Southern Company system faces increasing competition from other companies that supply energy or generation and storage technologies. Changes in technology may make the Southern Company system's electric generating facilities less competitive. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power are currently obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs). Market or competitive forces may require them to purchase capacity on the open market or build additional generation and transmission facilities. The inability to recover costs associated with these purchases or construction could negatively impact net income and cash flows. The Southern Company system's planning processes must look many years into the future to accommodate the long lead times associated with permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities. Inherent risk exists in predicting demand this far into the future, as future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including economic conditions and customer usage patterns. The ultimate outcome of regulatory proceedings and legal challenges related to compliance with environmental laws and regulations may also impact the financial condition of Southern Company and its subsidiaries. The Southern Company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and future changes in regulations could influence the operating environment and result in substantial costs. The financial condition, net income, and cash flows of Southern Company and its subsidiaries could be adversely affected by changes in regulations related to transmission planning processes and competition in the wholesale electric markets. Compliance with mandatory reliability standards may subject the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power to higher operating costs and increased capital expenditures.