Sempra Energy's businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses, or approvals could cause sales to materially decline and/or costs to materially increase, adversely affecting businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The operation of existing and future facilities involves many risks, including breakdown or failure of electric generation, transmission and distribution facilities, or natural gas regasification, liquefaction, and storage facilities or other equipment or processes, labor disputes, fuel interruption, environmental contamination, and operating performance below expected levels. The deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. New business technologies implemented by Sempra Energy or developed by others present a risk for increased attacks on information systems and the integrity of energy infrastructure. The company has not detected a material breach of cybersecurity to date, but addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across Sempra Energy's businesses. The effectiveness of risk management procedures may not always prevent material losses, and the operation of facilities depends on good labor relations with employees. The company faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. The ability to adapt to technological change may cause significant expenditures, and emerging technologies may be superior to or incompatible with existing technologies, investments, and infrastructure. The company must anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. The California utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal, and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect operations. The regulatory environment that applies to the electric power and natural gas industries has undergone significant changes, affecting the nature of these industries and the manner in which participants conduct their businesses. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) regulates the California utilities' rates and conducts various reviews and audits of utility performance, safety standards, and practices, compliance with regulations, and affiliate relationships. Changes in regulations, laws, and tariffs may have a material adverse effect on businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The company relies significantly on long-term debt to fund capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates may materially adversely affect businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The company is exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, which may materially adversely affect financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. The ability to recover costs incurred in connection with regulatory compliance and safety measures is subject to regulatory approval, which may not be granted. The company must also navigate complex government regulations and tax requirements, which may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or requirements or in their interpretation or implementation.