Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. The functionality, reliability, and speed of our digital channels and fulfillment options affect our ability to compete. We must provide our guests and team members digital tools that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing new technology, software, and processes to fulfill guest orders directly from our vendors and from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers. Providing flexible fulfillment options is complex and may not meet guest expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, and low-price or free shipping. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, our ability to compete could be adversely affected. Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels, and we must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, and maintain the privacy of guest data. A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence. We continually make significant technology investments that are intended to help maintain and update our existing computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. Our business is becoming increasingly reliant on technology investments, and the returns on these investments can be less predictable than building new stores. We are currently making significant technology investments to provide a consistent and improved guest experience across all sales channels and improve our supply chain and inventory management systems. If our capital investments in technology do not achieve appropriate returns, our competitive position and results of operations may be adversely affected. We must effectively manage our workforce and the concentration of work in certain global locations, as our labor costs represent our largest operating expense. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors. We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests, and if our fulfillment network does not operate properly, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks or delivery delays. Our technology initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired return or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. We rely on third parties to support our business, including portions of our technology development and support, and if we fail to properly manage those third parties, our reputation, sales, and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and encounter lost guest confidence. Our efforts to protect the security of information about our guests, team members, and vendors are critical, and failures in this area could lead to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation.