The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all of the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our substantial size imposes demands on effectively managing our complex operations and maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, systems, merchandising, store operations, distribution, and compliance. We rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, telecommunications systems, hardware, software, and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to source, plan and track inventory, to manage logistics, to generate performance and financial reports, to comply with regulatory requirements, and to operate our e-commerce sites. Our information systems, and the third-party systems we rely on, are also subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; system failures; computer viruses or malware; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors, or third-party service providers on which we rely. We must continue to hire, train, manage, and retain teams needed to support our customized and legacy systems effectively. Our approach to disaster recovery may not be adequate, and any compromises, interruptions, or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations. Compromise of our data security or that of third parties with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods or error, could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and decrease our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online, impacting our ability to attract and retain customers. Furthermore, failure to operate information systems and implement new technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability. We believe that building the brand reputation of our company and our retail banners is important to our continuing success. Our various marketing campaigns and other activities are based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities, so incidents involving us, our employees, our policies, the merchandise that we carry, or our industry more generally that erode trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and our business. We also face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry and for talent in various geographic markets. If we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development, and retain them, our growth could be limited, and our performance could be adversely affected. Our business depends upon our operations to continue to generate strong cash flow to supply capital to support our general operating activities, to fund our growth and our return of cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs and dividends, and to pay our interest and debt repayments.