We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. Our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. As a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. If the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in Europe, the U.S. or other key markets, are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. As part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. When we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. Our technology infrastructure is essential to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide services and support to customers, track customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. Our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. We rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide services and support to customers, track customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. Our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, focused research projects and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience.