Our businesses leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for transforming our business into a competitive force. We utilize technology resources to enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies, which is crucial for maintaining our competitive advantage in the health care market. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems, and regulatory standards. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations, necessitating effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We have recognized the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our information systems capability is vital for pricing our health care benefit products, providing effective service to customers, and reporting accurately our results of operations. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. The ability to accurately predict, price for, and effectively manage medical costs is critical, as relatively small differences between predicted and actual medical costs can result in significant changes in financial results. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, which can impact our operational flexibility and strategic decisions. Our relationships with health care providers and other constituents are essential to our business, and failure to maintain satisfactory relationships could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for transforming our business into a competitive force, and we recognize that our IT capabilities are crucial for supporting our business needs and enhancing our organizational effectiveness.