The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity payment and acceptance technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, crypto-currency, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, which necessitate that we anticipate, adapt to, or keep pace with new technologies to avoid harming our business and future growth. Our information security and processing systems, as well as those of our clients, merchants, and other third-party service providers, may experience damage or disruption from various causes, including cyber-attacks, which could compromise the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could reduce the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, and our revenue; negatively impact our brands and our competitive positioning; and limit the types of products and services that we offer, the countries in which our products are used, and the types of customers and merchants who can obtain or accept our products. As innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence, which could impact the efficient integration of Visa Europe and our ability to provide effective customer service. Our relationships with financial institution clients, acquirers, merchants, and other third parties are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple parties, which is critical to sustaining and growing these relationships. We depend significantly on these relationships to support our programs and services and compete effectively in the marketplace. Our success increasingly depends on our ability to engage in discussions with these parties to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. The competitive landscape is shifting as technology evolves, with new competitors emerging and existing clients and competitors assuming different roles, which could disintermediate us from transaction processing or the value-added services we provide. The risks created by new laws or regulations in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. We face intense competition in our industry, and as the global payments space becomes more complex, we must continuously innovate and enhance our technology capabilities to maintain our competitive advantage. Our IT capabilities, which encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, are essential for transforming our business into a competitive force. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical for achieving operational efficiency and enhancing firm performance. Our IT architecture must support our business strategies and work processes, ensuring that we can provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Failure to adapt to new technologies in the payments industry could harm our ability to compete and decrease the value of our products and services to our clients. Additionally, we must ensure that our technology infrastructure remains robust and secure to protect against potential breaches that could damage our reputation and business operations.