We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems makes such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. We have faced and will continue to face significant competition for these types of drugs, drug candidates and other technologies from a variety of other companies with interests in the specialty pharmaceutical marketplace, many of which have significantly more financial resources and experience in business development activities than we have. Our success will be dependent on our ability to successfully develop and ultimately commercialize drug candidates in therapeutic areas outside of cystic fibrosis, including drug candidates resulting from our internal research programs and drug candidates that have been or may in the future be licensed or acquired from third parties. Our long-term success and revenue growth will depend upon our ability to successfully develop new products. The results of clinical trials and findings from our nonclinical studies for these drug candidates, including toxicology findings in nonclinical studies conducted concurrently with clinical trials, could lead to abrupt changes in our development activities, including the possible cessation of development activities associated with a particular drug candidate or program. We expect that a significant portion of the value attributed to our company by investors is based on the potential of the combination regimens that we are developing for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Our ability to increase our revenues is dependent on our ability to increase our sales of our products, to maintain sales of existing products and to develop and commercialize additional products. Our operating expenses may increase due to, among other factors, additional investments to support or accelerate our research and development activities, the expansion of our organization, and/or costs associated with business development activities, including costs to acquire assets or programs, integration costs and the costs to develop drug candidates that are acquired. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems and the promotion of a culture of compliance. Our products are subject to continuing regulatory oversight, including the review of additional safety information. If we are unable to sustain our product revenues for any reason, such as safety or efficacy issues, the introduction or greater acceptance of competing products, changes in reimbursement policies of payors and other third parties, or adverse legal, administrative, regulatory or legislative developments, our ability to commercialize our products would be impaired and our financial position would be materially harmed.