We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. While we believe that we maintain appropriate information security policies, practices, and protocols, we face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. The age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets and our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud, or unethical conduct, could result in damage to our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability, or the loss of contracts, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including aging infrastructure and mechanical problems, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth, as we consider acquisition opportunities and engage in significant capital projects, which require sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks. We may not always have the necessary management capability or information management capability to execute our financing plan effectively, including the receipt of anticipated levels of proceeds from planned asset sales. Our ability to effectively execute our business strategy and maintain operational flexibility is influenced by our management skills, technology functionalities, and the strategic resource allocation of our IT capabilities. We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties, and our credit risk management will not be able to completely eliminate such risk, which could impact our operational efficiency and business performance. The competitive landscape in our industry requires us to leverage our IT resources and capabilities to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins, which is influenced by our operational capabilities and the technological deployment of our assets. The impact of existing and future laws, regulations, and the regulatory environment could also affect our information processing capacity and operational efficiency. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures, where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, which requires effective management of our technology portfolio and IT governance to ensure alignment with our business strategy. The transformation of our business processes and the integration of our technology capabilities are essential for achieving our organizational goals and enhancing our firm performance in a competitive environment.