We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption in both our information systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected. Our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the computer systems and operating systems on which they run, may be subject to cyber-attacks. Those attacks could involve attempts to gain access to the website or mobile commerce application to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our retail commerce websites and mobile commerce applications and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position. We constantly monitor developments in cyber threats, evaluate the effectiveness of our information security measures and change such measures or implement new and additional security measures from time to time to address new and different risks to the security of such information and to strengthen our protections for the information stored on our systems. We have substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, our information systems and the information stored on such systems. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our e-commerce business globally and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our investments in e-commerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our e-commerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings.