We depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. Failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We have implemented new business systems to support our operations, including an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to better integrate our manufacturing, financial, commercial and business operations, and may in the future implement new information systems. Transitioning to new systems, integrating new systems into current systems or any disruptions or malfunctions affecting our information systems could cause critical information upon which we rely to be delayed, unreliable, corrupted, insufficient or inaccessible. Any of these potential issues, individually or in aggregation, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Assuming we are able to implement new systems successfully, all information systems, despite implementation of security measures, are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access. If our information systems were to fail or be breached, such failure or breach could materially adversely affect our ability to perform critical business functions and sensitive and confidential data could be compromised. We may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites. The operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. Problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation. We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. Our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromise of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions. We have experienced threats to our data and information technology systems. To date, those threats have not had a material impact on our business operations or financial condition. However, although we devote resources to protect our information technology systems, we expect cyber-attacks to continue, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.