item 7:      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to facilitate an understanding of applied's business and results of operations. this md&a should be read in conjunction with applied's consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the cautionary statement set forth at the beginning of this form 10-k. md&a consists of the following sections:
•applied's pandemic response
•overview: a summary of applied's business and measurements
•results of operations: a discussion of operating results
•segment information: a discussion of segment operating results
•recent accounting pronouncements: a discussion of new accounting pronouncements and its impact to applied's consolidated financial statements
•financial condition, liquidity and capital resources: an analysis of cash flows, sources and uses of cash
•off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations
•critical accounting policies and estimates: a discussion of critical accounting policies that require the exercise of judgments and estimates
•non-gaap adjusted results: a presentation of results reconciling gaap to non-gaap adjusted measures applied's pandemic response applied materials' business has been identified by the u.s. department of homeland security as part of the critical infrastructure sectors that the federal government deems "essential to ensure the continuity of functions critical to public health and safety, as well as economic and national security" and that have "a special responsibility in these times to continue operations."
applied responded quickly to put in place precautionary measures to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities, everywhere applied operates in the world.
applied's top priority during the ongoing covid-19 pandemic remains protecting the health and safety of its employees and their families, customers and community. applied continues to maintain workplace flexibility such as working remotely where possible to reduce the number of people who are on campus each day. applied is keeping its critical labs and operations active and continuing to support customers. in the interest of public health, all onsite operations are utilizing the minimum number of people to safely execute tasks and following enhanced safety and health protocols-including screenings, social distancing, and use of personal protective equipment.
applied has a multi-phase plan to return to working on-site, which takes into consideration factors such as applied's business needs, local government regulations, community case trends, and recommendation from public health officials. the plan involves multiple phases that gradually allow additional workers to return onsite while practicing social distancing and other safety measures.
applied materials is committed to helping those most impacted by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. in regions around the world, applied and its foundation are addressing immediate humanitarian needs while investing resources to combat the long-term effect of the virus on the nonprofit organizations in its communities. applied has shared masks and equipment with medical facilities, provided blood analysis systems to medical professionals and sent emergency support to food banks.
applied will continue to monitor and evaluate the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and will work to respond appropriately to the impact of covid-19 on its business, its customers' and suppliers' businesses and its communities.
overview applied provides manufacturing equipment, services and software to the semiconductor, display, and related industries. applied's customers include manufacturers of semiconductor wafers and chips, liquid crystal and organic light-emitting diode (oled) displays, and other electronic devices. these customers may use what they manufacture in their own end products or sell the items to other companies for use in advanced electronic components. each of applied's businesses is subject to variable industry conditions, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on supply and demand for chips, display technologies, and other electronic devices, as well as other factors, such as global economic and market conditions, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes.
applied operates in three reportable segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a summary of financial information for each reportable segment is found in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements. a discussion of factors that could affect applied's operations is set forth under "risk factors" in part i, item 1a, which is incorporated herein by reference. product development and manufacturing activities occur primarily in the united states, europe, israel, and asia. applied's broad range of equipment and service products are highly technical and are sold primarily through a direct sales force.
applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic and memory markets, is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. the growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5g networks, smart vehicles and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. as a result, products within the semiconductor systems segment are subject to significant changes in customer requirements, including transitions to smaller dimensions, increasingly complex chip architectures, new materials and an increasing number of applications. demand for display manufacturing equipment spending depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next-generation mobile devices, and investments in new types of display technologies. while certain existing technologies may be adapted to new requirements, some applications create the need for an entirely different technological approach. the timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. in light of these conditions, applied's results can vary significantly year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter.
applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections; expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries; and growing its services business. applied's long-term growth strategy requires continued development of new materials engineering capabilities, including products and platforms that enable expansion into new and adjacent markets. applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements.
change
gross margin                          44.7    %                       43.7    %                       45.0    %                          1.0 points                  (1.3) points operating income                    $4,365                          $3,350                          $4,491                            $1,015                         $(1,141)
operating margin                      25.4    %                       22.9    %                       26.9    %                          2.5 points                  (4.0) points net income                          $3,619                          $2,706                          $3,038                              $913                         $(332)
fiscal 2018 included a one-time expense related to the enactment of u.s. income tax law that reduced diluted earnings per share by $1.08.
during fiscal 2020, covid-19 was designated a pandemic and the resulting restrictions put in place worldwide impacted applied's supply chains and manufacturing operations. the semiconductor industry was deemed to be part of a u.s. critical infrastructure sector, allowing applied to continue operations, while ensuring compliance with orders and restrictions imposed by government authorities by putting additional precautionary measures in place to keep its workplaces healthy and safe, everywhere applied operates in the world.
even with the unprecedented challenges faced during the pandemic, semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions during fiscal 2020. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 led by customer investment in advanced foundry-logic nodes. spending by memory customers increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, as the market began to recover from excess supply and inventory levels and customers invested in new technology development. applied saw continued growth in its services business in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 driven by an increase in the installed base of equipment and in long-term service agreements. applied's display and adjacent markets revenue declined slightly in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, due to weak demand for display manufacturing equipment for tvs.
in response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and evolving conditions and worldwide response, applied made adjustments to its global operations and continues to see recovery within its supply chain and strong demand from semiconductor customers. however, the situation remains fluid and uncertain. applied is actively managing its responses in collaboration with its employees, customers and suppliers. for additional risks associated with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, see the risk factor entitled "the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and global measures taken in response thereto have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, applied's operations and financial results" in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
results of operations net sales net sales for the periods indicated were as follows:
change
semiconductor systems                 $11,367                     66%                                 $9,027                     62%                                $10,577                     63%                     26      %                   (15)      %
applied global services                 4,155                     24%                                  3,854                     26%                                  3,754                     22%                      8      %                      3      %
display and adjacent markets            1,607                      9%                                  1,651                     11%                                  2,298                     14%                    (3)      %                   (28)      %
net sales in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 increased primarily due to increased customer investments in semiconductor equipment and spending on services. net sales in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 decreased primarily due to decreased customer investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment. the semiconductor systems segment continued to represent the largest contributor of net sales.
net sales by geographic region, determined by the location of customers' facilities to which products were shipped, were as follows:
change
the changes in net sales in all regions in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor equipment spending. the increase in net sales to customers in china, taiwan and korea for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily due to increased investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment and customer spending on comprehensive service agreements. the increase in china was partially offset by a decrease in customer spending in display manufacturing equipment. the decrease in net sales to customers in japan and united states for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily reflected a decrease in investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment. the decrease in net sales to customers in southeast asia and europe for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily reflected a decrease in investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment and customer spending on legacy systems and spares.
the changes in net sales in all regions in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily reflected changes in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment spending and customer and product mix. the increase in net sales to customers in taiwan and united states for fiscal 2019 compared the prior year was primarily due to increased investments in semiconductor manufacturing equipment. the decrease in net sales to customers in all other regions for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 primarily reflected a decrease in investments in semiconductor and display manufacturing equipment.
change
gross margin            44.7   %                43.7   %                45.0   %               1.0 points                       (1.3) points gross margin in fiscal 2020 increased compared to fiscal 2019 year primarily due to the increase in net sales and favorable changes in customer and product mix, partially offset by higher freight costs, and higher personnel costs due to increase in headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, underutilization of headcount due to covid-19 restrictions preventing travel to customer site and incremental employee compensation related to the covid-19 pandemic. gross margin in fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018, primarily due to the decrease in net sales and unfavorable changes in customer and product mix.
gross margin during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 included $103 million, $89 million and $87 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
research, development and engineering research, development and engineering (rd&e) expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change
research, development and engineering           $2,234                  $2,054                  $2,022               $180                          $32
applied's future operating results depend to a considerable extent on its ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product, which typically has a shorter development cycle, or a new product, which typically has a longer development cycle. most of applied's existing products resulted from internal development activities and innovations involving new technologies, materials and processes. in certain instances, applied acquires technologies, either in existing or new product areas, to complement its existing technology capabilities and to reduce time to market.
management believes that it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in rd&e to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in rd&e in order to continue to offer new products and technologies.
applied continued its rd&e investments across semiconductor systems and display and adjacent markets on the development of new unit process systems and integrated materials solutions. areas of investment include etch, deposition, inspection, patterning, packaging and other technologies to improve chip performance, power, area, cost and time-to-market. in display and adjacent markets, rd&e investments were focused on expanding the company's market opportunity with new display technologies.
the increases in rd&e expenses during fiscal 2020 compared fiscal 2019 were primarily due to additional headcount and higher expense associated with share-based compensation and variable compensation. rd&e expenses increased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to the prior year primarily due to additional headcount and increased research and development spending in semiconductor systems and display and adjacent market segments. these increases reflect applied's ongoing investments in product development initiatives, consistent with the company's growth strategy. applied continued to prioritize existing rd&e investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies.
rd&e expense during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 included $116 million, $99 million and $96 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
marketing and selling marketing and selling expenses for the periods indicated were as follows:
change
marketing and selling            $526                  $521                  $521               $5                            $-
marketing and selling expenses remained relatively flat in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 and 2018. marketing and selling expenses for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018 included $36 million, $31 million and $31 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
change
g&a expenses during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 included $52 million, $44 million and $44 million, respectively, of share-based compensation expense.
change
interest and other income, net primarily includes interest earned on cash and investments, realized gains or losses on sales of securities and impairment of strategic investments. effective the first quarter of fiscal 2019, unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as equity investments are recognized in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. prior to the adoption of accounting standards update (asu) 2016-01 financial instruments-overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, these unrealized gains and temporary losses were included within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of any related tax effect. interest and other income, net in fiscal 2020 decreased compared to fiscal 2019, primarily driven by lower interest income and a loss on early extinguishment of debt. in addition, unrealized gains on equity investment securities from investments during fiscal 2020 was lower compared to fiscal 2019. interest and other income, net in fiscal 2019 increased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily driven by unrealized gains on equity investment securities.
change
effective income tax rate           13.1   %                  17.2   %                    30.9   %               (4.1)         points               (13.7)        points applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes in income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
on june 14, 2019, the u.s. government released regulations that significantly affect how the global intangible low-taxed income (gilti) provision of the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act) is interpreted. as a result, applied reversed a tax benefit of $96 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2019 that had been realized in the first half of fiscal 2019. an accounting policy may be selected to treat gilti temporary differences in taxable income either as a current-period expense when incurred (period cost method) or factor such amounts into the measurement of deferred taxes (deferred method). applied has chosen the period cost method.
on march 27, 2020, the u.s. government enacted the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (cares act). the enactment of the cares act does not result in any material adjustments to applied's provision for income taxes.
applied's effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was lower than fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decline in the tax expense from changes to uncertain tax positions year-over-year, an increased tax benefit from tax credits, and increased excess stock compensation tax benefits. this benefit was partly offset by an unfavorable settlement of an uncertain tax position in fiscal 2020.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was lower than fiscal 2018 primarily due to tax expense of $1.1 billion in fiscal 2018 for the transition tax and remeasurement of deferred tax assets as a result of the tax act. excluding the tax expense of $1.1 billion, the effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was higher than fiscal 2018 primarily due to certain provisions in the tax act becoming effective in fiscal 2019, tax expense of $87 million in fiscal 2019 related to changes in uncertain tax positions and the excess tax benefit from share-based compensation in fiscal 2019 being $42 million less than the prior fiscal year.
segment information applied reports financial results in three segments: semiconductor systems, applied global services, and display and adjacent markets. a description of the products and services, as well as financial data, for each reportable segment can be found in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the corporate and other category includes revenues from products, as well as costs of products sold, for fabricating solar photovoltaic cells and modules and certain operating expenses that are not allocated to its reportable segments and are managed separately at the corporate level. these operating expenses include costs for share-based compensation; certain management, finance, legal, human resource, and rd&e functions provided at the corporate level; and unabsorbed information technology and occupancy. in addition, applied does not allocate to its reportable segments restructuring and asset impairment charges and any associated adjustments related to restructuring actions, unless these actions pertain to a specific reportable segment.
semiconductor systems segment the semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips. semiconductor industry spending on capital equipment is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive electronics, storage, and other products, and the nature and timing of technological advances in fabrication processes, and as a result is subject to variable industry conditions. development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning and packaging performance as devices scale to advanced technology nodes.
semiconductor equipment customers continued to make strategic investments in new technology transitions during fiscal 2020. foundry and logic spending increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 led by customer investment in advanced foundry-logic nodes. spending by memory customers increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, as the market began to recover from excess supply and inventory levels and customers invested in new technology development. overall semiconductor systems revenue increased in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change
operating income           $3,714                      $2,464                      $3,441                      $1,250                          51     %               $(977)                               (28)      %
operating margin             32.7   %                    27.3   %                    32.5   %                                                5.4 points                                                   (5.2) points net sales for semiconductor systems by end use application for the periods indicated were as follows:
dynamic random-access memory (dram)          20   %             22   %             27   %
net sales for fiscal 2020 increased, in absolute dollars, compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher spending from foundry, logic and other customers. operating margin for fiscal 2020 increased compared to fiscal 2019, primarily reflecting higher net sales and favorable changes in customer and product mix and lower travel related spending due to covid-19 travel restrictions, partially offset by increased rd&e expenses, higher freight costs, higher personnel costs due to additional headcount to provide manufacturing capacity and flexibility, and incremental employee compensation related to the covid-19 pandemic.
net sales for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower spending from memory customers, partially offset by increased spending from foundry, logic and other customers. operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting lower net sales, unfavorable changes in customer and product mix.
in fiscal 2020, two customers each accounted for more than 10 percent of this segment's total net sales.
there was no single region that accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the semiconductor systems segment for any of the past three fiscal years.
applied global services segment the applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, including spares, upgrades, services, certain remanufactured earlier generation equipment and factory automation software for semiconductor, display and solar products.
demand for applied global services' service solutions are driven by applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, growing service intensity of newer tools, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements.
certain significant measures for the periods indicated were as follows:
change
operating income           $1,127                      $1,101                      $1,102                       $26                             2      %               $(1)                      -             %
operating margin             27.1   %                    28.6   %                    29.4   %                                               (1.5) points                                         (0.8) points net sales for fiscal 2020 increased compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher customer spending on comprehensive service agreements, semiconductor spares and legacy systems. operating margin for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 decreased primarily due to an increase in headcount to support business growth, underutilization of headcount due to covid-19 restrictions preventing travel to customer sites, higher freight costs and incremental employee compensation related to the covid-19 pandemic. in fiscal 2020, three customers each accounted for more than 10 percent of this segment's total net sales.
net sales increased slightly in fiscal 2019 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher customer spending for comprehensive service agreements and legacy systems, partially offset by lower customer spending on semiconductor spares. operating income for fiscal 2019 remained flat compared to the prior year primarily due to higher net sales, offset by higher expenses related to an increase in headcount. operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased slightly compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in headcount to support revenue growth.
there was no single region that accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the applied global services segment for any of the past three fiscal years.
display and adjacent markets segment the display and adjacent markets segment encompasses products for manufacturing liquid crystal and oled displays, and other display technologies for tvs, monitors, laptops, personal computers, electronic tablets, smart phones, and other consumer-oriented devices, equipment upgrades and flexible coating systems. the segment is focused on expanding its presence through technologically-differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale lcd tvs, oleds, low temperature polysilicon (ltps), metal oxide, and touch panel sectors; and development of products that provide customers with improved performance and yields.
display industry growth depends primarily on consumer demand for increasingly larger and more advanced tvs as well as larger and higher resolution displays for next generation mobile devices. uneven spending patterns by customers in the display and adjacent markets segment can cause significant fluctuations quarter-over-quarter, as well as year-over-year.
certain significant measures for the periods presented were as follows:
change
operating income             $291                        $294                        $574                   $(3)                            (1)     %               $(280)                             (49)      %
operating margin             18.1   %                    17.8   %                    25.0   %                                              0.3 points                                                 (7.2) points net sales for fiscal 2020 decreased compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to lower customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for tvs, partially offset by higher customer investments in display manufacturing equipment for mobile products. operating margin for fiscal 2020 increased compared to fiscal 2019, reflecting favorable changes in customer and product mix and lower travel related spending due to covid-19 travel restrictions. in fiscal 2020, four customers each accounted for at least 10 percent of this segment's net sales, and together they accounted for approximately 74 percent of this segment's total net sales, with one customer accounting for approximately 32 percent of net sales.
net sales for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower customer investments in mobile and tv display manufacturing equipment. operating income and operating margin for fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018, reflecting lower net sales and unfavorable changes in customer and product mix.
the following region accounted for at least 30 percent of total net sales for the display and adjacent markets segment for one or more of the periods presented:
change
recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on applied's consolidated financial statements, see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources applied's cash, cash equivalents and investments consist of the following:
sources and uses of cash a summary of cash provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities is as follows:
cash provided by operating activities                 $3,804                    $3,247                         $3,787
operating activities cash from operating activities for fiscal 2020 was $3.8 billion, which reflects net income adjusted for the effect of non-cash charges and changes in working capital components. non-cash charges included depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and deferred income taxes. cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher net income and better cash collections. cash provided from operating activities in fiscal 2019 decreased compared to fiscal 2018 due to lower net income, cash collections, change in income taxes payable and higher payments to suppliers, offset by a decrease in inventories.
applied has agreements with various financial institutions to sell accounts receivable and discount promissory notes from selected customers. applied sells its accounts receivable without recourse. applied, from time to time, also discounts letters of credit issued by customers through various financial institutions. the discounting of letters of credit depends on many factors, including the willingness of financial institutions to discount the letters of credit and the cost of such arrangements. applied sold $1.2 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of accounts receivable during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. applied discounted letters of credit issued by customers of $105 million, $48 million and $37 million in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. there was no discounting of promissory notes in each of fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018.
applied's working capital was $8.9 billion at october 25, 2020 and $5.8 billion at october 27, 2019.
days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 was 57 days, 61 days, and 58 days, respectively. days sales outstanding varies due to the timing of shipments and payment terms. the decrease in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2020 was primarily due to higher accounts receivable factoring and favorable revenue linearity compared to the end of fiscal 2019. the increase in days sales outstanding at the end of fiscal 2019 compared to the end of fiscal 2018 was primarily due to lower factoring of accounts receivable.
investing activities applied used $130 million and $443 million of cash in investing activities in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. applied generated $571 million in cash from investing activities in fiscal 2018. capital expenditures in fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $422 million, $441 million and $622 million, respectively. capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 were primarily for investments in demonstration and testing equipment, real property acquisitions and improvements, and network equipment. capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily for real property acquisitions and improvements in north america and taiwan, as well as investments in demonstration, testing and laboratory tools. proceeds from sales and maturities of investments, net of purchase of investments were $399 million, $26 million and $1.2 billion for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. investing activities also included investments in technology to allow applied to access new market opportunities or emerging technologies.
applied's investment portfolio consists principally of investment grade money market mutual funds, u.s. treasury and agency securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as equity securities. applied regularly monitors the credit risk in its investment portfolio and takes appropriate measures, which may include the sale of certain securities, to manage such risks prudently in accordance with its investment policies.
financing activities applied used $1.3 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2020, consisting primarily of the repayment of $1.4 billion senior notes, repurchases of common stock of $649 million, cash dividends to stockholders of $787 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $172 million, offset by net proceeds received from the issuance of senior unsecured notes of $1.5 billion and proceeds from common stock issuances of $174 million.
applied used $3.1 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2019, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $2.4 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $771 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $86 million, offset by proceeds from common stock issuances of $145 million.
applied used $5.9 billion of cash in financing activities in fiscal 2018, consisting primarily of repurchases of common stock of $5.3 billion, cash dividends to stockholders of $605 million and tax withholding payments for vested equity awards of $164 million, offset by proceeds from common stock issuances of $124 million.
in february 2018, the board of directors approved a common stock repurchase program authorizing up to an aggregate of $6.0 billion in repurchases. at october 25, 2020, $1.3 billion remained available for future stock repurchases under this repurchase program.
during fiscal 2020, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.21 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.22 per share. during fiscal 2019, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and three quarterly cash dividends of $0.21 per share. during fiscal 2018, applied's board of directors declared one quarterly cash dividend of 0.10 per share and three quarterly cash dividends in the amount of $0.20 per share. dividends paid during fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 amounted to $787 million, $771 million and $605 million, respectively. applied currently anticipates that cash dividends will continue to be paid on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on applied's financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination by the board of directors that cash dividends are in the best interests of applied's stockholders.
applied has credit facilities for unsecured borrowings in various currencies of up to $1.6 billion, of which $1.5 billion is comprised of a committed revolving credit agreement (revolving credit agreement) with a group of banks. applied entered into the revolving credit agreement in february 2020, which replaced applied's prior $1.5 billion revolving credit agreement that was scheduled to expire in september 2021. the revolving credit agreement includes a provision under which applied may request an increase in the amount of the facility of up to $500 million for a total commitment of no more than $2.0 billion, subject to the receipt of commitments from one or more lenders for any such increase and other customary conditions. the revolving credit agreement is scheduled to expire in february 2025, unless extended as permitted under the revolving credit agreement. the revolving credit agreement provides for borrowings in united states dollars that bear interest for each advance at one of two rates selected by applied, plus an applicable margin, which varies according to applied's public debt credit ratings. the revolving credit agreement includes financial and other covenants with which applied was in compliance as of october 25, 2020.
in march 2020, applied borrowed the full $1.5 billion available under the revolving credit agreement in order to increase its cash position and preserve financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty in the global markets resulting from the covid-19 outbreak. in may 2020, applied repaid the full $1.5 billion of borrowings under the revolving credit agreement. applied may at any time and from time to time, borrow, repay and reborrow under the revolving credit agreement during the term of the facility. the interest rate for the march 2020 borrowing under the revolving credit agreement was one-month libor plus a margin of 0.875%, based on applied's public debt credit ratings.
remaining credit facilities in the amount of approximately $76 million are with japanese banks. applied's ability to borrow under these facilities is subject to bank approval at the time of the borrowing request, and any advances will be at rates indexed to the banks' prime reference rate denominated in japanese yen.
in august 2019, applied entered into a term loan credit agreement with a group of lenders. under the agreement, the lenders have committed to make an unsecured term loan to applied of up to $2.0 billion to finance in part applied's planned acquisition of all outstanding shares of kokusai electric, to pay related transaction fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. the commitments of the lenders to make the term loan will terminate if the transactions contemplated by the share purchase agreement are not consummated on or before december 30, 2020. the term loan, if advanced, will bear interest at one of two rates selected by applied, plus an applicable margin, which varies according to applied's public debt credit ratings, and must be repaid in full on the third anniversary of the funding date of the term loan.
no amounts were outstanding under any of these facilities at both october 25, 2020 and october 27, 2019.
applied has a short-term commercial paper program under which applied may issue unsecured commercial paper notes of up to a total amount $1.5 billion. as of october 25, 2020, applied did not have any commercial paper outstanding but may issue commercial paper notes under this program from time to time in the future. the commercial paper program is backstopped by the revolving credit agreement and borrowings under the revolving credit agreement reduce the amount of commercial paper notes applied can issue.
in may 2020, applied issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 1.750% senior unsecured notes due 2030 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.750% senior unsecured notes due 2050, in a registered public offering. in june 2020, applied used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to redeem the outstanding $600 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2.625% senior unsecured notes due october 1, 2020 and $750 million in aggregate principal amount of its 4.300% senior unsecured notes due june 15, 2021, at a total aggregate redemption price of $1.4 billion. as a result, applied recognized a $33 million loss on early extinguishment of these senior unsecured notes.
applied had senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.5 billion outstanding as of october 25, 2020. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional discussion of existing debt. applied may seek to refinance its existing debt and may incur additional indebtedness depending on applied's capital requirements and the availability of financing.
others on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (tax act). the tax act requires a one-time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. for fiscal 2018, applied realized tax expense of $1.1 billion associated with the tax act, primarily due to the transition tax. the transition tax expense is payable in installments over eight years, with eight percent due in each of the first five years starting with fiscal 2018. as of october 25, 2020, applied had $857 million of total payments remaining, payable in installments in the next six years. before the tax act, u.s. income tax had not been provided for certain unrepatriated earnings that were considered indefinitely reinvested. income tax is now provided for all unrepatriated earnings.
although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of factors such as those discussed above, applied's management believes that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and borrowing capability, will be sufficient to satisfy applied's liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. for further details regarding applied's operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows in this report.
for details on standby letters of credit, guarantee instruments and other agreements with banks, see off-balance sheet arrangements below.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, applied provides standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either applied or its subsidiaries. these include agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements. as of october 25, 2020, the maximum potential amount of future payments that applied could be required to make under these guarantee agreements was approximately $233 million. applied has not recorded any liability in connection with these guarantee agreements beyond that required to appropriately account for the underlying transaction being guaranteed. applied does not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid under these guarantee agreements.
applied also has agreements with various banks to facilitate subsidiary banking operations worldwide, including overdraft arrangements, issuance of bank guarantees, and letters of credit. as of october 25, 2020, applied has provided parent guarantees to banks for approximately $153 million to cover these arrangements.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes applied's contractual obligations as of october 25, 2020:
operating lease obligations                                    271                       68                      103                       75                       25
income tax from change in u.s. tax laws                        857                       82                      163                      357                      255
represents the transition tax liability associated with the deemed repatriation of accumulated foreign earnings as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act into law on december 22, 2017.
represents applied's agreements to purchase goods and services consisting of applied's outstanding purchase orders for goods and services.
other long-term liabilities in the table do not include pension, postretirement and deferred compensation plans due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments. applied evaluates the need to make contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans after considering the funded status of the plans, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets and related tax consequences. payments to the plans would be dependent on these factors and could vary across a wide range of amounts and time periods. payments for deferred compensation plans are dependent on activity by participants, making the timing of payments uncertain. information on applied's pension, postretirement benefit and deferred compensation plans is presented in note 14, employee benefit plans, of the consolidated financial statements.
applied's other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets include deferred income tax liabilities, gross unrecognized tax benefits and related gross interest and penalties. as of october 25, 2020, the gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits that was not expected to result in payment of cash within one year was $485 million. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions that were not expected to result in payment of cash within one year of october 25, 2020 was $74 million. at this time, applied is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies.
a critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of applied's consolidated financial statements and that requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on applied's financial condition or results of operations. specifically, these policies have the following attributes: (1) applied is required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and (2) different estimates applied could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on applied's financial condition or results of operations.
estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. applied bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as applied's operating environment changes. these changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. in addition, management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within its control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. these uncertainties include those discussed in part i, item 1a, "risk factors." based on a critical assessment of its accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes that applied's consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, and provide a meaningful presentation of applied's financial condition and results of operations.
management believes that the following are critical accounting policies and estimates:
revenue recognition applied recognizes revenue when promised goods or services (performance obligations) are transferred to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which applied expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. applied performs the following five steps to determine when to recognize revenue: (1) identification of the contract(s) with customers, (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determination of the transaction price, (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied. management uses judgment to identify performance obligations within a contract and to determine whether multiple promised goods or services in a contract should be accounted for separately or as a group. judgment is also used in interpreting commercial terms and determining when transfer of control occurs. moreover, judgment is used to estimate the contract's transaction price and allocate it to each performance obligation. any material changes in the identification of performance obligations, determination and allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations, and determination of when transfer of control occurs to the customer, could impact the timing and amount of revenue recognition, which could have a material effect on applied's financial condition and results of operations.
warranty costs applied provides for the estimated cost of warranty when revenue is recognized. estimated warranty costs are determined by analyzing specific product, current and historical configuration statistics and regional warranty support costs. applied's warranty obligation is affected by product and component failure rates, material usage and labor costs incurred in correcting product failures during the warranty period. as applied's customer engineers and process support engineers are highly trained and deployed globally, labor availability is a significant factor in determining labor costs. the quantity and availability of critical replacement parts is another significant factor in estimating warranty costs. unforeseen component failures or exceptional component performance can also result in changes to warranty costs. if actual warranty costs differ substantially from applied's estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
allowance for doubtful accounts applied maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. this allowance is based on historical experience, credit evaluations, specific customer collection history and any customer-specific issues applied has identified. changes in circumstances, such as an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer's ability to meet its financial obligation to applied or its payment trends, may require applied to further adjust its estimates of the recoverability of amounts due to applied, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
inventory valuation inventories are generally stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out (fifo) basis. the carrying value of inventory is reduced for estimated obsolescence by the difference between its cost and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand. applied evaluates the inventory carrying value for potential excess and obsolete inventory exposures by analyzing historical and anticipated demand. in addition, inventories are evaluated for potential obsolescence due to the effect of known and anticipated engineering change orders and new products. if actual demand were to be substantially lower than estimated, additional adjustments for excess or obsolete inventory may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill and intangible assets applied reviews goodwill and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable, and also annually reviews goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives for impairment. intangible assets, such as purchased technology, are generally recorded in connection with a business acquisition. the value assigned to intangible assets is usually based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. if actual product acceptance differs significantly from the estimates, applied may be required to record an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of the reporting unit to its estimated fair value.
to test goodwill for impairment, applied first performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if it is concluded that this is the case, applied then performs the two-step goodwill impairment test. otherwise, the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required. under the two-step goodwill impairment test, applied would in the first step compare the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, applied would then perform the second step of the impairment test in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. if applied determines that the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, applied would record an impairment charge equal to the difference.
applied determines the fair value of each reporting unit based on a weighting of an income and a market approach. applied bases the fair value estimates on assumptions that it believes to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. under the income approach, applied estimates the fair value based on discounted cash flow method.
the estimates used in the impairment testing are consistent with the discrete forecasts that applied uses to manage its business, and considers any significant developments during the period. under the discounted cash flow method, cash flows beyond the discrete forecasts are estimated using a terminal growth rate, which considers the long-term earnings growth rate specific to the reporting units. the estimated future cash flows are discounted to present value using each reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital. the weighted average cost of capital measures a reporting unit's cost of debt and equity financing weighted by the percentage of debt and equity in a reporting unit's target capital structure. in addition, the weighted average cost of capital is derived using both known and estimated market metrics, and is adjusted to reflect both the timing and risks associated with the estimated cash flows. the tax rate used in the discounted cash flow method is the median tax rate of comparable companies and reflects applied's current international structure, which is consistent with the market participant perspective. under the market approach, applied uses the guideline company method which applies market multiples to forecasted revenues and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. applied uses market multiples that are consistent with comparable publicly-traded companies and considers each reporting unit's size, growth and profitability relative to its comparable companies.
management uses significant judgment when assessing goodwill for potential impairment, especially in emerging markets. indicators of potential impairment include, but are not limited to, challenging economic conditions, an unfavorable industry or economic environment or other severe decline in market conditions. such conditions could have the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates used for the fair value calculation, resulting in an unexpected goodwill impairment charge, which could have a material adverse effect on applied's business, financial condition and results of operations. see note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of goodwill impairment.
income taxes applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate are affected by the geographical composition of pre-tax income which includes jurisdictions with differing tax rates, conditional reduced tax rates and other income tax incentives. it is also affected by events that are not consistent from period to period, such as changes to income tax laws and the resolution of prior years' income tax filings.
applied recognizes a current tax liability for the estimated amount of income tax payable on tax returns for the current fiscal year. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also recognized for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent it is more likely than not that they are not expected to be realized.
applied recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized from such positions are estimated based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. any changes in judgment related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in applied's provision for income taxes in the quarter in which such change occurs. interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in applied's provision for income taxes.
the calculation of applied's provision for income taxes and effective tax rate involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with applied's expectations could have an adverse material impact on applied's results of operations and financial condition.
non-gaap adjusted financial results management uses non-gaap adjusted financial measures to evaluate the company's operating and financial performance and for planning purposes, and as performance measures in its executive compensation program. applied believes these measures enhance an overall understanding of its performance and investors' ability to review the company's business from the same perspective as the company's management and facilitate comparisons of this period's results with prior periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that management does not believe are indicative of applied's ongoing operating performance.
the non-gaap adjusted financial measures presented below are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses, including certain items related to mergers and acquisitions; restructuring charges and any associated adjustments; certain incremental expenses related to covid-19; impairments of assets, or investments; gain or loss on sale of strategic investments; loss on early extinguishment of debt; certain income tax items and other discrete adjustments. additionally, non-gaap results exclude estimated discrete income tax expense items associated with u.s. tax legislation. reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap are provided in the financial tables presented below. there are limitations in using non-gaap financial measures because the non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, may be different from non-gaap financial measures used by other companies, and may exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. the presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following tables present a reconciliation of the gaap and non-gaap adjusted consolidated results for the past three fiscal years:
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results
non-gaap adjusted gross profit reported gross profit - gaap basis                                                        $7,692                   $6,386                   $7,517
non-gaap adjusted gross profit                                                            $7,752                   $6,423                   $7,696
non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                                    $4,365                   $3,350                   $4,491
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                        $4,529                   $3,427                   $4,693
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                          26.3   %                 23.5   %                 28.1   %
realized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                           (1)                      (6)                     (25)
unrealized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                         (8)                     (30)                        -
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                          33                        -                            -
income tax effect of changes in applicable u.s. tax laws                                       -                     (24)                    1,112
resolution of prior years' income tax filings and other tax items                           (41)                       95                     (26)
income tax effect of non-gaap adjustments                                                   (35)                      (5)                      (7)
these items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets.
charges to income tax provision related to a one-time transition tax as a result of u.s. tax legislation.
adjustment to provision for income taxes related to non-gaap adjustments reflected in income before income taxes.
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results
realized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                             -                       -                  (0.02)
unrealized loss (gain) on strategic investments, net                                      (0.01)                  (0.03)                           -
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                                        0.03                       -                           -
income tax effect of change in applicable u.s. tax laws                                        -                  (0.03)                    1.08
resolution of prior years' income tax filings and other tax items                         (0.04)                    0.10                  (0.02)
weighted average number of diluted shares                                                       923                     945                    1,026
the following table presents a reconciliation of the gaap and non-gaap adjusted segment results for the past three fiscal years:
unaudited reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap adjusted results
semiconductor systems non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                              $3,714                   $2,464                   $3,441
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                  $3,778                   $2,507                   $3,624
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    33.2   %                 27.8   %                 34.3   %
ags non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                              $1,127                   $1,101                   $1,102
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                  $1,135                   $1,101                   $1,104
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    27.3   %                 28.6   %                 29.4   %
display and adjacent markets non-gaap adjusted operating income reported operating income - gaap basis                                                $291                     $294                     $574
non-gaap adjusted operating income                                                    $304                     $307                     $589
non-gaap adjusted operating margin                                                    18.9   %                 18.6   %                 25.6   %
1       these items are incremental charges attributable to completed acquisitions, consisting of amortization of purchased intangible assets.
note: the reconciliation of gaap and non-gaap adjusted segment results above does not include certain revenues, costs of products sold and operating expenses that are reported within corporate and other and included in consolidated operating income.