company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, bd medical ("medical"), bd life sciences ("life sciences") and bd interventional ("interventional").
covid-19 pandemic impacts and response a novel strain of coronavirus disease ("covid-19") was officially declared a pandemic by the world health organization ("who") in march 2020. in efforts to slow and control the spread of covid-19, governments around the world issued stay at home orders, travel restrictions as well as recommendations or mandates to avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine. many governments also instituted restrictions on certain businesses and their activities, particularly those that were deemed non-essential. these various measures led to a sudden and significant decline in economic activity within a number of countries worldwide. although the global economy has shown signs of recovery, current economic data indicates that full recovery has stalled in some major economies. as further discussed below, disruptions resulting from the ongoing covid-19 pandemic unfavorably impacted our results of operations in fiscal year 2020. while certain of our organizational units realized positive benefits to revenues from the pandemic, total consolidated revenues in 2020 were unfavorably impacted by an estimated net $600 million.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product market programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. as discussed above, current global economic conditions are highly volatile due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, pricing pressure exists globally which could adversely impact our businesses.
results of operations medical segment the following summarizes medical revenues by organizational unit:
life sciences segment the following summarizes life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
interventional segment the following summarizes interventional revenues by organizational unit:
our agreements with customers within certain organizational units including medication management solutions, integrated diagnostic solutions and biosciences, contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services noted above. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. the transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling price is the amount at which we would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. we generally estimate standalone selling prices using list prices and a consideration of typical discounts offered to customers. the use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.