item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those described in item 1a "risk factors" appearing elsewhere in this report. all foreign currency amounts that have been converted into u.s. dollars in this discussion are based on the exchange rate as reported by oanda for the applicable periods.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. a detailed discussion of 2018 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019.
executive overview fleetcor is a leading global provider of digital payment solutions that enables businesses to control purchases and make payments more effectively and efficiently. since its incorporation in 2000, fleetcor has continued to deliver on its mission: to provide businesses with "a better way to pay". fleetcor has been a member of the s&p 500 since 2018 and trades on the new york stock exchange under the ticker flt.
businesses spend an estimated $170 trillion each year. in many instances, they lack the proper tools to monitor what is being purchased, and employ manual, paper-based, disparate processes and methods to both approve and make payments for their purchases. this often results in wasted time and money due to unnecessary or unauthorized spending, fraud, receipt collection, data input and consolidation, report generation, reimbursement processing, account reconciliations, employee disciplinary actions, and more.
fleetcor's vision is that every payment is digital, every purchase is controlled, and every related decision is informed. digital payments are faster and more secure than paper-based methods such as checks, and provide timely and detailed data which can be utilized to effectively reduce unauthorized purchases and fraud, automate data entry and reporting, and eliminate reimbursement processes. combining this payment data with analytical tools delivers powerful insights, which managers can use to better run their businesses. our wide range of modern, digitized solutions generally provides control, reporting, and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses often used, such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee pay and reclaim processes.
our revenue is generally reported net of the cost for underlying products and services purchased through our payment products. in this report, we refer to this net revenue as "revenue". see "results of operations" for additional segment information.
impact of covid-19 on our business on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. the pandemic and these containment and mitigation measures have created adverse impacts on the u.s. and global economies and it is unclear how long the pandemic and related economic impacts will continue. the covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business operations in 2020 as described in more detail under "results of operations" below, due to a significant decrease in the level of business activity across industries worldwide, which reduced the volume of payment services provided to our customers and revenue generated beginning during the second half of march 2020 and continuing through the date of this report.
the covid-19 pandemic has had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our results of operations and liquidity; the operations of our suppliers, vendors and customers; and on our employees as a result of quarantines, facility closures, travel and logistics restrictions and general decreases in the level of consumer confidence and business activity. our business operations and results of operations, including our revenues, earnings and cash flows, have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by certain factors arising from the pandemic including, but not limited to:
•changes in business and consumer confidence and spending habits, including negative trends in our customers' purchasing patterns due to decreased levels of business activity, credit availability, high debt levels and financial distress;
•lower volumes of commercial trucking;
•reduction in the level of business travel;
•decreased productivity due to travel bans, work-from-home policies or shelter-in-place orders;
•slowdown in the u.s. and global economies, and an uncertain global economic outlook or a potential credit crisis; and table of contents
•customers experiencing financial distress or declaring bankruptcy, including seeking extended payment terms, which could create incremental credit loss expense.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the world economy and our customers, in particular, by restricting day-to-day operations and business activity generally, which adversely impacted our financial performance in 2020. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our business operations, financial results, and liquidity into 2021 will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the duration and scope of the pandemic; vaccine availability, distribution, efficacy to new strains of the virus and the public's willingness to get vaccinated; our response to the continued impact of the pandemic; the negative impact it has on global and regional economies and general economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates and business spending levels; its short- and longer-term impact on the levels of consumer confidence; the ability of our suppliers, vendors and customers to successfully address the continued impacts of the pandemic; actions governments, businesses and individuals take in response to the pandemic; and how quickly economies recover after the pandemic subsides.
we have taken steps to mitigate the potential risks related to the circumstances and impacts of covid-19. we have been focused on addressing these challenges with proactive actions designed to protect our employees, provide uninterrupted service to our customers, and meet our near term liquidity needs. such actions include, but are not limited to:
•safety: ensuring the safety of our approximately 8,400 employees worldwide, with the vast majority of our employees working from home;
•business continuity: ensuring that our systems and payment solutions continue to operate efficiently for our customers;
•liquidity: actively monitoring availability under our existing credit facilities;
•expenses: slowing discretionary sales and technology spending, and furloughing contractors; and
•credit: in select distressed verticals, tightening customer credit lines and payment terms, including closing inactive lines, reducing unused capacity, and reducing payment terms.
while we believe the covid-19 pandemic will continue to have an adverse effect on our revenues and earnings in 2021, we expect continued improvement throughout the year as economic activity recovers.
performance revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share. set forth below are revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions, except per share amounts).
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental non-gaap financial measures of operating performance. see the heading entitled "management's use of non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap. we use adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance on a consistent basis.
sources of revenue fleetcor offers a variety of business payment solutions that help to simplify, automate, secure, digitize and effectively control the way businesses manage and pay their expenses. we provide our payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers in more than 100 countries around the world today, although we operate primarily in 3 geographies, with approximately 87% of our business in the u.s., brazil, and the u.k. our customers may include table of contents commercial businesses (obtained through direct and indirect channels), partners for whom we manage payment programs, as well as individual consumers.
fleetcor has three reportable segments, north america, international, and brazil. we report these three segments as they reflect how we organize and manage our global employee base, manage operating performance, contemplate the differing regulatory environments across geographies, and help us isolate the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our financial results. however, to help facilitate an understanding of our expansive range of solutions around the world, we describe them in two categories: corporate payments solutions, which simplify and automate payments, and expense management solutions, which help control and monitor employee spending.
our corporate payments solutions are designed to help businesses streamline the back-office operations associated with making outgoing payments. companies save time, cut costs, and manage b2b payment processing more efficiently with our suite of corporate payment solutions, including accounts payable (ap) automation, virtual cards, cross-border, and purchasing and t&e cards. our expense management solutions (fuel, tolls, and lodging) are purpose-built to provide customers with greater control and visibility of employee spending when compared with less specialized payment methods, such as cash or general-purpose credit cards. fleetcor provides several other payments solutions that, due to their nature or size, are not considered within our corporate payments and expense management solutions.
revenues, net, by segment. the presentation of segment information has been recast for prior periods to align with our current segment presentation. for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, our segments generated the following revenue (in millions):
revenues,                       % of total                     revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                           net                    revenues, net north america                    $1,582                              66      %                  $1,709                              65      %
revenues, net, by geography and solution. revenue by geography and solution category for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions), was as follows:
revenue by geography*                           revenues,                       % of total                     revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                           net                    revenues, net united states                                $1,468                              61      %                  $1,595                              60      %
revenue, net by solution category*1                      revenues,                     % of total revenues, net                     revenues,                       % of total net                                                                        net                    revenues, net fuel                                                  $1,057                                      44          %                  $1,173                              44      %
1reflects certain reclassifications of revenue between solution categories as the company realigned its corporate payments solution, resulting in reclassification of payroll card revenue from corporate payments to other.
fuel solutions help businesses monitor and control fuel spend across multiple fuel networks, providing online analytical reporting to help customers managing the efficiency of their vehicles and drivers, while offering potential discounts off of the retail price of fuel. we generate revenue in our fuel solution through a variety of program fees, including transaction fees, card fees, network fees and charges, as well as from interchange. these fees may be charged as fixed amounts, costs plus a mark-up, or based on a percentage of the transaction purchase amounts, or a combination thereof. our programs also include other fees and charges associated with late payments and based on customer credit risk.
corporate payments solutions help streamline b2b payments for vendors and employees, both domestically and internationally. our corporate payments products include virtual card solutions for invoice payments, corporate card programs, a fully-outsourced ap automation solution, as well as a cross-border solution to facilitate customers making payments across differing currencies. in our corporate payments solutions, the primary measure of volume is spend, the dollar amount of payments processed on behalf of customers through our various networks. we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the third party for a given transaction, as interchange or spread revenue. our programs may also charge fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided.
our tolls solution is primarily delivered via an rfid sticker affixed to the windshield of a customer vehicle in brazil. this rfid enables customers to utilize toll roads, toll parking lots, pay for gas at partner stations and pay for drive-through food, via automated access and payment upon scan while remaining in the vehicle. in our tolls solution, the relevant measure of volume is average monthly tags active during the period. we primarily earn revenue from fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided. we also earn interchange on certain services provided.
lodging solutions provide customers, both workforce and airline/cruise line based, with a proprietary network of hotels with discounted room rates, centralized billing and robust reporting to help customers manage and control costs. in our lodging solutions, we define a transaction as a hotel room night purchased by a customer. we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the hotel for a given transaction and commissions paid by hotels. we may also charge fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided.
gift provides fully integrated gift card program management and processing services via plastic and digital gift cards to our customers. we primarily earn revenue from the processing of gift card transactions sold by our customers to end users, as well as from the sale of the plastic cards. we may also charge fixed fees for ancillary services provided.
the remaining revenues represents other products that due to their nature or size, are not considered primary products. these include payroll cards, fleet maintenance, food and transportation employee benefits related offerings, and telematics offerings.
the following table provides revenue per key performance metric by solution category for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions except revenues, net per key performance metric).*
table of contents as reported                                                                                  pro forma and macro adjusted3
2020                        2019                         change                   % change                     2020                        2019               change                             % change fuel
reflects certain reclassifications of revenue between solution categories as the company realigned its corporate payments solution, resulting in reclassification of payroll card revenue from corporate payments to other.
other includes telematics, maintenance, food, transportation and payroll card related businesses.
3 see heading entitled "managements' use of non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of pro forma and macro adjusted revenue by product and metric non-gaap measures to the comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap.
revenue per relevant key performance indicator (kpi), which may include transaction, spend volume, monthly tags, room nights, or other metrics, is derived from the various revenue types as discussed above and can vary based on geography, the relevant merchant relationship, the payment product utilized and the types of products or services purchased, the mix of which would be influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in our business, and the overall macroeconomic environment, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and fuel price spreads. revenue per kpi per customer may change as the level of services we provide to a customer increases or decreases, as macroeconomic factors change and as adjustments are made to merchant and customer rates. see "results of operations" for further discussion of transaction volumes and revenue per transaction.
sources of expenses we incur expenses in the following categories:
•processing-our processing expense consists of expenses related to processing transactions, servicing our customers and merchants, credit losses and cost of goods sold related to our hardware sales in certain businesses.
•selling-our selling expenses consist primarily of wages, benefits, sales commissions (other than merchant commissions) and related expenses for our sales, marketing and account management personnel and activities.
•general and administrative-our general and administrative expenses include compensation and related expenses (including stock-based compensation) for our executives, finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, legal and other administrative personnel. also included are facilities expenses, third-party professional services fees, travel and entertainment expenses, and other corporate-level expenses.
•depreciation and amortization-our depreciation expenses include depreciation of property and equipment, consisting of computer hardware and software (including proprietary software development amortization expense), card-reading equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles and buildings and leasehold improvements related to office space. our amortization expenses include amortization of intangible assets related to customer and vendor relationships, trade names and trademarks, software and non-compete agreements. we are amortizing intangible assets related to business acquisitions and certain private label contracts associated with the purchase of accounts receivable.
•other operating, net-our other operating, net includes other operating expenses and income items that do not relate to our core operations or that occur infrequently.
•investment (gain) loss, net-our investment results primarily relate to impairment charges related to our investments and unrealized gains and losses related to a noncontrolling interest in a marketable security, which was disposed in 2020.
•other expense (income), net-our other expense (income), net includes gains or losses from the sale of assets, foreign currency transactions, and other miscellaneous operating costs and revenue.
•provision for income taxes-our provision for income taxes consists primarily of corporate income taxes related to profits resulting from the sale of our products and services on a global basis.
factors and trends impacting our business we believe that the following factors and trends are important in understanding our financial performance:
•global economic conditions-our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the economy generally, in north america, brazil, and internationally, including the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic. factors affected by the economy include our transaction volumes, the credit risk of our customers and changes in tax laws across the globe. these factors affected our businesses in each of our segments.
•foreign currency changes-our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates; namely, by movements of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound, canadian dollar, czech koruna, euro, mexican peso, new zealand dollar and russian ruble, relative to the u.s. dollar. approximately 61%, and 60% of our revenue in 2020 and 2019, respectively, was derived in u.s. dollars and was not affected by foreign currency exchange rates. see "results of operations" for information related to foreign currency impact on our total revenue, net.
our cross-border foreign currency trading business aggregates foreign exchange exposures arising from customer contracts and economically hedges the resulting net currency risks by entering into offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. these contracts are subject to counterparty credit risk.
•fuel prices-our fleet customers use our products and services primarily in connection with the purchase of fuel. accordingly, our revenue is affected by fuel prices, which are subject to significant volatility. a change in retail fuel prices could cause a decrease or increase in our revenue from several sources, including fees paid to us based on a percentage of each customer's total purchase. changes in the absolute price of fuel may also impact unpaid account balances and the late fees and charges based on these amounts. we believe approximately 11% and 13% of revenues, net were directly impacted by changes in fuel price in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•fuel price spread volatility-a portion of our revenue involves transactions where we derive revenue from fuel price spreads, which is the difference between the price charged to a fleet customer for a transaction and the price paid to the merchant for the same transaction. in these transactions, the price paid to the merchant is based on the wholesale cost of fuel. the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel is dependent on several factors including, among others, the factors described above affecting fuel prices. the fuel price that we charge to our customer is dependent on several factors including, among others, the fuel price paid to the merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. we experience fuel price spread contraction when the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our customers, or the fuel price we charge to our customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel. the inverse of these situations produces fuel price spread expansion. we believe approximately 8% and 5% of revenues, net were directly impacted by fuel price spreads in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
•acquisitions-since 2002, we have completed over 80 acquisitions of companies and commercial account portfolios. acquisitions have been an important part of our growth strategy, and it is our intention to continue to seek opportunities to increase our customer base and diversify our service offering through further strategic acquisitions. the impact of acquisitions has, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our results of operations and may make it difficult to compare our results between periods.
•interest rates-our results of operations are affected by interest rates. we are exposed to market risk changes in interest rates on our cash investments and debt. on january 22, 2019, we entered into three swap contracts. the objective of these swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor benchmark interest rate. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor.
•expenses- over the long term, we expect that our general and administrative expense will decrease as a percentage of revenue as our revenue increases. to support our expected revenue growth, we plan to continue to incur additional sales and marketing expense by investing in our direct marketing, third-party agents, internet marketing, telemarketing and field sales force.
on january 13, 2021, we acquired roger, a global accounts payable (ap) cloud software platform for small businesses located in denmark, for approximately $40 million. this acquisition is not expected to be material to the financial results of the company.
2020 and 2019 acquisitions on november 30, 2020, we completed the acquisition of a fuel card provider in new zealand for an immaterial amount.
on september 17, 2020, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire associated foreign exchange (afex), a u.s. based, cross-border payment solutions provider, for approximately $450 million. the transaction is expected to close in 2021, subject to regulatory approval and standard closing conditions.
on august 10, 2020, we completed the acquisition of a business in the lodging space in the u.s. for an immaterial amount.
during 2019, we completed acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of approximately $417 million.
•on april 1, 2019, we completed the acquisition of nvoicepay, a provider of full accounts payable automation for business in the u.s. the aggregate purchase price of this acquisition was approximately $208 million, net of cash acquired.
•on april 1, 2019, we completed the acquisition of r2c, a fleet maintenance, compliance and workshop management software provider in the u.k.
•on july 3, 2019, we completed the acquisition of sole financial, a payroll card provider in the u.s.
•on october 1, 2019, we completed the acquisition of travelliance, an airline lodging provider in the u.s. the aggregate purchase price of this acquisition was approximately $110 million, net of cash acquired.
we report our results from our 2020 and 2019 u.s. acquisitions in our north america segment. we report our results from our 2020 new zealand acquisition and our 2019 u.k. acquisition in our international segment. we report our results from all 2020 and 2019 acquisitions from the date of acquisition.
dispositions during the third quarter of 2020, we sold a trading security investment for $53.0 million.
as part of our plans to exit the telematics business, we sold our investment in masternaut to michelin group during the second quarter of 2019. we impaired our investment in masternaut by an additional $15.7 million during 2019, resulting in no gain or loss when the investment was sold.
table of contents results of operations year ended december 31, 2020 compared to the year ended december 31, 2019
the following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of income and selected operational data for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 (in millions, except percentages)*.
year ended                    % of total                   year endeddecember 31,2019                    % of total                     increase                  % change december 31,                       revenue                                                                    revenue                   (decrease)
consolidated operating expenses:
processing                                                     596.4                           25.0     %                             530.7                               20.0     %                   65.7         12.4                  %
other operating (income) expense, net                          (2.0)                          (0.1)     %                               0.5                                  -     %                  (2.5)                              nm operating income                                               972.3                           40.7     %                           1,231.4                               46.5     %                (259.2)                     (21.0)    %
operating income for segments:
operating income                                              $972.3                                                               $1,231.4                                                        $(259.2)                     (21.0)    %
operating margin for segments:
*the sum of the columns and rows may not calculate due to rounding.
nm - not meaningful revenues, net consolidated revenues were $2,388.9 million in 2020, a decrease of $260.0 million, or 9.8%, from $2,648.8 million in 2019. consolidated revenues and organic growth declined primarily due to decreases in transaction volume as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment on 2020 revenue. organically, consolidated revenues were down only approximately 8%, due to the proforma impact of acquisitions and dispositions of $62 million.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our consolidated revenue for 2020 over 2019 of approximately $95 million. foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on consolidated revenues of approximately $112 million, due to unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates primarily in brazil, mexico and russia, and lower fuel prices had an unfavorable impact of $31 million. these decreases were partially offset by the impact of favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $48 million.
table of contents north america segment revenues, net north america revenues were $1,581.5 million in 2020, a decrease of $127.0 million, or 7.4%, from $1,708.5 million in 2019. north america revenues and organic growth declined primarily due to decreases in volumes as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. organically, north america segment revenues were down approximately 12%, which is higher due to the proforma impact of acquisitions and dispositions of $61 million.
this decrease was partially offset by the favorable impact of fuel price spreads. although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a positive impact on our north america segment revenue for 2020 over 2019 of approximately $17 million, driven primarily by favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $48 million, partially offset by lower fuel prices of approximately $30 million and the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates in canada of $1 million.
international segment revenues, net international segment revenues were $463.1 million in 2020, a decrease of $49.3 million, or 9.6%, from $512.4 million in 2019. international revenues declined primarily due to decreases in transaction volume as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and lower fuel prices. organically, international segment revenues were down approximately 8%. we believe unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $10 million and lower fuel prices of approximately $1 million had a negative impact on our international segment revenues for 2020 over 2019.
brazil segment revenues, net brazil segment revenues were $344.2 million in 2020, a decrease of $83.7 million or 19.6%, from $427.9 million in 2019. organic growth in our brazil segment was approximately 4%, which was offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. we believe unfavorable foreign exchange rates negatively impacted brazil segment revenues for 2020 over 2019 by approximately $101 million.
consolidated operating expenses processing. processing expenses were $596.4 million in 2020, an increase of $65.7 million, or 12.4%, from $530.7 million in 2019. increases in processing expenses were primarily due to a write-off of a significant customer receivable in our foreign currency trading business of approximately $90 million in the first quarter of 2020 and acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020 of approximately $26 million. these increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates of approximately $29 million and lower variable costs due to reduced sales volumes and expense reductions in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
selling. selling expenses were $192.7 million in 2020, a decrease of $12.1 million or 5.9% from $204.8 million in 2019. decreases in selling expenses were primarily due to lower commissions and other variable costs due to reduced sales volumes and the favorable impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates of approximately $8 million. these decreases were partially offset by expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020 of approximately $4 million.
general and administrative. general and administrative expenses were $374.7 million in 2020, a decrease of $32.5 million or 8.0% from $407.2 million in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to decreased discretionary spending, decreased stock based compensation expense of approximately $20 million, and the favorable impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates of approximately $10 million. these decreases were partially offset by the impact of acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020 of approximately $15 million and professional fees of $7 million over the prior year.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expenses were $254.8 million in 2020, a decrease of $19.4 million or 7.1% from $274.2 million in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $16 million and the impact of fully amortized assets of $16 million, partially offset by expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020 of approximately $10 million.
investment (gain) loss. investment gain of $30.0 million in 2020 relates to market value net gains recorded on an investment in a trading security, which we sold during the third quarter of 2020. in 2019, we recorded an impairment of our masternaut investment of approximately $16 million, which was then sold in 2019 at an amount approximating carrying value. this loss was partially offset by an approximate $13 million unrealized gain related to a marketable security investment.
table of contents interest expense, net. interest expense was $129.8 million in 2020, a decrease of $20.2 million or 13.5% from $150.0 million in 2019. the decrease in interest expense is primarily due to decreases in libor and lower borrowings on our securitization facility, partially offset by the impact of additional borrowings to repurchase our common stock. the average interest rates paid on borrowings under our credit facility, excluding the related unused credit facility fees and swaps was as follows in 2020 and 2019.
revolver line of credit a, b &amp; c usd borrowings                 2.12   %           3.96   %
revolver line of credit b gbp borrowings                            1.77   %           2.18   %
on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap contracts. the objective of these interest rate swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2 billion of variable rate debt, tied to the one month libor benchmark interest rate. during 2020, as a result of these swaps, we incurred additional interest expense of approximately $39 million or 1.94% over the average libor rates on $2 billion of borrowings.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and effective tax rate were $178.3 million and 20.2% in 2020, a decrease of $4.4 million, from $182.7 million and 17.0%, respectively, in 2019. included in the 2019 provision for income taxes was the reversal of a valuation allowance and remeasurement of the related deferred tax asset, due to the capital loss realized upon the sale of our masternaut investment that was carried back to when the u.s. federal tax rate was 35%, and also an impairment charge to this investment prior to disposal. excluding these discrete items, our income taxes and effective rate for 2019 would have been approximately $248 million and 23.0%, respectively. excluding these discrete items, 2020 reflects lower tax expense of $70 million and a lower effective rate compared to 2019, attributable primarily to lower book income and higher excess tax benefits related to share based compensation.
net income. for the reasons discussed above, our net income was $704.2 million in 2020, a decrease of $190.9 million or 21.3% from $895.1 million in 2019.
operating income and operating margin consolidated operating income. operating income was $972.3 million in 2020, a decrease of $259.2 million or 21.0% from $1,231.4 million in 2019. consolidated operating margin was 40.7% in 2020 and 46.5% in 2019. the decrease in operating income and margin were primarily driven by the write-off of a significant customer receivable in our cross-border payments business of approximately $90 million, decreases in volume as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, lower fuel prices of approximately $31 million and the negative impact of acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020. operating income was also negatively impacted by the unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates of approximately $50 million. the decreases in operating income and operating margin were partially offset by the favorable impact of fuel price spreads of approximately $48 million.
for the purpose of segment operating results, we calculate segment operating income by subtracting segment operating expenses from segment revenue. segment operating margin is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenue.
north america segment operating income. north america operating income was $547.9 million in 2020, a decrease of $206.6 million or 27.4% from $754.5 million in 2019. north america operating margin was 34.6% in 2020 and 44.2% in 2019. the decrease in operating income and operating margin was due primarily to the write-off of a significant customer receivable in our cross-border payments business of approximately $90 million, decreases in volume as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, lower fuel prices of approximately $30 million and the negative impact of acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020. these decreases in operating income and operating margin were partially offset by the favorable impact of fuel price spreads of approximately $48 million. additionally, the decrease in operating income was partially offset by favorable movements in foreign exchange rates of approximately $3 million.
international segment operating income. international operating income was $276.3 million in 2020, a decrease of $25.0 million, or 8.3% from $301.3 million in 2019. international operating margin was 59.7% in 2020 and 58.8% in 2019. the decrease in operating income was primarily due to decreases in volume as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the table of contents unfavorable impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $9 million, primarily driven by unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates. operating margin increased primarily due to a reduction in operating expenses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
brazil segment operating income. brazil operating income was $148.1 million in 2020, a decrease of $27.6 million or 15.7% from $175.6 million in 2019. brazil operating margin was 43.0% in 2020 and 41.0% in 2019. the decrease in operating income was due primarily to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates of $45 million. the decrease was partially offset by organic growth in brazil segment revenues of approximately 4%, which positively impacted our operating margin.
liquidity and capital resources our principal liquidity requirements are to service and repay our indebtedness, make acquisitions of businesses and commercial account portfolios, repurchase shares of our common stock and meet working capital, tax and capital expenditure needs.
sources of liquidity. we believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and securitization facility (each defined below), together with expected future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet the needs of our existing operations and planned requirements for the foreseeable future, based on our current assumptions. at december 31, 2020, we had approximately $1.9 billion in total liquidity, consisting of approximately $941 million available under our credit facility (defined below) and unrestricted cash of $935 million. restricted cash primarily represents customer deposits in our comdata business in the u.s., as well as collateral received from customers for cross-currency transactions in our cross-border payments business, which are restricted from use other than to repay customer deposits, as well as secure and settle cross-currency transactions.
we also utilize an accounts receivable securitization facility to finance a majority of our domestic receivables, to lower our cost of borrowing and more efficiently use capital. we generate and record accounts receivable when a customer makes a purchase from a merchant using one of our card products and generally pay merchants before collecting the receivable. as a result, we utilize the securitization facility as a source of liquidity to provide the cash flow required to fund merchant payments while we collect customer balances. these balances are primarily composed of charge balances, which are typically billed to the customer on a weekly, semimonthly or monthly basis, and are generally required to be paid within 14 days of billing. we also consider the undrawn amounts under our securitization facility and credit facility as funds available for working capital purposes and acquisitions. at december 31, 2020, we had no additional liquidity under our securitization facility.
we cannot assure you that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will remain accurate due to the unprecedented nature of the disruption to our operations and the unpredictability of the covid-19 global pandemic. as a consequence, our estimates of the duration of the pandemic and the severity of the impact on our future earnings and cash flows could change and have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. the following have impacted or may impact our liquidity:
•the negative impact of the covid-19 global pandemic on our business as discussed above under "impact of covid-19 on our business".
•we have principal and interest obligations under our debt and ongoing financial covenants under those debt facilities.
•during 2020, we repurchased 3.5 million common shares totaling $940.8 million in connection with our stock repurchase program (the "program"). on october 22, 2020, our board of directors increased the aggregate size of the program by $1.0 billion, to $4.1 billion. at december 31, 2020, we had approximately $1.0 billion remaining repurchase authorization under our current share repurchase program.
•we have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future.
•while we intend to employ a disciplined and highly selective approach, we may pursue strategic business acquisitions in the future.
table of contents cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,472.6                      $1,162.1
operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities was $1,472.6 million in 2020, an increase from $1,162.1 million in 2019. the increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to favorable working capital adjustments, due to the timing of cash receipts and payments in 2020 over 2019.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $106.2 million in 2020, a decrease from $523.7 million in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to the decrease in cash paid for acquisitions in 2020 over 2019 and the proceeds from the sale of an investment in 2020.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities was $1,416.8 million in 2020, an increase from $310.2 million in 2019. the increased use of cash is primarily due to decreased net borrowings on our credit facility and securitization facility of $563.4 million and $355.9 million, respectively, and an increase in repurchases of our common stock of $155.0 million in 2020 over 2019.
capital spending summary our capital expenditures were $78.4 million in 2020, an increase of $3.3 million or 4.3%, from $75.2 million in 2019.
credit facility fleetcor technologies operating company, llc, and certain of our domestic and foreign owned subsidiaries, as designated co-borrowers (the "borrowers"), are parties to a $4.86 billion credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swing line lender and local currency issuer, and a syndicate of financial institutions (the "lenders"), which has been amended multiple times. the credit agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities (collectively, the "credit facility") consisting of a revolving credit facility in the amount of $1.285 billion, a term loan a facility in the amount of $3.225 billion and a term loan b facility in the amount of $350 million as of december 31, 2020. the revolving credit facility consists of (a) a revolving a credit facility in the amount of $800 million, with sublimits for letters of credit and swing line loans, (b) a revolving b facility in the amount of $450 million for borrowings in u.s. dollars, euros, british pounds, japanese yen or other currency as agreed in advance, and a sublimit for swing line loans, and (c) a revolving c facility in the amount of $35 million with borrowings in u.s. dollars, australian dollars or new zealand dollars. the credit agreement also includes an accordion feature for borrowing an additional $750 million in term loan a, term loan b, revolver a or revolver b debt and an unlimited amount when the leverage ratio on a pro-forma basis is less than 3.00 to 1.00. proceeds from the credit facilities may be used for working capital purposes, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes. on april 24, 2020, we entered into the eighth amendment to the credit agreement to add a $250 million revolving d facility. on august 20, 2020, we terminated the revolving d facility. the maturity date for the term loan a and revolving credit facilities a, b and c is december 19, 2023. the maturity date for the term loan b is august 2, 2024.
interest on amounts outstanding under the credit agreement (other than the term loan b) accrues based on the british bankers association libor rate (the eurocurrency rate), plus a margin based on a leverage ratio, or our option, the base rate (defined as the rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate announced by bank of america, n.a., or (c) the eurocurrency rate plus 1.00%) plus a margin based on a leverage ratio. interest on the term loan b facility accrues based on the eurocurrency rate plus 1.75% for eurocurrency loans and at the base rate plus 0.75% for base rate loans. in addition, the company pays a quarterly commitment fee at a rate per annum ranging from 0.25% to 0.35% of the daily unused portion of the credit facility.
the term loans are payable in quarterly installments due on the last business day of each march, june, september, and december with the final principal payment due on the respective maturity date. borrowings on the revolving line of credit are repayable at the option of one, two, three or six months after borrowing, depending on the term of the borrowing on the facility. borrowings on the foreign swing line of credit are due no later than twenty business days after such loan is made.
the obligations of the borrowers under the credit agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of fleetcor and its domestic subsidiaries, pursuant to a security agreement and includes a pledge of (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests owned by us of each domestic subsidiary and (2) 66% of the voting shares of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries, table of contents but excluding real property, personal property located outside of the u.s., accounts receivables and related assets subject to the securitization facility and certain investments required under money transmitter laws to be held free and clear of liens.
at december 31, 2020, we had $2.9 billion in borrowings outstanding on term loan a, net of discounts, and $337.3 million in borrowings outstanding on term loan b, net of discounts, as of december 31, 2020. we have unamortized debt issuance costs of $5.0 million related to the revolving facilities as of december 31, 2020 recorded within other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. we have unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs related to the term loans of $7.1 million and $0.9 million at december 31, 2020, respectively. the effective interest rate incurred on term loans was 2.30% during 2020 related to the discount on debt.
during 2020, we made principal payments of $165 million on the term loans, $1.5 billion on the revolving facilities, and $104 million on the swing line revolving facility. in addition, we made principal payments on a notes payable related to an acquisition of $11 million.
as of december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with each of the covenants under the credit agreement.
cash flow hedges on january 22, 2019, we entered into three swap contracts. the objective of these swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor benchmark interest rate. these swap contracts qualify as hedging instruments and have been designated as cash flow hedges. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor. we reclassified approximately $39 million of losses from accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense during the year ended december 31, 2020 as a result of these hedging instruments. the maturity dates of the swap contracts are january 31, 2022 for $1 billion, january 31, 2023 for $500 million and december 19, 2023 for $500 million.
we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenant requirements related to our securitization facility as of december 31, 2020.
stock repurchase program the company's board of directors (the "board") has approved a stock repurchase program (as updated from time to time, the "program") authorizing the company to repurchase its common stock from time to time until february 1, 2023. on october 22, 2020, the board increased the aggregate size of the program by $1.0 billion, to $4.1 billion. since the beginning of the program, 14,616,942 shares have been repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of $3.1 billion, leaving the company up to $1.0 billion available under the program for future repurchases in shares of its common stock. there were 3,497,285 common shares totaling $940.8 million in 2020 and 2,211,866 common shares totaling $636.8 million in 2019; repurchased under the program.
any stock repurchases may be made at times and in such amounts as deemed appropriate. the timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and any additional constraints related to material inside information we may possess. any repurchases have been and are expected to be funded by a combination of available cash flow from the business, working capital and debt.
on december 18, 2019, the company entered an accelerated stock repurchase agreement (2019 asr agreement) with a third-party financial institution to repurchase $500 million of its common stock. pursuant to the 2019 asr agreement, the company delivered $500 million in cash and received 1,431,989 shares on december 18, 2019. an additional 175,340 shares were received on february 20, 2020 upon completion of the 2019 asr agreement.
the company accounted for the 2019 asr agreement, as two separate transactions: (i) as shares of reacquired common stock for the shares delivered to the company upon effectiveness of each asr agreement and (ii) as a forward contract indexed to the company's common stock for the undelivered shares. the initial delivery of shares was included in treasury stock at cost and results in an immediate reduction of the outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share. the forward contracts indexed to the our own common stock met the criteria for equity classification, and these amounts were initially recorded in additional paid-in capital.
table of contents pending acquisition on september 17, 2020, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire associated foreign exchange (afex), a cross-border payment solutions provider, for approximately $450 million. the transaction is expected to close in 2021, subject to regulatory approval and standard closing conditions.
critical accounting policies and estimates, adoption of new accounting standards, and pending adoption of recently issued accounting standards in applying the accounting policies that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we necessarily make accounting estimates that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. some of these estimates require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time we make the accounting estimates. we base these assumptions and the resulting estimates on historical information and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis. in many instances, however, we reasonably could have used different accounting estimates and, in other instances, changes in our accounting estimates could occur from period to period, with the result in each case being a material change in the financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations. we refer to estimates of this type as critical accounting estimates. our significant accounting policies are summarized in the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. the critical accounting estimates that we discuss below are those that we believe are most important to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements.
see footnote 2 to the consolidated financial statements, summary of significant accounting policies.
revenue recognition and presentation. we provide payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers. our payment solutions are primarily focused on specific commercial spend categories, including corporate payments, fuel, lodging, tolls, as well as gift solutions (stored value cards and e-cards). we provide solutions that help businesses of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. we also provide other payment solutions for fleet maintenance, employee benefits and long haul transportation-related services.
payment services our primary performance obligation for the majority of our payment solutions (corporate payments, fuel, lodging, gift, among others) is to stand-ready to provide authorization and processing services (payment services) for an unknown or unspecified quantity of transactions and the consideration received is contingent upon the customer's use (e.g., number of transactions submitted and processed) of the related payment services. accordingly, the total transaction price is variable. payment services involve a series of distinct daily services that are substantially the same, with the same pattern of transfer to the customer. as a result, we allocate and recognize variable consideration in the period we have the contractual right to invoice the customer. for the tolls payment solution, our primary performance obligation is to stand-ready each month to provide access to the toll network and process toll transactions. each period of access is determined to be distinct and substantially the same as the customer benefits over the period of access.
we record revenue for our payment services net of (i) the cost of the underlying products and services; (ii) assessments and other fees charged by the credit and debit payment networks (along with any rebates provided by them); (iii) customer rebates and other discounts; and (iv) taxes assessed (e.g. vat and vat-like taxes) by a government, imposed concurrent with, a revenue producing transaction.
the majority of the transaction price we receive for fulfilling the payment services performance obligation are comprised of one or a combination of the following: 1) interchange fees earned from the payment networks; 2) discount fees earned from merchants; 3) fees calculated based on a number of transactions processed; 4) fees calculated based upon a percentage of the transaction value for the underlying goods or services (i.e. fuel, food, toll, lodging, and transportation cards and vouchers); and 5) monthly access fees.
we recognize revenue when the underlying transactions are complete and our performance obligations are satisfied. transactions are considered complete depending upon the related payment solution but generally when we have authorized the transaction, validated that the transaction has no errors and accepted and posted the data to our records.
our performance obligation for our foreign exchange payment services is providing a foreign currency payment to a customer's designated recipient and therefore, we recognize revenue on foreign exchange payment services when the underlying payment is made. revenues from foreign exchange payment services are primarily comprised of the difference between the exchange rate set by us to the customer and the rate available in the wholesale foreign exchange market.
gift card products and services our gift solution delivers both stored value cards and e-cards (cards), and card-based services primarily in the form of gift cards to retailers. these activities each represent performance obligations that are separate and distinct. revenue for stored valued cards is recognized (gross of the underlying cost of the related card, recorded in processing expensed within the table of contents consolidated statements of income) at the point in time when control passes to our customer, which is generally upon shipment.
card-based services consist of transaction processing and reporting of gift card transactions where we recognize revenue based on an output measure of elapsed time for an unknown or unspecified quantity of transactions. as a result, we allocate and recognize variable consideration over the estimated period of time over which the performance obligation is satisfied.
other we account for revenue from late fees and finance charges, in jurisdictions where permitted under local regulations, primarily in the u.s. and canada in accordance with asc 310, "receivables". such fees are recognized net of a provision for estimated uncollectible amounts, at the time the fees and finance charges are assessed and services are provided. we cease billing and accruing for late fees and finance charges approximately 30 - 40 days after the customer's balance becomes delinquent.
we also write foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers to facilitate future payments in foreign currencies, and recognize revenue in accordance with authoritative fair value and derivative accounting (asc 815, "derivatives").
revenue is also derived from the sale of equipment in certain of our businesses, which is recognized at the time the device is sold and control has passed to the customer. this revenue is recognized gross of the cost of sales related to the equipment in revenues, net within the consolidated statements of income. the related cost of sales for the equipment is recorded in processing expenses within the consolidated statements of income.
revenues from contracts with customers, within the scope of topic 606, represents approximately 75% of total consolidated revenues, net, for the year ended december 31, 2020.
contract liabilities deferred revenue contract liabilities for customers subject to asc 606 were $73.0 million and $71.8 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. we expect to recognize approximately $43.7 million of these amounts in revenues within 12 months and the remaining $29.3 million over the next five years as of december 31, 2020. the amount and timing of revenue recognition is affected by several factors, including contract modifications and terminations, which could impact the estimate of amounts allocated to remaining performance obligations and when such revenues could be recognized. revenue recognized for the year ended december 31, 2020, that was included in the deferred revenue contract liability as of january 1, 2020, was approximately $37.7 million.
costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with the adoption of asc 606, we began capitalizing the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if we expect to recover those costs. the incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those that we incur to obtain a contract with a customer that we would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained (for example, a sales commission).
costs incurred to fulfill a contract are capitalized if those costs meet all of the following criteria:
b.the costs generate or enhance resources of ours that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future.
in order to determine the appropriate amortization period for contract costs, we considered a combination of factors, including customer attrition rates, estimated terms of customer relationships, the useful lives of technology used by us to provide products and services to our customers, whether further contract renewals are expected and if there is any incremental commission to be paid on a contract renewal. contract acquisition and fulfillment costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the expected period of benefit (ranging from five to ten years). costs to obtain a contract with an expected period of benefit of one year or less are recognized as an expense when incurred. the amortization of contract acquisition costs associated with sales commissions that qualify for capitalization will be recorded as selling expense in our consolidated statements of income. the amortization of contract acquisition costs associated with cash payments for client incentives is included as a reduction of revenues in the company's consolidated statements of income. amortization of capitalized contract costs recorded in selling expense was $15.3 million and $14.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
costs to obtain or fulfill a contract are classified as contract cost assets in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets within our consolidated balance sheets. we had capitalized costs to obtain a contract of $15.1 million and $14.8 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $37.2 million and $39.7 million within other assets within our consolidated balance sheets, for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
we have recorded $65.5 million and $76.4 million of expenses related to sales of equipment in processing expenses within the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
table of contents practical expedients asc 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations; however, as allowed by asc 606, we elected to exclude this disclosure for any contracts with an original duration of one year or less and any variable consideration that meets specified criteria. as described above, our most significant performance obligations consist of variable consideration under a stand-ready series of distinct days of service. such variable consideration meets the specified criteria for the disclosure exclusion; therefore, the majority of the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied is variable consideration that is not required for this disclosure. the aggregate fixed consideration portion of customer contracts with an initial contract duration greater than one year is not material.
we elected to exclude all sales taxes and other similar taxes from the transaction price. accordingly, we present all collections from customers for these taxes on a net basis, rather than having to assess whether we are acting as an agent or a principal in each taxing jurisdiction.
in certain arrangements with customers, we determined that certain promised services and products are immaterial in the context of the contract, both quantitatively and qualitatively.
as a practical expedient, we are not required to adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if we expect, at contract inception, that the period between when we transfer a promised service or product to a customer and when the customer pays for the service or product will be one year or less. as of december 31, 2020, our contracts with customers did not contain a significant financing component.
accounts receivable. as described above under the heading "securitization facility," we maintain a revolving trade accounts receivable securitization facility. the current purchase limit under the securitization facility is $1 billion. accounts receivable collateralized within our securitization facility relate to trade receivables resulting from charge card activity in the u.s. pursuant to the terms of the securitization facility, we transfer certain of our domestic receivables, on a revolving basis, to fleetcor funding llc (funding), a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote subsidiary. in turn, funding transfers, without recourse, on a revolving basis, an undivided ownership interest in this pool of accounts receivable to a multi-seller, asset-backed commercial paper conduit (conduit). funding maintains a subordinated interest, in the form of over-collateralization, in a portion of the receivables sold to the conduit. purchases by the conduit are financed with the sale of highly-rated commercial paper.
we utilize proceeds from the transfer of our accounts receivable as an alternative to other forms of financing to reduce our overall borrowing costs. we have agreed to continue servicing the sold receivables for the financial institution at market rates, which approximates our cost of servicing. we retain a residual interest in the accounts receivable sold as a form of credit enhancement. the residual interest's fair value approximates carrying value due to its short-term nature. funding determines the level of funding achieved by the sale of trade accounts receivable, subject to a maximum amount.
our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income reflect the activity related to securitized accounts receivable and the corresponding securitized debt, including interest income, fees generated from late payments, provision for losses on accounts receivable and interest expense. the cash flows from borrowings and repayments, associated with the securitized debt, are presented as cash flows from financing activities. the maturity date for the securitization facility is november 12, 2021.
foreign receivables are not included in our receivable securitization program. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, there was $700 million and $971 million, respectively, of short-term debt outstanding under our accounts receivable securitization facility. the amounts outstanding as of december 31, 2020 represent the maximum allowable amounts available to us under the terms of securitization facility.
financial instruments-credit losses. we adopted asu 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments", on january 1, 2020, under which the current expected credit loss methodology for measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, replaces the previous incurred loss impairment methodology. our financial assets subject to credit losses are primarily trade receivables. we utilize a combination of aging and loss-rate methods to develop an estimate of current expected credit losses, depending on the nature and risk profile of the underlying asset pool, based on product, size of customer and historical losses. expected credit losses are estimated based upon an assessment of risk characteristics, historical payment experience, and the age of outstanding receivables, adjusted for forward-looking economic conditions. the allowances for remaining financial assets measured at amortized cost basis are evaluated based on underlying financial condition, credit history, and current and forecast economic conditions. the estimation process for expected credit losses includes consideration of qualitative and quantitative risk factors associated with the age of asset balances, expected timing of payment, contract terms and conditions, changes in specific customer risk profiles or mix of customers, geographic risk, economic trends and relevant environmental factors. at december 31, 2020 and 2019, approximately 97% and 98%, respectively, of outstanding accounts receivable were current. accounts receivable deemed uncollectible are removed from accounts receivable and the allowance for credit losses when internal collection efforts have been exhausted and accounts have been turned over to a third-party collection agency. recoveries from the third-party collection agency are not significant.
table of contents impairment of long-lived assets, intangibles and investments. we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. when factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable. we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the useful lives of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may warrant revision.
we complete an impairment test of goodwill at least annually or more frequently if facts or circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. we first perform a qualitative assessment of certain of our reporting units. factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required. we then perform the goodwill impairment test for each reporting unit by comparing the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value which is measured based upon, among other factors, a discounted cash flow analysis, as well as market multiples for comparable companies. estimates critical to our evaluation of goodwill for impairment include the discount rate, projected revenue and earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortization (ebitda) growth, and projected long-term growth rates in the determination of terminal values. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired.
based on the goodwill asset impairment analysis performed quantitatively as of october 1, 2020, we determined that the fair value of each of our reporting units was in excess of the carrying value. no events or changes in circumstances have occurred since the date of this most recent annual impairment test that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks and trade names) for impairment annually. we also test for impairment if events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is below its carrying amount. estimates critical to our evaluation of indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment include the discount rate, royalty rates used in our evaluation of trade names, projected revenue growth and projected long-term growth rates in the determination of terminal values. an impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the estimated fair value on the measurement date.
we regularly evaluate the carrying value of our investments, which are not carried at fair value, for impairment. we have elected to measure certain investments in equity instruments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes for similar investments of the issuer. investments classified as trading securities are carried at fair value with any unrealized gain or loss recorded within investment (gain) loss in the consolidated statements of income.
income taxes. we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. we have elected to treat the global intangible low taxed income (gilti) inclusion as a current period expense.
the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the associated temporary differences become deductible. we evaluate on a quarterly basis whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future and conclude whether a valuation allowance must be established.
we account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity's financial statements and prescribe thresholds and measurement attributes for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. an uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 percent likelihood of being sustained. we include any estimated interest and penalties on tax related matters in income tax expense. see note 13 in the accompanying financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
business combinations. business combinations completed by us have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. the acquisition method requires that the acquired assets and liabilities, including contingencies, be recorded at fair value determined as of the acquisition date. for significant acquisitions, we obtain independent third-party valuation studies for certain of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed to assist us in determining fair value. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the results of the acquired businesses are included in our results of operations beginning from the completion date of the transaction.
table of contents estimates of fair value are revised during an allocation period as necessary when, and if, information becomes available to further define and quantify the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. provisional estimates of the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed involve a number of estimates and assumptions that could differ materially from the final amounts recorded. the allocation period does not exceed one year from the date of the acquisition. to the extent additional information to refine the original allocation becomes available during the allocation period, the allocation of the purchase price is adjusted. should information become available after the allocation period, those items are adjusted through operating results. the direct costs of the acquisition are recorded as operating expenses. certain acquisitions include contingent consideration related to the performance of the acquired operations following the acquisition. contingent consideration is recorded at estimated fair value at the date of the acquisition, and is remeasured each reporting period, with any changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of income. we estimate the fair value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration using various valuation approaches, as well as significant unobservable inputs, reflecting our assessment of the assumptions market participants would use to value these liabilities.
stock-based compensation. we account for employee stock options and restricted stock in accordance with relevant authoritative literature. stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant as authorized by our board of directors. options granted have vesting provisions ranging from one to five years and vesting of the options is generally based on the passage of time or performance. stock option grants are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. we have selected the black-scholes option pricing model for estimating the grant date fair value of stock option awards. we have considered the retirement and forfeiture provisions of the options and utilized our historical experience to estimate the expected life of the options. option forfeitures are accounted for upon occurrence. we base the risk-free interest rate on the yield of a zero coupon u.s. treasury security with a maturity equal to the expected life of the option from the date of the grant. stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period based on the number of years over which the requisite service is expected to be rendered.
awards of restricted stock and restricted stock units are independent of stock option grants and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. the vesting of shares granted is generally based on the passage of time, performance or market conditions, or a combination of these. shares vesting based on the passage of time have vesting provisions of one to four years. the fair value of restricted stock where the shares vest based on the passage of time or performance is based on the grant date fair value of our stock. the fair value of restricted stock units granted with market based vesting conditions is estimated using the monte carlo simulation valuation model. the risk-free interest rate and volatility assumptions used within the monte carlo simulation valuation model are calculated consistently with those applied in the black-scholes options pricing model utilized in determining the fair value of the stock option awards.
for performance-based restricted stock units and awards and performance based stock option awards, we must also make assumptions regarding the likelihood of achieving performance goals. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially affected.
derivatives. we use derivatives to minimize our exposures related to changes in interest rates and to facilitate cross-currency corporate payments by writing derivatives to customers.
we are exposed to the risk of changing interest rates because our borrowings are subject to variable interest rates. in order to mitigate this risk, we utilize derivative instruments. interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. we hedge a portion of our variable rate debt utilizing derivatives designated as cash flow hedges.
changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded to the derivative assets/liabilities and offset against accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. derivative fair value changes that are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods that the hedged item affects earnings, to the extent the derivative is effective in offsetting the change in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. the portions of the change in fair value that are either considered ineffective or are excluded from the measure of effectiveness are recognized immediately within earnings.
in our cross-border payments business, the majority of revenue is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enables customers to make cross-currency payments. in addition, we write foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers to facilitate future payments. the duration of these derivative contracts at inception is generally less than one year. we aggregate our foreign exchange exposures arising from customer contracts, including forwards, options and spot exchanges of currency, as necessary, and economically hedge the net currency risks by entering into offsetting derivatives with established financial institution counterparties. the changes in fair value related to these derivatives are recorded in revenues, net in the consolidated statements of income.
we recognize current cross-border payments derivatives in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other current liabilities and derivatives greater than one year in other assets and other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. all cash flows associated with derivatives are included in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. see footnote 17 to the consolidated financial statements, derivatives.
table of contents spot trade offsetting. we use spot trades to facilitate cross-currency corporate payments in our cross-border payments business. timing in the receipt of cash from the customer results in intermediary balances in the receivable from the customer and the payment to the customer's counterparty. in accordance with asc subtopic 210-20, "offsetting," we apply offsetting to spot trade assets and liabilities associated with contracts that include master netting agreements, as a right of setoff exists, which we believe to be enforceable. as such, we have netted our exposure with these customer's counterparties, with the receivables from the customer. we recognize all spot trade assets, net in accounts receivable and all spot trade liabilities, net in accounts payable, each net at the customer level, in our consolidated balance sheets at their fair value contractual obligations the table below summarizes the estimated dollar amounts of payments under contractual obligations identified as of december 31, 2020 for the periods specified:
operating leases                                                                 109.3                          20.2                            32.3                        27.9       28.8
(a)deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2020 were approximately $493.3 million. refer to note 13 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. this amount is not included in the total contractual obligations table because we believe this presentation would not be meaningful. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, as this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs. at december 31, 2020, we had approximately $35.7 million of unrecognized income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. we cannot reasonably estimate when all of these unrecognized income tax benefits may be settled. we do not expect reductions to unrecognized income tax benefits within the next 12 months as a result of projected resolutions of income tax uncertainties.
(b)we draw upon and pay down on the revolver within our credit agreement and our securitization facility borrowings outside of a normal schedule, as excess cash is available. for our variable rate debt, we have assumed the december 31, 2020 interest rates to calculate the estimated interest payments, for all years presented. this analysis also assumes that outstanding principal is held constant at the december 31, 2020 balances for our credit agreement and securitization facility, except for mandatory pay downs on the term loans in accordance with the loan documents. we typically expect to settle such interest payments with cash flows from operating activities and/or other short-term borrowings.
(d)the long-term portion of contingent consideration agreements is included with other obligations in the detail of our debt instruments disclosed in note 11 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.
management's use of non-gaap financial measures we have included in the discussion above certain financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with gaap. any analysis of non-gaap financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. below, we define the non-gaap financial measures, provide a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap, and discuss the reasons that we believe this information is useful to management and may be useful to investors.
table of contents pro forma and macro adjusted revenue and transactions by product. we define the pro forma and macro adjusted revenue as revenue, net as reflected in our statement of income, adjusted to eliminate the impact of the macroeconomic environment and the impact of acquisitions and dispositions. the macroeconomic environment includes the impact that market fuel price spreads, fuel prices and foreign exchange rates have on our business. we use pro forma and macro adjusted revenue and transactions to evaluate the organic growth in our revenue and the associated transactions. set forth below is a reconciliation of pro forma and macro adjusted revenue and transactions to the most directly comparable gaap measure, revenue, net and transactions (in millions):
revenue                                key performance indicators year ended december 31,*                                  year ended december 31,*
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -        11                                               -                               3
impact of fuel prices/spread                              18                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (18)                               -                         -                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                             (4)                         -                           (392)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             (1)                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (1)                               -                         -                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -                         -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (86)                               -                         -                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (60)                         -                             (9)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                           -                               -                         -                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -                         -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                           -                               -                         -                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                             (9)                         -                             (2)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -                         -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (8)                               -                         -                               -
fleetcor consolidated revenues pro forma and macro adjusted                          $2,484                          $2,711                                       intentionally left blank impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (62)
impact of fuel prices/spread                              17                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                       (112)                               -
1 other includes telematics, maintenance, food, transportation and payroll card related businesses.
2 revenues reflect an estimated $17 million net negative impact of fuel prices and fuel price spreads, where lower fuel prices had an estimated $31 million negative impact and higher fuel spreads had an offsetting $48 million favorable impact.
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income as net income as reflected in our statement of income, adjusted to eliminate a) non-cash stock based compensation expense related to share based compensation awards, (b) amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts and intangible assets, amortization of the premium recognized on the purchase of receivables, and our proportionate share of amortization of intangible assets at our equity method investment, and (c) integration and deal related costs, and (d) other non-recurring items, including unusual credit losses occurring largely due to covid-19, the impact of discrete tax items, impairment charges, asset write-offs, restructuring costs, gains due to disposition of assets and a business, loss on extinguishment of debt, and legal settlements.
we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income per diluted share as the calculation previously noted divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding as reflected in our statement of income.
we use adjusted net income to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. we believe it is useful to exclude non-cash share based compensation expense from adjusted net income because non-cash equity grants made at a certain price and point in time do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing at any particular time and share based compensation expense is not a key measure of our core operating performance. we also believe that amortization expense can vary substantially from company to company and from period to period depending upon their financing and accounting methods, the fair value and average expected life of their acquired intangible assets, their capital structures and the method by which their assets were acquired; therefore, we have excluded amortization expense from our adjusted net income. we also believe that integration and deal related costs and one-time non-recurring expenses, gains, losses, and impairment charges do not necessarily reflect how our investments and business are performing. we adjust net income for the tax effect of each of these non-tax items. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental measures of operating performance that do not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, net income per diluted share or cash flow from operations, as determined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or u.s. gaap. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are not intended to be a substitute for gaap financial measures and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flow from operations, as determined by u.s. gaap, and our calculation thereof may not be comparable to that reported by other companies.
organic revenue growth is calculated as revenue growth in the current period adjusted for the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment (to include fuel price, fuel price spreads and changes in foreign exchange rates) over revenue in the comparable prior period adjusted to include or remove the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures and non-recurring items that have occurred subsequent to that period. we believe that organic revenue growth on a macro-neutral, one-time item, and consistent acquisition/divestiture/non-recurring item basis is useful to investors for understanding the performance of fleetcor.
management uses adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and organic revenue growth:
•as measurements of operating performance because they assist us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis;
•for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget;
•to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business; and
•to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies.
table of contents set forth below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to the most directly comparable gaap measure, net income and net income per diluted share (in thousands, except per share amounts)*:
amortization of intangible assets, premium on receivables, deferred financing costs and discounts                     196,106                             216,532
loss on write-off of fixed assets                                                                                         294                               1,819
write-off of customer receivable                                                                                       90,058                                   -
total pre-tax adjustments                                                                                             315,926                             291,004
income tax impact of pre-tax adjustments at the effective tax rate                                                   (67,762)                            (61,619)
impact of discrete tax item                                                                                             9,848                            (62,333)
2 represents a bad debt loss in the first quarter of 2020 from a large client in our cross-border payments business entering voluntary bankruptcy due to the extraordinary impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
excludes the results of the company's investment in 2019, on our effective tax rate, as results from masternaut investment are reported within the consolidated statements of income on a post-tax basis and no tax-over-book outside basis difference prior to disposition.
represents impact of a discrete tax reserve adjustment related to prior year tax positions in 2020 and the impact from the disposition of our investment in masternaut of $64 million in 2019, as well as the impact of a discrete tax item from a prior year for a section 199 adjustment of $2 million.