item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report on form 10-k (including the disclosures under part i, item 1a, "risk factors"). additional information related to the comparison of our results of operations between the years 2019 and 2018 is included in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2019 form 10-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), and is incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k. our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and are presented in u.s. dollars.
management overview gilead sciences, inc. ("gilead", "we", "our" or "us") is a biopharmaceutical company that has pursued and achieved breakthroughs in medicine for more than three decades, with the goal of creating a healthier world for all people. we are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including hiv, viral hepatitis and cancer. we operate in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in foster city, california.
our portfolio of marketed products includes ambisome®, atripla®, biktarvy®, cayston®, complera®, descovy®, descovy for prep®, emtriva®, epclusa®, eviplera®, genvoya®, harvoni®, hepsera®, jyseleca®, letairis®, odefsey®, ranexa®, sovaldi®, stribild®, tecartustm, trodelvy®, truvada®, truvada for prep®, tybost®, veklury®, vemlidy®, viread®, vosevi®, yescarta® and zydelig®. the approval status of jyseleca varies worldwide, and jyseleca is not approved in the united states. we also sell and distribute authorized generic versions of epclusa and harvoni in the united states through our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics, llc. in addition, we sell and distribute certain products through our corporate partners under collaborative agreements.
2020 business highlights our financial performance was strong in 2020, despite the global impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which is a clear reflection of the solid underlying fundamentals of our business driven by the hiv franchise and the increased demand we saw for veklury amid the covid-19 pandemic. we also continued to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across various therapeutic areas to drive future growth potential.
•in april, we acquired forty seven, inc. ("forty seven") for approximately $4.7 billion, gaining an investigational drug candidate, magrolimab, which is currently in phase 2/3 clinical studies for a number of hematological cancers, including myelodysplastic syndrome, acute myeloid leukemia, non-hodgkin lymphoma and solid tumors.
•in october, we acquired immunomedics, inc. ("immunomedics") for approximately $20.6 billion and gained trodelvy, a trop-2-directed antibody-drug conjugate, which was granted accelerated approval by the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer ("mtnbc"). trodelvy has potential broader applicability for multiple tumor types, and is being studied as a monotherapy and combination agent for additional tumor types, including hr+/her2- breast cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and other solid tumors.
•in december, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire myr gmbh. upon closing, which is subject to regulatory clearances and other conditions, the acquisition will provide us with hepcludex® (bulevirtide), which was conditionally approved by the european medicines agency ("ema") for the treatment for chronic hepatitis delta virus ("hdv") in july 2020.
•we significantly expanded our oncology portfolio through licensing, strategic collaboration as well as equity investments with our third-party collaboration partners. additional information is included in note 11. collaborations and other arrangements of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the assets we acquired pursuant to our strategic transactions, we developed several other therapies and treatments in our portfolio: jyseleca, tecartus and veklury, the first fda-approved antiviral therapy for covid-19. these efforts demonstrate our continued commitment to advancing innovative medicines in areas of unmet need.
•fda, european commission ("ec") and japanese ministry of health, labour and welfare ("jmhlw") granted full approval, conditional marketing authorization and regulatory approval, respectively, to veklury for the treatment of patients with covid-19.
•fda approved a supplemental new drug application for epclusa for the treatment of children ages 6 and older (or weighing at least 17 kg) with hepatitis c virus ("hcv").
•fda and ec granted accelerated approval and conditional marketing authorization, respectively, for tecartus for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma.
•we submitted a supplemental biologics license application ("sbla") to fda for approval of trodelvy as a treatment for adult patients with mtnbc based on the overall efficacy and safety results in the phase 3 ascent trial.
•kite pharma, inc. ("kite") submitted an sbla to fda for yescarta for the treatment of relapsed or refractory indolent non-hodgkin's lymphoma. kite also received ema approval to implement a variation to the yescarta marketing authorization for end-to-end manufacturing.
•fda granted breakthrough therapy designation for magrolimab, a first-in-class, investigational, monoclonal antibody for the treatment of newly diagnosed myelodysplastic syndrome.
•ema validated and is reviewing the application of gilead and galapagos nv ("galapagos") for a new indication to the approved license for filgotinib 200mg. the proposed indication is for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.
•jmhlw and ec granted regulatory approval and marketing authorization of jyseleca, respectively, for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis.
corporate development                        viral diseases
•gilead and vir biotechnology, inc. established a clinical collaboration related to hepatitis b virus in january 2021.
•gilead and gritstone oncology, inc. announced that the companies have entered into a collaboration, option and license agreement related to a curative treatment of hiv in february 2021.
other                                        •veklury distribution:◦beginning october 1, 2020, we started distributing veklury in the united states upon conclusion of the previous distribution agreement with the u.s. federal government.◦gilead and european union signed a joint procurement agreement, which covers purchases of veklury for a six-month period through april 2021 and has the option to be extended by the parties for additional six-month periods.
•board appointments: ◦jeffrey a. bluestone, ph.d., the president and chief executive officer ("ceo") of sonoma biotherapeutics. ◦sandra j. horning, retired chief medical officer and global head of product development for roche.◦javier j. rodriguez, the ceo of davita inc.◦anthony welters, retired senior advisor to the office of the ceo of unitedhealth group, inc.
•community support: ◦in february 2021, we announced a new partnership with the wake forest university school of divinity, as part of the ongoing compass initiative, to help mitigate the hiv epidemic in the southern united states. ◦we launched the racial equity community impact fund to initially provide $10 million in grants to 20 organizations working in community advocacy and mobilization, social justice and educational innovation. ◦covid-19: we donated 1.5 million individual doses of remdesivir free of charge.◦we made various donations to support current nonprofit grantees through the global gilead covid-19 acute relief and emergency support grantee fund.◦we also made donations to the san mateo strong fund and the mayor's fund for los angeles.
(1)    we announced and discussed these updates in further detail in press releases available on our website at https://www.gilead.com/news-and-press/press-room/press-releases. additional information can be found in our disclosures filed or furnished with the sec, including its current reports on form 8-k and on quarterly reports on form 10-q, as applicable. readers are also encouraged to review all other press releases available on our website mentioned above.
2020 financial highlights
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)        2020                                   change   2019                                   change                    2018
total revenues increased by 10% to $24.7 billion in 2020, compared to $22.4 billion in 2019, primarily due to veklury sales and higher product sales in our hiv products, including the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for pre-exposure prophylaxis ("prep"). the increase was partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (emtricitabine ("ftc") and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ("tdf"))-based products primarily due to the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020, lower sales of hcv products due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019.
net income attributable to gilead was $123 million or $0.10 per diluted share in 2020, compared to $5.4 billion or $4.22 per diluted share in 2019, primarily due to unfavorable changes in the fair value of our equity investments in galapagos, the $1.2 billion discrete tax benefit recorded in 2019 related to intra-entity transfers of intangible assets to different tax jurisdictions, higher acquired in-process research and development ("ipr&d") expenses related to our acquisition of forty seven and our collaborations and other investments we entered into during the year, as well as higher acquisition-related expenses.
strategy and outlook 2021
our purpose is to deliver life-changing medications to patients in need through scientific breakthroughs, innovation and strong operational execution. our strategic ambitions are to (i) bring 10+ transformative therapies to patients by 2030; (ii) be the biotech employer and partner of choice; and (iii) deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and responsible manner. our strategic priorities reflect how we will deliver those ambitions: (i) expand internal and external innovation; (ii) strengthen portfolio strategy and decision making; (iii) increase patient benefit and access; and (iv) continue to evolve our culture. in 2021, we will continue to focus on executing our strategy to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipelines in new therapeutic areas, including oncology and inflammation, while maintaining our leadership in antiviral medications through the continued growth of biktarvy, the development of lenacapavir, the expansion of our viral hepatitis business and our on-going efforts to develop safe and effective antivirals to patients suffering from viral infections. beyond expanding our products and pipeline, we also continue to focus on our employees, the evolution of our culture and our efforts to promote racial equity.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and broader market dynamics. we expect a gradual recovery in underlying market dynamics starting the second quarter 2021. truvada and atripla sales are expected to continue to decline in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond as multiple generics are expected to enter the market starting in the second quarter of 2021. biktarvy, trodelvy, vemlidy and cell therapy are expected to be key growth drivers in 2021 absorbing the full year impact of the loss of exclusivity for truvada and atripla in the united states. veklury sales are generated in a highly dynamic and complex global environment, which continues to evolve. as a result, veklury sales are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty. future product demand will depend on the nature of the covid-19 pandemic, including duration of the pandemic, infection rates, hospitalizations, and availability of alternative therapies and vaccines being developed. the acquisition of immunomedics will continue to contribute to our revenue growth in 2021. our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged from 2020 and we plan to prioritize investment in our business and r&d pipeline and maintain a rigorous focus on disciplined expense management.
our ability to deliver on our strategy and 2021 objectives is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations or licensing arrangements; our ability to initiate, progress or complete clinical trials within currently anticipated timeframes; the possibility of unfavorable results from new and ongoing clinical trials; additional pricing pressures from payers and competitors; higher than anticipated effects of the loss of exclusivity from truvada and atripla; slower than anticipated growth in biktarvy, trodelvy, vemlidy and cell therapy products; an increase in discounts, chargebacks and rebates due to ongoing contracts and future negotiations with commercial and government payers; market share and price erosion caused by the introduction of generics; loss of exclusivity of our products; inaccuracies in our hcv patient start estimates; potential government actions that could have the effect of lowering prices; a larger-than anticipated shift in payer mix to more highly discounted payer segment; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
results of operations total revenues the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our revenues:
(in millions, except percentages)                             2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
total product sales total product sales increased by 10% to $24.4 billion in 2020, compared to $22.1 billion in 2019, primarily due to veklury sales and higher product sales in our hiv products, including the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep. the increase was partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products primarily due to the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020, lower hcv sales due to lower patient starts due to the covid-19 pandemic and the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019.
hiv product sales hiv product sales increased by 3% to $16.9 billion in 2020, compared to $16.4 billion in 2019, primarily due to the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020 and lower average net selling price driven by unfavorable payer mix primarily due to higher public health service utilization. our hiv franchise, including prep was also unfavorably impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. hiv product sales in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
descovy (ftc/taf)-based product sales increased in all major markets in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in the united states was primarily due to the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by lower sales volume of genvoya. the increase in europe and other international locations was primarily due to higher sales volume of biktarvy, partially offset by lower sales volume of genvoya.
truvada (ftc/tdf)-based product sales decreased in the united states and europe in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease in the united states was primarily due to lower sales volume driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in october 2020 and patients switching to regimens containing ftc/taf. we expect truvada sales to continue to decline in 2021 and beyond as multiple generics are expected to enter the market starting in the second quarter 2021. the decrease in european sales was primarily due to lower sales volume as a result of the broader availability of generic versions of truvada and patients switching to regimens containing ftc/taf.
hcv product sales hcv product sales decreased by 30% to $2.1 billion in 2020, compared to $2.9 billion in 2019, primarily due to lower sales volume driven by lower patient starts in the united states and europe attributable to the covid-19 pandemic and the continuing decline of total market patient starts unrelated to the pandemic, as well as lower average net selling price reflecting higher sales return provisions and discounts. hcv product sales in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
the decrease in hcv product sales in the united states and europe in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to lower patient starts, including declines attributable to a decrease in health care provider visits and screenings due to the covid-19 pandemic as well as lower average net selling price. the decrease in europe was also impacted by favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts in 2019, which did not reoccur in 2020. the decrease in hcv product sales in other international locations in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to lower sales volume.
cell therapy product sales cell therapy product sales, which include yescarta and tecartus, increased by 33% to $607 million in 2020, compared to $456 million in 2019, primarily due to the continued uptake of yescarta in europe and the third quarter 2020 product launch of tecartus in the united states.
trodelvy trodelvy generated $49 million in sales in the united states, following our acquisition of immunomedics on october 23, 2020.
other product sales other product sales, which include vemlidy, viread, letairis, ranexa, zydelig, ambisome, cayston and jyseleca, decreased by 18% to $1.9 billion in 2020, compared to $2.3 billion in 2019, primarily due to the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019, partially offset by higher sales volume of vemlidy in other international locations.
gross-to-net deductions we record product sales net of estimated government and other rebates and chargebacks, cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees, sales return provisions and other related costs. these deductions to product sales are generally referred to as gross-to-net ("gtn") deductions, which totaled $15.3 billion, or 39% of gross product sales in 2020, compared to $15.3 billion, or 41% of gross product sales in 2019. of the $15.3 billion in 2020, $13.0 billion or 33% of gross product sales was related to government and other rebates and chargebacks, $1.7 billion was related to cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees and other related costs and $572 million was related to sales return provisions.
product sales by geographic area of our total product sales, 26% and 25% were generated outside the united states in 2020 and 2019, respectively. we faced exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the euro. we used foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a percentage of our foreign currency exposure. foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had an unfavorable impact on our product sales of $29 million in 2020, based on a comparison using foreign currency exchange rates from 2019.
product sales in the united states increased by 10% to $18.1 billion in 2020, compared to $16.6 billion in 2019, primarily due to sales of veklury, the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by decreases in sales of truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020. the increase was also partially offset by lower sales volume of letairis and ranexa and lower sales of our hcv products. the decrease in sales of our hcv products was primarily due to lower patient starts and average net selling price as discussed above.
product sales in europe increased by 9% to $3.9 billion in 2020, compared to $3.6 billion in 2019, primarily due to sales of veklury, and the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and yescarta. the increase was partially offset by lower patient starts and average net selling price as discussed above. product sales in europe in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
product sales in other international locations increased by 17% to $2.3 billion in 2020, compared to $2.0 billion in 2019, primarily due to higher sales volumes of biktarvy, veklury and vemlidy.
the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our product sales:
(in millions, except percentages)                                                     2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
hcv products ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - u.s.                                        92               (71)   %                  312               (61)   %                  802
ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - europe                                      29               (59)   %                   71               (51)   %                  144
ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - other international                        151               (42)   %                  260                (6)   %                  276
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - u.s.                                      864               (11)   %                  971                  4   %                  934
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - europe                                    337               (39)   %                  553               (15)   %                  654
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - other international                       398               (10)   %                  441                 17   %                  378
(1) represents our revenue from cobicistat (c), emtricitabine (ftc) and tenofovir alafenamide (taf) in symtuza (darunavir/c/ftc/taf), a fixed dose combination product commercialized by janssen sciences ireland unlimited company.
(3) amounts consist of sales of harvoni and the authorized generic version of harvoni sold by our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics llc.
(4) amounts consist of sales of epclusa and the authorized generic version of epclusa sold by our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics llc.
costs and expenses the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our costs and expenses:
(in millions, except percentages)                                                   2020                  change                     2019                  change                     2018
cost of goods sold                                                            $4,572                    (2)    %               $4,675                    (4)    %               $4,853
research and development ("r&amp;d") expenses                                 $5,039                     24    %               $4,055                      3    %               $3,920
nm - not meaningful cost of goods sold and product gross margin in 2020, cost of goods sold decreased by $103 million compared to 2019, primarily due to the 2019 inventory write-down charges of $649 million, of which $547 million was related to slow moving and excess raw material and work in process inventory primarily due to lower long-term demand for our hcv products. the decrease in cost of goods sold was partially offset by higher manufacturing ramp-up expenses related to veklury as a treatment for covid-19 and acquisition-related expenses from amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and inventory step-up charges, as well as accelerated stock-based compensation expenses related to our acquisition of immunomedics. in addition, royalty expenses decreased by $126 million in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to lower sales of products containing elvitegravir, letairis and atripla.
in 2020, product gross margin increased compared to 2019, primarily due to factors described above.
research and development expenses r&d expenses consist primarily of clinical studies performed by contract research organizations, materials and supplies, payments under collaborative and other arrangements including milestone payments, licenses and fees, expense reimbursements to the collaboration partners, personnel costs including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, and overhead allocations consisting of various support and infrastructure costs.
we do not track total r&d expenses by product candidate, therapeutic area or development phase. however, we manage our r&d expenses by identifying the r&d activities we anticipate will be performed during a given period and then prioritizing efforts based on scientific data, probability of technical and regulatory successful development, market potential, available human and capital resources and other considerations. we continually review our r&d projects based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal r&d portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business.
the following table provides a breakout of our r&d expenses by major cost type:
(in millions, except percentages)                                   2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
clinical studies and outside services                          $2,317                    32    %               $1,750                     5    %               $1,665
in 2020, r&d expenses increased by $1.0 billion compared to 2019, primarily due to higher clinical trial expenses related to the investigation of remdesivir as a treatment for covid-19 including material costs, the fourth quarter charge of $190 million (€160 million) in connection with the agreement to amend the existing arrangement with galapagos for the commercialization and development of jyseleca, accelerated stock-based compensation expenses of $166 million related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven, higher investments in oncology programs including magrolimab, an investigational anti-cd47 monoclonal antibody, and to a lesser extent, trodelvy, and accruals for milestone payments of $70 million to pionyr immunotherapeutics, inc. ("pionyr"). the increase was partially offset by lower clinical trial expenses from the completion of certain inflammation programs and lower costs as a result of our pause or postponement of certain clinical trials due to the covid-19 pandemic.
acquired in-process research and development expenses acquired ipr&d expenses reflect ipr&d impairments as well as the initial costs of externally developed ipr&d projects, acquired directly in a transaction other than a business combination, that do not have an alternative future use, including upfront payments related to various collaborations and the initial costs of rights to ipr&d projects. beginning in the second quarter of 2020, acquired ipr&d expenses were reported separately from research and development expenses on our consolidated statements of income. ipr&d assets capitalized are tested for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year, or earlier if impairment indicators exist. no ipr&d impairment charges were recorded in 2020.
acquired ipr&d expenses of $5.9 billion for 2020 were primarily related to our acquisition of forty seven as well as collaborations and other investments we entered into during the year with arcus biosciences, inc., pionyr, tango therapeutics, inc., tizona therapeutics, inc. and jounce therapeutics, inc.
acquired ipr&d expenses of $5.1 billion for 2019 included $3.9 billion in upfront charges related to our global research and development collaboration agreement with galapagos and the $800 million impairment charge from assets obtained in our kite acquisition.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses relate to sales and marketing, finance, human resources, legal and other administrative activities, including information technology investments. expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, facilities and overhead costs, outside marketing, advertising and legal expenses and other general and administrative costs. sg&a expenses also include the branded prescription drug ("bpd") fee. in the united states, we, along with other pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded drug products, are required to pay a portion of the bpd fee, which is estimated based on select government sales during the prior year as a percentage of total industry government sales and is trued-up upon receipt of invoices from the internal revenue service.
in 2020, sg&a expenses increased by $770 million compared to 2019, primarily due to accelerated stock-based compensation expenses of $204 million related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven, a $97 million charge related to a previously disclosed legal settlement, increased corporate grants, costs associated with the commercialization efforts for veklury and to a lesser extent, trodelvy, higher marketing expenses related to biktarvy and donations of remdesivir. the increases were partially offset by lower travel and other spend due to the covid-19 pandemic.
other income (expense), net and interest expense the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our other income (expense), net and interest expense:
(in millions, except percentages)         2020                      change         2019                    change         2018
nm - not meaningful the unrealized losses primarily relating to our investments in galapagos unfavorably impacted other income (expense), net in 2020, compared to unrealized gains in 2019.
income taxes the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our income tax expense (benefit):
income tax expense (benefit)                          $1,580                   $(204)                   $2,339
our effective tax rate increased in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to a $4.5 billion acquired ipr&d charge recorded in connection with our acquisition of forty seven, $511 million of certain other acquired ipr&d charges and $1.8 billion of unfavorable changes in the fair value of our equity investments in galapagos that are non-deductible for tax purposes. the 2019 effective tax rate included a $1.2 billion discrete tax benefit related to intra-entity intangible asset transfers to different tax jurisdictions.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities and working capital:
cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities                   $7,910                     $25,840
working capital                                                         $4,599                     $20,537
cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities as of december 31, 2020, decreased by $17.9 billion, or 69%, compared to december 31, 2019. during 2020, we generated $8.2 billion in operating cash flow, utilized $25.7 billion on acquisitions, including ipr&d, net of cash acquired, issued senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $7.2 billion, net of issuance costs, borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion under a three-year term loan facility, repaid $2.5 billion of principal amount of debt, paid cash dividends of $3.4 billion and utilized $1.6 billion on repurchases of common stock. in january 2021, we repaid $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes prior to the april 2021 maturity.
we may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to their maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. our acquisition of myr gmbh is expected to close in the first quarter of 2021. per the agreement, we will make a consideration payment of approximately €1.2 billion in cash (or approximately $1.4 billion) upon closing.
working capital working capital, which is current assets less current liabilities, decreased by $15.9 billion, or 78%, compared to december 31, 2019, primarily due to the utilization of significant cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities for our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven as noted above and reclassifications of senior unsecured notes from long-term debt, net. the decrease was partially offset by increased accounts receivables due to veklury sales and the reclassification of a portion of our galapagos equity investments from other long-term assets.
accounts receivable increased by $1.3 billion, compared to december 31, 2019, primarily reflecting increased sales driven by veklury due to covid-19 surge in the fourth quarter of 2020.
operating activities                                          $8,168               $9,144                         $8,400
operating activities cash provided by operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. operating cash flow is derived by adjusting our net income for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. cash provided by operating activities decreased by $976 million to $8.2 billion in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease was primarily the result of changes in working capital reflecting increases in accounts receivable from the fourth quarter 2020 veklury sales and certain tax payments made to taxing authorities.
investing activities cash used in / provided by investing activities primarily consists of purchases, sales and maturities of our marketable debt securities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, including ipr&d, net of cash acquired, purchases of equity securities and other investments. cash used in investing activities was $14.6 billion in 2020 compared to $7.8 billion in 2019. the change in cash used in / provided by investing activities was due to $25.7 billion of payments made primarily related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven in 2020, compared to $4.3 billion of payments made primarily related to our collaboration with and equity investments in galapagos in 2019.
financing activities the change in cash provided by / used in financing activities in 2020 compared to 2019, was primarily due to $7.2 billion in proceeds from the september 2020 senior unsecured notes offering, net of issuance costs and $995 million borrowed under a three-year term loan facility, net of issuance costs in october 2020 in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics.
debt and credit facilities the summary of our borrowings under various financing arrangements is included in note 12. debt and credit facilities of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements.
senior unsecured notes offering in september 2020, in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we issued senior unsecured notes consisting of (i) $500 million principal amount of floating rate notes due september 2021 and $500 million principal amount of floating rate notes due september 2023; and (ii) $2.0 billion principal amount of 0.75% senior notes due september 2023, $750 million principal amount of 1.20% senior notes due october 2027, $1.0 billion principal amount of 1.65% senior notes due october 2030, $1.0 billion principal amount of 2.60% senior notes due october 2040 and $1.5 billion principal amount of 2.80% senior notes due october 2050.
senior unsecured notes repayments in 2020 and 2019, we repaid at maturity $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion principal amount of senior unsecured notes, respectively. in january 2021, we repaid $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes prior to the april 2021 maturity.
term loan facility in october 2020, in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion under a three-year term loan facility ("term loan facility").
liability related to future royalties in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we assumed a liability related to a funding arrangement, which was originally entered into by immunomedics and rpi finance trust ("rpi"). the liability related to future royalties was primarily included in long-term debt, net on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 6. acquisitions of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
credit facility in june 2020, we terminated our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility maturing in may 2021 (the "2016 revolving credit facility") and entered into a new $2.5 billion revolving credit facility maturing in june 2025 (the "2020 revolving credit facility"), which had terms substantially similar to the 2016 revolving credit facility. the 2020 revolving credit facility can be used for working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, acquisitions. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no amounts outstanding under these revolving credit facilities.
we are required to comply with certain covenants under our notes indentures, and as of december 31, 2020, we were not in violation of any covenants.
capital return program the details of our stock repurchase programs and dividends are included in note 15. stockholders' equity of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
stock repurchase programs in the first quarter of 2016, our board of directors authorized a $12.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2016 program"), under which repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. we started repurchases under the 2016 program in april 2016.
we purchased 22 million and 26 million shares of our common stock under the 2016 program for $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
in the first quarter of 2020, our board of directors authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2020 program"), which will commence upon the completion of the 2016 program. purchases under the 2020 program may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.
as of december 31, 2020, the remaining authorized repurchase amount from both programs was $6.8 billion.
dividends we declared and paid quarterly cash dividends for an aggregate amount of $3.4 billion or $2.72 per share of our common stock and $3.2 billion or $2.52 per share of our common stock in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
on february 4, 2021, we announced that our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend increase of 4.4% from $0.68 to $0.71 per share of our common stock, with a payment date of march 30, 2021 to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 15, 2021. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors.
capital resources we believe our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following:
•the commercial performance of our current and future products;
•the progress and scope of our r&d efforts, including preclinical studies and clinical trials;
•the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews;
•the expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities;
•the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities;
•the possibility of acquiring other companies or new products;
•debt service requirements;
•the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies; and
•costs associated with the defense, settlement and adverse results of government investigations and litigation.
we may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. if such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate and base our estimates on historical experience and on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue from product sales when control of the product transfers, generally upon shipment or delivery, to the customer, or in certain cases, upon the corresponding sales by our customer to a third party. the revenues are recognized, net of estimated government and other rebates and chargebacks, cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees, sales return provisions and other related deductions. these deductions to product sales are referred to as gtn deductions, and are estimated and recorded in the period in which the related product sales occur. variable consideration is included in the net sales price only to the extent a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized is not probable of occurring when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
government and other rebates and chargebacks represent the majority of our gtn deductions and are subject to a complex estimation process, which requires significant judgment by management in part due to the lag between the date of the product sales and the date the related rebates or chargeback claims are settled. government and other rebates and chargebacks include amounts payable to payers and healthcare providers under various programs, and may vary by product, by payer and individual payer plans. for qualified programs that can purchase our products through wholesalers or other distributors at a lower contractual price, the wholesalers or distributors charge back to us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower contractual price. rebates and chargebacks are estimated primarily based on product sales, and expected payer mix and discount rates, which require significant estimates and judgment. additionally, in developing our estimates of government and other rebates and chargebacks, we consider the following factors:
•historical claims experience and processing time lags;
•known market events or trends;
•market research;
•channel inventory data obtained from our major u.s. wholesalers; and
•other pertinent internal or external information.
we assess and update our estimates every quarter to reflect actual claims and other current information. our actual government and other rebates and chargebacks claimed for prior periods have varied from our estimates by less than 3% of the amounts deducted from product sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. we believe the methodology that we use to estimate our government and other rebates and chargebacks is reasonable and appropriate given the current facts and circumstances. however, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates.
government and other chargebacks that are payable to our direct customers are classified as reductions of accounts receivable in our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $552 million and $655 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see note 10. other financial information of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information. government and other rebates that are payable to third party payers and healthcare providers are generally recorded in accrued government and other rebates on our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $3.5 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019. the allowance for sales returns is generally recorded in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $587 million and $137 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in the allowance for sales returns in 2020 reflects the estimated veklury sales returns and an increase of hcv and hiv sales return provisions.
(in millions)                                        balance at beginning of year         decrease/(increase) to product sales   payments                         balance at end of year year ended december 31, 2020:
acquisitions and valuation of intangibles we make certain judgments to determine whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or as business combinations. if it is determined that substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired in a transaction is concentrated in a single asset (or a group of similar assets), the transaction is treated as an acquisition of assets. we evaluate the inputs, processes, and outputs associated with the acquired set of activities. if the assets in a transaction include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs, the transaction is treated as an acquisition of a business.
we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally be recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. excess of consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. estimating fair value requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions. we perform impairment testing of goodwill annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired.
in transactions accounted for as acquisitions of assets, no goodwill is recorded and contingent consideration such as payments upon achievement of various developmental, regulatory and commercial milestones generally is not recognized at the acquisition date. in an asset acquisition, upfront payments allocated to ipr&d projects at the acquisition date are expensed unless there is an alternative future use. in addition, product development milestones are expensed upon achievement.
valuation of intangible assets we have acquired, and expect to continue to acquire, intangible assets through asset acquisition, business combination or consolidation of variable interest entities. the identifiable intangible assets are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. intangible assets acquired through business combinations are subject to potential adjustments within the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date. the fair values of the intangible assets are generally determined using a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value. the estimated net cash flows are discounted using a discount rate that is based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to our profile and represents the rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. the discounted cash flow models used in valuing these intangible assets require the use of significant estimates and assumptions including but not limited to:
•identification of product candidates with sufficient substance requiring separate recognition;
•estimates of projected future cash flows including revenues and operating profits related to the products or product candidates;
•the probability of technical and regulatory success for unapproved product candidates considering their stages of development;
•the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of product candidates;
•the life of the potential commercialized products and associated risks, including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product candidate such as obtaining fda and other regulatory approvals; and
•risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets.
we believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.
impairment and amortization of intangible assets intangible assets related to ipr&d projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized as indefinite-lived intangible assets until the completion or abandonment of the associated r&d efforts. during the period the assets are considered indefinite-lived, they are not amortized. when development is complete, which generally occurs if and when regulatory approval to market a product is obtained, the associated assets would be deemed finite-lived and then be amortized based on their respective estimated useful lives at that point in time primarily on a straight-line basis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and make assumptions at a point in time (acquisition date or subsequent impairment assessment date). changes in estimates and assumptions, including the timing of product launch, pricing reductions, failure to obtain anticipated regulatory approval, deterioration in u.s. and global financial markets or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may decrease the projected cash flows or increase the discount rate and could potentially result in an impairment charge.
the eventual realized value of the acquired ipr&d project may vary from its fair value at the date of acquisition. if the carrying value of an intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to write down the intangible asset to its estimated fair value. for example, in 2019, we recognized an $800 million impairment charge related to ipr&d projects primarily for the treatment of indolent non-hodgkin lymphoma due to changes in estimated market opportunities. a high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products. for example, in 2018, we concluded that the kite-585 program acquired in connection with our acquisition of kite did not justify further efforts based on the totality of the clinical data gathered and discontinued the program. as a result, the carrying value of the ipr&d relating to the kite-585 program was written down to zero and we recorded an impairment charge of $820 million.
intangible assets are also periodically reviewed for changes in facts or circumstances resulting in a reduction to the estimated useful life of the asset, requiring the acceleration of amortization.
see note 9. goodwill and intangible assets of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on the impairment charges related to our indefinite-lived ipr&d intangible assets.
legal contingencies we are a party to various legal actions. the most significant of these are described in note 14. commitments and contingencies - legal proceedings of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. it is not possible to determine the outcome of these matters. we recognize accruals for such actions to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. we accrue for the best estimate of a loss within a range; however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, then we accrue the minimum amount in the range. if we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss.
significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. because of the inherent uncertainty and unpredictability related to these matters, accruals are based on what we believe to be the best information available at the time of our assessment, including the legal facts and circumstances of the case, status of the proceedings, applicable law and the views of legal counsel. upon the final resolution of such matters, it is possible that there may be a loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. we periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. we did not have any material accruals in our consolidated balance sheets for such matters as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
income taxes we estimate our income tax provision, including deferred tax assets and liabilities, based on significant management judgment. we evaluate the realization of all or a portion of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. we consider future taxable income, ongoing tax planning strategies and our historical financial performance in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. if we expect to realize deferred tax assets for which we have previously recorded a valuation allowance, we will reduce the valuation allowance in the period in which such determination is first made.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions including ireland. due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws. for example, the united states enacted significant tax reform, and certain provisions of the new law will continue to significantly affect us. we cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative changes that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes.
we record liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with the guidance that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. an adverse resolution of one or more of these uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period.
see note 18. income taxes of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
off balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k.
contractual obligations contractual obligations represent future cash commitments related to significant enforceable and legally binding obligations and certain purchase obligations that we are likely to continue regardless of the fact that they may be cancelable. the expected timing and payment amounts presented below are estimated based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.
the following table summarizes the aggregate maturities of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020:
operating lease obligations(2)         828                                     127      234                                       167                        300
(1)    debt includes principal and future interest payments of senior unsecured notes and the term loan facility. interest payments for our fixed rate senior unsecured notes are incurred and calculated based on terms of the related notes. debt also includes a liability related to future royalty obligations we assumed through the acquisition of immunomedics. see note 6. acquisitions and note 12. debt and credit facilities of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(2)    see note 13. leases of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(3)    amounts primarily relate to active pharmaceutical ingredients ("api") with minimum purchase commitments and certain inventory-related items, r&d commitments and capital commitments. significant r&d commitments related to clinical studies performed by contract research organizations ("cro"s) are excluded from the table as material cro contracts are cancelable by us.
(4)    in connection with tax reform we recorded a federal income tax payable for transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings that is payable over an eight-year period. the amounts included in the table above represent the remaining federal income tax payable at december 31, 2020.
(5)    as of december 31, 2020, our long-term income taxes payable includes unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties totaling $1.1 billion. due to the high degree of uncertainty on the timing of future cash settlement and other events that could extinguish these unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to estimate the period of cash settlement and therefore we have excluded these unrecognized tax benefits from the table above.
(6)    we have committed to make potential future milestone and other payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, development and other arrangements. payments under these agreements generally are contingent upon certain future events including achievement of certain developmental, regulatory or commercial milestones. because the achievement of these events is neither probable nor reasonably estimable and such potential payments have not been recorded in our consolidated balance sheets, they have not been included in the table above.
(7)    the consideration payment of approximately €1.2 billion in cash (or approximately $1.4 billion) for our acquisition of myr gmbh, which is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2021, is excluded from the table above. see note 6. acquisitions of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
recent accounting pronouncements the information required by this item is included in note 1. organization and summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.