item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a.
description of the company for a description of altria, see item 1. business, and background in note 1.
executive summary in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section, altria refers to the following "adjusted" financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ("oci"); adjusted oci margins; adjusted net earnings attributable to altria; adjusted diluted earnings (losses) per share ("eps") attributable to altria; and adjusted effective tax rates. these adjusted financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these adjusted financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. except as noted in 2021 forecasted results section below, when altria provides a non-gaap measure in this form 10-k, it also provides a reconciliation of that non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. for a further description of these non-gaap financial measures, see the non-gaap financial measures section below.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the u.s. and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty. although much uncertainty still surrounds the pandemic, including its duration and ultimate overall impact on u.s. and global economies, its subsidiaries' operations and those of altria's investees, altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. specifically, altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains and on economic conditions.
in terms of altria's liquidity, despite some volatility in the commercial paper market in march 2020, altria was able to build and maintain a higher cash balance than normal to preserve its financial flexibility. as a precautionary measure, in march 2020, altria borrowed the full $3.0 billion available under its senior unsecured 5-year revolving credit agreement (as amended, the "credit agreement"), which altria subsequently repaid in full in june 2020. in may 2020, altria issued $2.0 billion of long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes. in april 2020, the board of directors rescinded the $500 million remaining in the previously authorized $1.0 billion share repurchase program. altria did not repurchase any shares under its share repurchase program in 2020.
as with so many other companies throughout the u.s. and globally, altria's operations have been affected by the covid-19 pandemic. altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public table of contents health authorities. to date, altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations, but continues to monitor these factors. altria continues to believe that remote working due to the covid-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. also, altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. although altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in march 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in april 2020 and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic.
altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. to date, altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems, but is continuing to monitor these factors. the majority of retail stores in which altria's tobacco products are sold, including convenience stores, have been deemed to be essential businesses by authorities and have remained open. altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors or any other entities within our supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently.
in march 2020, pm usa temporarily closed its atlanta and richmond iqos stores and paused its iqos interactive marketing efforts. in june 2020, pm usa re-opened its atlanta and richmond iqos stores, and in july 2020, pm usa launched iqos in charlotte, with all stores operating under enhanced safety protocols.
in 2020, altria incurred net pre-tax charges of $50 million, which were directly related to disruptions caused by or efforts to mitigate the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. these costs, which were recorded in the second quarter and excluded from altria's adjusted results, included premium pay, personal protective equipment and health screenings, partially offset by certain employment tax credits. these net pre-tax charges do not include the inventory-related implementation costs associated with the wine business strategic reset.
although altria's tobacco businesses have not been materially impacted to date by the covid-19 pandemic, there is continued uncertainty as to how the covid-19 pandemic may impact adult tobacco consumers in the future. altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income (which may be impacted by unemployment rates and fiscal stimulus). altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of non-combustible products.
while altria's tobacco businesses have not been materially impacted to date by the covid-19 pandemic, altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets. in the wine business, ste. michelle's direct-to-consumer sales and on-premise wine sales in restaurants, bars and hospitality venues and on cruise lines have been, and continue to be, negatively impacted by disruptions arising from the covid-19 pandemic, which also may have an impact on adult wine consumers going forward. in 2020, against a backdrop of product volume demand uncertainty and long-term, non-cancelable grape purchase commitments, which have been further negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic (including economic uncertainty and government actions that restrict direct-to-consumer sales and on-premise sales), ste. michelle recorded pre-tax charges of $411 million consisting primarily of (i) the write-off of inventory and (ii) estimated losses on future non-cancelable grape purchase commitments. altria and ste. michelle also undertook a review of the wine business resulting in a strategic reset. ste. michelle continues to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic associated risks to its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
abi has also been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including (i) a 50% reduction to its final 2019 dividend paid in the second quarter of 2020 and a decision to forgo its interim 2020 dividend that would have been paid in the fourth quarter of 2020; (ii) the withdrawal of its guidance for 2020 due to the uncertainty, volatility and impact of the covid-19 pandemic; and (iii) a goodwill impairment charge related to its africa businesses in 2020. in addition, the extreme market disruption and volatility associated with the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a steep decline in abi's stock price in the first half of 2020. although there was a gradual recovery in abi's stock price in the second half of 2020, the fair value of altria's investment in abi is below the carrying value. while altria believes that this decline is temporary, it will continue to monitor its investment in abi, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on abi's business and market valuation.
altria considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. while the impact of the covid-19 pandemic was considered in our quantitative valuations during the year ended december 31, 2020, altria does not believe the covid-19 pandemic was a primary driver of the non-cash pre-tax impairment charge of $2.6 billion recorded during the three months ended september 30, 2020 or the $100 million increase in fair value during the three months ended december 31, 2020. altria will continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on juul's business in our quarterly valuations of juul.
altria has considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity. cronos has been and continues to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, due in part to government action requiring closures or limited occupancy of retail stores in the united states. during the second quarter of 2020, cronos recorded an impairment charge on goodwill and intangible assets as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic (which altria recorded in the table of contents third quarter of 2020 due to its one-quarter lag in reporting cronos's results). altria will continue to monitor its investment in cronos, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on cronos's business and market valuation.
consolidated results of operations the changes in net earnings (losses) and diluted eps attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2020, from the year ended december 31, 2019, were due primarily to the following: