order instituting an investigation into pg&e corporation's and the utility's safety culture on august 27, 2015, the cpuc began a formal investigation into whether the organizational culture and governance of pg&e corporation and the utility prioritize safety and adequately direct resources to promote accountability and achieve safety goals and standards (the "safety culture oii"). the cpuc directed the sed to evaluate the utility's and pg&e corporation's organizational culture, governance, policies, practices, and accountability metrics in relation to the utility's record of operations, including its record of safety incidents. the sed engaged a consultant to assist in the sed's investigation and the preparation of a report containing the sed's assessment, and subsequently, to report on the implementation by the utility of the consultant's recommendations.
on august 27, 2020, the cpuc adopted a final decision on topics 4 and 5, regarding adaptation outreach to disadvantaged communities and detailed requirements for each iou's cva. the cpuc instructed each iou to establish a "climate change team," with cross-departmental responsibilities, which will report directly to a designated executive at the svp level or above. each iou must disclose to the cpuc such changes in organizational structure, listing the individual names and department titles of all internal participants. board members should oversee and prioritize climate adaptation planning, as informed by senior leadership. each iou is required to consider climate risks to assets, operations, and services over which ious have direct control. additionally, the decision directs the ious to seek to obtain an acknowledgement in new contracts with third party providers that the operator has considered long-term climate risk. each ious' completed cva will coincide with its ramp filing during its four-year grc cycle, and each iou must detail resulting climate adaptation measures in a new chapter in its future grc applications. each iou must file a community engagement plan detailing community outreach on climate adaptation, covering every disadvantaged vulnerable community and leveraging existing iou community outreach on other matters. the ious' climate adaptation community engagement plan proposals must be filed one year prior to their cva, with the utility's first community engagement plan due in june 2023, as the utility's first cva under this decision will be due in june 2024. a new memorandum account, the climate adaptation vulnerability assessment memorandum account, was authorized to cover cva costs and incremental costs of outreach.