item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations terms used by csx when used in this report, unless otherwise indicated by the context, these terms are used to mean the following:
car hire - a charge paid by one railroad for its use of cars belonging to another railroad or car owner.
department of transportation ("dot") - a u.s. government agency with jurisdiction over matters of all modes of transportation.
depreciation study - a periodic statistical analysis of fixed asset service lives, salvage values, accumulated depreciation, and other factors for group assets along with a comparison of similar asset groups at other companies conducted by a third-party specialist.
environmental protection agency ("epa") - a u.s. government agency that has regulatory authority with respect to environmental law.
free cash flow - the calculation of a non-gaap measure by using net cash provided by operating activities and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities. free cash flow is a measure of cash available for paying dividends, share repurchases and principal reduction on outstanding debt.
group-life method - a type of depreciation in which assets with similar useful lives and characteristics are aggregated into groups. instead of calculating depreciation for individual assets, depreciation is calculated for each group.
incidental revenue - revenue for switching, demurrage, storage, etc.
intermodal - a flexible way of transporting freight over water, highway and rail without being removed from the original transportation equipment, namely a container or trailer.
csx corporation part ii pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration ("phmsa") - an agency within the dot that, together with the fra, has broad jurisdiction over railroad operating standards and practices, including hazardous materials requirements.
positive train control ("ptc") - an interoperable train control system designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, over-speed derailments, incursions into established work-zone limits, and train diversions onto another set of tracks.
revenue adequacy - the achievement of a rate of return on investment at least equal to the cost of investment capital, as measured by the stb.
scheduled railroading - an operating plan focused on developing and strictly maintaining a scheduled service plan to deliver further service gains and improve transit times, with an emphasis on driving asset utilization while controlling costs.
staggers act of 1980 - congressional law which significantly deregulated the rail industry, replacing the regulatory structure in existence since the 1887 interstate commerce act. where previously rates were controlled by the interstate commerce commission, the staggers act allowed railroads to establish their own rates for shipments, enhancing their ability to compete with other modes of transportation.
surface transportation board ("stb") - an independent governmental adjudicatory body administratively housed within the dot, responsible for the economic regulation of interstate surface transportation within the united states.
switching - putting cars in a specific order, placing cars for loading, retrieving empty cars or adding or removing cars from a train at an intermediate point.
terminal - a facility, typically owned by a railroad, for the handling of freight and for the breaking up, making up, forwarding and servicing of trains.
transportation security administration ("tsa") - a component of the department of homeland security with broad authority over railroad operating practices that may have homeland security implications.
ttx company ("ttx") - a company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive and general use railcars at time and mileage rates. csx owns about 20 percent of ttx's common stock, and the remainder is owned by the other leading north american railroads and their affiliates.
• operating income of $4.9 billion increased $1.1 billion or 31% year over year. operating income in 2017 included a pre-tax $240 million restructuring charge and a pre-tax tax reform benefit of $142 million. adjusting for these items, operating income increased $1.1 billion or 28% year over year.
• operating ratio of 60.3 percent improved 710 basis points from 67.4%. operating ratio in 2017 was affected by the restructuring charge and tax reform benefit described above. adjusting for these items, operating ratio of 60.3 percent in 2018 improved 620 basis points.
• earnings per diluted share of $3.84 decreased $2.15 or 36% year over year. net income in 2017 included a restructuring charge and a restructuring charge - non-operating with a combined $203 million after-tax impact and a total after-tax reform benefit of $3.6 billion. adjusting for these items, earnings per diluted share improved $1.54 per share or 67% year over year.
adjusted operating income, adjusted operating ratio and adjusted earnings per diluted share are non-gaap measures. see reconciliation of gaap measures to non-gaap measures in non-gaap measures - unaudited following the discussion of the results of operations.
equity earnings of affiliates                (96   )            (219    )            (123    )        (56      )
income tax (expense) benefit                (995   )           2,329               (3,324    )       (143      )
(a) certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. see further discussion of reclassification of all components of net periodic benefit cost except service cost from labor and fringe expense to other income - net in note 1.
2018 vs. 2017 results of operations, continued volume and revenue (unaudited)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                        revenue                                               revenue per unit
fertilizers - volume declined primarily due to the closure of a customer facility in late 2017 that previously moved short-haul rail shipments.
coal domestic utility coal volume declined reflecting strong competition from natural gas. domestic coke, iron ore and other volume increased primarily driven by stronger domestic steel production. export volume increased as global supply levels and elevated global benchmark prices supported continued demand for u.s. coal.
intermodal domestic volume was relatively flat as rationalization of low-density lanes was mostly offset by growth with existing customers due to tight truck conditions. international volume increased driven by new customers and strong performance with existing customers, which more than offset losses from the rationalization of low-density lanes.
other other revenue increased $148 million versus prior year primarily due to increases in incidental charges, partially offset by settlements in 2017 from customers who did not meet historical volume commitments.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses decreased $208 million due to the following items:
•   other costs decreased $36 million due to the recognition of railroad retirement tax refunds related to past share-based compensation awards and several other items, none of which were individually significant.
materials, supplies and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment, terminal and pier services and professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items including gains on property dispositions. total materials, supplies and other expenses decreased $146 million driven by the following:
•   other costs decreased $34 million primarily driven by a reduction in personal injury expense resulting from a decline the severity of injuries and other items, none of which were individually significant.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over its useful life. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $16 million due to a larger asset base.
fuel expense includes locomotive diesel fuel as well as non-locomotive fuel. this expense is largely driven by the market price and locomotive consumption of diesel fuel. fuel expense increased $182 million primarily due to a 24 percent price increase that drove additional expense of $200 million, partially offset by fuel efficiency initiatives.
equipment and other expenses include rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes expenses for short-term and long-term leases of locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. these expenses decreased $34 million primarily due to reduced days per load, particularly for merchandise and automotive markets, partially offset by volume-related costs.
equity earnings of affiliates includes earnings from operating equity method investments. equity earnings of affiliates decreased $123 million primarily due to a $142 million favorable impact of tax reform (primarily related to ttx and conrail) and a real estate gain of $16 million for the sale of a property owned by one of the company's equity affiliates both included in prior year results. these decreases were partially offset by higher affiliate earnings in the current year.
csx corporation part ii interest expense interest expense includes interest on long-term debt, equipment obligations and capital leases. interest expense increased $93 million to $639 million primarily due to higher average debt balances partially offset by lower average interest rates.
other income - net other income - net includes investment gains, losses and interest income, as well as components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost and other non-operating activities. other income increased $21 million to $74 million primarily due to increased interest income as a result of higher average investment balances.
income tax expense income tax expense increased $3.3 billion from a benefit of $2.3 billion in 2017 to an expense of $1.0 billion in 2018 due to a $3.5 billion non-cash reduction in income tax in 2017 primarily due to the revaluation of the company's net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the reduction of the federal corporate tax rate to 21 percent as part of tax reform. this increase was also due to additional income tax expense resulting from increased earnings before income taxes, partially offset by a lower enacted income tax rate.
net earnings net earnings decreased $2.2 billion to $3.3 billion, and earnings per diluted share decreased $2.15 to $3.84, due to the factors mentioned above, including the significant impact of tax reform on 2017 results. lower average shares outstanding resulting from higher share repurchase activity had a positive impact on earnings per diluted share.
equity earnings of affiliates               (219   )             (50   )             169             338
income tax benefit (expense)               2,329              (1,027   )           3,356             327
(a) prior to third quarter 2017, csx followed a 52/53 week fiscal reporting calendar. all 2016 information presented in results of operations is on a 53-week basis, under gaap. additionally, certain prior year data has been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. see further discussion of reclassification of all components of net periodic benefit cost except service cost from labor and fringe expense to other income - net in note 1.
2017 vs. 2016 results of operations, continued volume and revenue (unaudited)(a)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                        revenue                                               revenue per unit
csx corporation part ii revenue in 2017, revenue increased $339 million when compared to the previous year, primarily due to gains in export coal, price increases across nearly all other markets and fuel recovery, partially offset by the $178 million impact of an extra fiscal week in 2016 and lower merchandise volumes. revenue per unit increased over prior year as pricing gains and higher fuel recoveries were partially offset by unfavorable mix.
merchandise chemicals - volume declined, primarily due to sustained challenges in the eastern crude-by-rail market. this decline offset an increase in shipments of frac sand and petroleum gases due to growth in drilling activity.
minerals - volume slightly declined as short-term competitive losses were mostly offset by growth in construction project activity.
fertilizers - volume declined, primarily driven by the closure of a customer facility as well as hurricane irma's impact on central florida phosphate operations.
forest products - volume declined as the decrease in shipments of paper products as a result of mill closures and truck competition was partially offset by strong pulp board volumes driven by e- commerce demand.
metals and equipment - volume slightly declined as a nonrecurring 2016 benefit from large pipe projects was partially offset by increases in equipment moves.
coal domestic utility coal volume declined 12 percent as the competitive loss of short-haul interchange traffic more than offset underlying growth at other utilities. domestic coke, iron ore and other volume declined 13 percent, primarily in iron ore shipments, as a large customer temporarily halted its production. export volume increased 42 percent as global supply levels and pricing conditions supported strong growth in u.s. coal exports.
intermodal domestic volume declined 2 percent as rationalization of low-density lanes and competitive losses more than offset growth with existing customers. international volume was up 7 percent driven by competitive gains and strong performance with existing customers as eastern port volumes increased.
2017 related to a customer that did not meet historical volume commitments and higher incidental charges.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses decreased $189 million due to the following items:
•   efficiency and volume savings of $274 million were driven primarily by reductions in overall headcount and other effects of implementing scheduled railroading as well as the impacts of the 2017 restructuring initiative, slightly offset by higher volume-related costs.
•   the extra fiscal week in 2016 resulted in $51 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
•   inflation resulted in $152 million of additional cost driven by increased health and welfare costs and wage increases.
materials, supplies and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment, terminal and coal pier services and professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items. total materials, supplies and other expenses increased $21 million driven by the following:
•   inflation resulted in $37 million of additional cost.
•   asset impairments of $25 million resulted from the discontinuation of certain in-progress projects as a result of transition to scheduled railroading.
•   relocation costs increased $19 million, which includes the impact of the company's initiative to consolidate dispatchers.
•   additional expense of $13 million resulted from train accidents during the year.
•   the extra week in 2016 resulted in $18 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
•   other costs increased $60 million due to various non-significant items.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over its useful life. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $14 million due to a larger asset base, partially offset by $25 million of additional costs in 2016 from the extra week compared to 2017.
•   the extra week in 2016 resulted in $15 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
equipment and other expenses include rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes expenses for short-term and long-term leases of locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. these expenses decreased $36 million driven by the following:
•   the extra week in 2016 resulted in $7 million of additional cost compared to 2017.
restructuring charge of $240 million includes costs related to restructuring activities in 2017, including the management workforce reduction, executive retirements, reimbursement arrangements, the proration of equity awards and other advisory costs related to the leadership transition.
equity earnings of affiliates includes earnings from operating equity method investments. equity earnings of affiliates increased $169 million primarily due to the following:
•   real estate gains of $16 million were recognized on the sale of a property owned by one of the company's equity affiliates.
•   other increases were primarily due to increased equity earnings from affiliates, primarily ttx as a result of higher rental volumes and decreased costs.
csx corporation part ii interest expense interest expense includes interest on long-term debt, equipment obligations and capital leases. interest expense decreased $33 million to $546 million due to lower average interest rates and $11 million of additional expense in 2016 related to the extra week, partially offset by higher average debt balances.
restructuring charge - non operating restructuring charge - non operating of $85 million includes non-operating costs related to restructuring activities in 2017, including certain pension benefits and other post-retirement benefits curtailment.
other income - net other income - net increased $31 million to $53 million primarily due to adoption in 2017 of the spot rate approach for measuring employee benefit plan interest costs, prior year pension contributions and other favorable benefit plan experience, offset by the reclassification of real estate activities from other non-operating to operating income in 2017.
income tax benefit (expense)
income tax benefit (expense) decreased $3.4 billion from an expense of $1.0 billion in 2016 to a benefit of $2.3 billion in 2017 primarily due to a $3.5 billion non-cash reduction in income tax mostly resulting from the revaluation of the company's net deferred tax liabilities to reflect the reduction of the federal corporate tax rate to 21 percent as part of tax reform. this reduction was partially offset by additional income tax expense resulting from increased earnings before income taxes.
net earnings net earnings increased $3.8 billion to $5.5 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased $4.18 to $5.99, due to the factors mentioned above, including the significant impact of tax reform. lower average shares outstanding resulting from higher share repurchase activity had a positive impact on earnings per diluted share.
csx corporation part ii non-gaap measures - unaudited csx reports its financial results in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). csx also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results.  non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by gaap. therefore, csx's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with gaap. reconciliations of non-gaap measures to corresponding gaap measures are below.
prior year adjusted operating results management believes that adjusted operating income, adjusted operating ratio, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share, assuming dilution are important in evaluating the company's operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations and future profitability. these non-gaap measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding operating results because they exclude certain significant items that are not considered indicative of future financial trends.
the impact of tax reform, the restructuring charge and retrospective impact of adoption of a new accounting standard update on 2017 operating results are shown in the following table. there were no adjustments to operating results in 2018. as noted in note 1. nature of operations and significant accounting policies, the company adopted the provisions of an accounting standard related to the presentation of net pension and other post-retirement benefit costs during the first quarter 2018 and applied them retrospectively.
tax reform benefit (net)                                                                           (142       )            1.2                       (3,577      )                                (3.91               )
(b) for 2017, $85 million of the $325 million restructuring charge was reclassified to non-operating income (expense)as a result of the adoption of an accounting standard update related to the presentation of net pension and other post-retirement benefit costs.
csx corporation part ii free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow management believes that free cash flow is useful to investors as it is important in evaluating the company's financial performance. more specifically, free cash flow measures cash generated by the business after reinvestment. this measure represents cash available for both equity and bond investors to be used for dividends, share repurchases or principal reduction on outstanding debt. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. free cash flow is calculated by using net cash from operations and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities, which includes proceeds from property dispositions. the increase in free cash flow from the prior year of $1.6 billion is primarily due to higher earnings from operations which includes the impact of a lower income tax rate, a decrease in property additions of $295 million and higher proceeds from property dispositions of $222 million.
adjusted free cash flow excludes the impact of cash payments for restructuring charge. adjusted free cash flow before dividends increased $1.5 billion year-over-year to $3.2 billion due to higher earnings from operations which includes the impact of a lower income tax rate, a decrease in property additions of $295 million and higher proceeds from property dispositions of $222 million, partially offset by $124 million lower cash payments for restructuring charge.
the following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (gaap measure) to free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow (both non-gaap measures).
net cash provided by operating activities                             $4,641              $3,472              $3,041
property additions                                                    (1,745   )          (2,040   )          (2,398   )
other investing activities                                               292       134                 204
(a) the restructuring charge impact to free cash flow was tax effected using the applicable tax rate of the charge. during 2018 and 2017, the company made cash payments of $15 million and $187 million, respectively, related to the restructuring charge. also in 2017, the company made $30 million in payments to a former ceo and a former president for previously accrued non-qualified pension benefits that are not included in the restructuring charge.
operations performance train velocity (miles per hour)(a)     17.9          15.1                       19   %
(a) the methodology for calculating train velocity and dwell differ from that prescribed by the stb. csxt will continue to report train velocity and dwell, using the prescribed methodology, to the stb on a weekly basis. see additional discussion on the company's website.
key performance measures definitions train velocity - average train speed between origin and destination in miles per hour (does not include locals, yard jobs, work trains or passenger trains). train velocity measures the profiled schedule of trains (from departure to arrival and all interim time), and train profiles are periodically updated to align with a changing operation.
the company strives for continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. investment in training and technology also is designed to allow the company's employees to have an additional layer of protection that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents. safety programs are designed to prevent incidents that can adversely impact employees, customers and communities. continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance.
the company's fra reportable personal injury frequency index of 0.99 for the full year of 2018 improved 19% versus the prior year as overall injuries fell by 27%, outpacing a reduction in man-hours. the company's fra train accident frequency rate of 3.45 for the full year was 12% unfavorable versus the prior year. safety performance improved in the second half reflecting the changes made in safety leadership, engagement with external resources and the company's renewed focus on enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers and communities in which the company operates.
operating performance improved significantly throughout the year as train velocity and car dwell achieved record levels in 2018. the operational plan remains focused on delivering further service gains, improving transit times and driving asset utilization while controlling costs.
csx corporation part ii liquidity and capital resources liquidity is a company's ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures, including those to address regulatory and legislative requirements. to have a complete picture of a company's liquidity, its sources and uses of cash, balance sheet and external factors should be reviewed.
significant cash flows the following charts highlight the components of the change in cash and cash equivalents for operating, investing and financing activities for full years 2018, 2017 and 2016.
in 2018, the company generated $4.6 billion of cash provided by operating activities which was $1.2 billion higher than prior year primarily driven by higher cash-generating income which includes the impact of a lower income tax rate, partially offset by lower working capital and other activities. in 2017, the company generated $3.5 billion of cash provided by operating activities which was $431 million higher than 2016 primarily driven by $250 million in voluntary contributions in 2016 to the company's qualified pension plans and higher net earnings in 2017, partially offset by payments related to restructuring activities.
in 2018, net cash used in investing activities was $1.7 billion, an increase of $189 million from the prior year primarily driven by an increase in net investment purchases, partially offset by lower property additions and higher proceeds from property dispositions. in 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $1.5 billion, a decrease of $303 million from 2016 primarily driven by lower property additions.
in 2018, net cash used in financing activities was $2.5 billion, which represents an increase of $321 million from the prior year primarily driven by higher share repurchases, partially offset by higher net debt issued. in 2017, net cash used in financing activities was $2.2 billion, which represented an increase in spending of $911 million from 2016 primarily driven by higher share repurchases and lower net debt issued, partially offset by the repayment of seller-financed assets in the prior year.
csx corporation part ii sources of cash and liquidity the company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. the company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec in february 2016 which is unlimited as to amount and may be used to issue debt or equity securities at csx's discretion, subject to market conditions and csx board authorization. while csx seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash requirements, there can be no assurance that market conditions would permit csx to sell such securities on acceptable terms at any given time, or at all. in 2018, csx issued a total of $3.0 billion of new long-term debt.
csx has access to a $1 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in may 2020. as of december 31, 2018, the company had no outstanding balances under this facility. see note 9, debt and credit agreements for more information. the company also has a commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility, under which the company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion outstanding at any one time. at december 31, 2018, the company had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program.
uses of cash csx uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital requirements, repayment of additional indebtedness outstanding from time to time, repurchases of csx's common stock, capital investments, improvements in productivity and other cost reduction initiatives.
in 2018, csx continued to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders. the company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. funds used for property additions are further described below.
fiscal years capital expenditures (dollars in millions)                     2018              2017              2016
capacity and commercial facilities                          246               417               447
total property additions                                  1,745             2,040             2,398
total capital expenditures                               $1,745             2,040             2,705
planned capital investments for 2019 are expected to be between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion, including approximately $100 million for ptc. of the 2019 investment, over half will be used to sustain the core infrastructure. the remaining amounts will be allocated to projects supporting service enhancements, productivity initiatives and profitable growth. csx intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations.
csx corporation part ii the company expects to continue incurring capital costs in connection with the implementation of ptc. csx estimates that the total multi-year cost of ptc implementation will be approximately $2.4 billion. this estimate includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment and developing new technologies. total ptc spending through 2018 was $2.2 billion.
csx is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. csx may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future (see risk factors under item 1a of this form 10-k).
material changes in the consolidated balance sheets and working capital csx's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of csx's balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments and share repurchases. further, csx is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. the company ended the year with $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
total assets as well as total liabilities and shareholders' equity increased $990 million from prior year. the increase in assets was primarily due to the net increase in cash and short-term investments of $692 million and higher net properties of $234 million. the increase in cash and short-term investments was primarily a result of net cash from operations of $4.6 billion and the issuance of $3.0 billion in long-term debt, partially offset by share repurchases of $4.7 billion and property additions of $1.7 billion. the increase in total liabilities and shareholders' equity combined was driven by the issuance of $3.0 billion in long-term debt and net earnings of $3.3 billion, partially offset by share repurchases of $4.7 billion and dividends paid of $751 million.
working capital is considered a measure of a company's ability to meet its short-term needs. csx had a working capital surplus of $650 million at december 2018 and $21 million at december 2017. this increase since the prior year end is primarily the result of an increase in cash due to net cash from operations of $4.6 billion and the issuance of $3.0 billion in long-term debt. these increases were partially offset by cash used for share repurchases of $4.7 billion, property additions of $1.7 billion and dividend payments of $751 million.
the company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances as discussed above. although the company currently has a surplus, a working capital deficit is not unusual for csx or other companies in the industry and does not indicate a lack of liquidity. the company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. furthermore, csx has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. the company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity.
csx corporation part ii credit ratings credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's"), use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
the cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by csx's long-term credit ratings. csx's credit ratings remained stable during 2018. as of december 2018 and december 2017, s&p's long-term rating on csx was bbb+ (stable), and moody's was baa1 (stable). ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be investment grade. if csx's credit ratings were to decline to below investment grade levels, the company could experience significant increases in its interest cost for new debt. in addition, a decline in csx's credit ratings to below investment grade levels could adversely affect the market's demand, and thus the company's ability to readily issue new debt.
csx is committed to returning cash to shareholders and maintaining an investment grade credit profile. capital structure, capital investments and cash distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors.
schedule of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables set forth maturities of the company's contractual obligations and other significant commitments:
(dollars in millions) (unaudited)
other post-employment benefits (see note 8) (a)          50              29              27              25              24             103               258
agreements with conrail (b)                              27              27              27              27              27              20               155
other commitments (c)                                   $84              $2              $2              $2              $-              $-               $90
(a) other post-employment benefits include estimated other post-retirement medical and life insurance payments and payments under non-qualified pension plans which are unfunded. no amounts are included for funded pension obligations as no contributions are currently required.
(b) agreements with conrail represent minimum future payments of $155 million under the shared asset area agreements (see note 12, related party transactions).
(c) other commitments of $90 million consisted of surety bonds, letters of credit, uncertain tax positions and public private partnerships. surety bonds of $42 million and letters of credit of $28 million arise from assurances issued by a third-party that csx will fulfill certain obligations and are typically a contract, state, federal or court requirement. uncertain tax positions of $12 million, which include interest and penalties, are all included in year 2018 as the year of settlement cannot be reasonably estimated. contractual commitments related to public-private partnerships are $8 million.
csx corporation part ii off-balance sheet arrangements for detailed information about the company's guarantees, operating leases and purchase obligations, see note 7, commitments and contingencies. there are no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
labor agreements approximately 18,500 of the company's approximately 22,500 employees are members of a labor union. all 13 rail unions that participate in national bargaining have reached national agreements with the class i railroads via ratification, executive action or interest arbitration. these agreements are effective january 1, 2015 through december 31, 2019.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results may differ from those estimates. these estimates and assumptions are discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a regular basis.  significant estimates using management judgment are made for the following areas:
personal injury, environmental and legal reserves personal injury personal injury reserves of $143 million and $168 million for 2018 and 2017, respectively, represent liabilities for employee work-related and third-party injuries. csxt retains an independent actuary to assist management in assessing the value of personal injury claims. the methodology used by the actuary includes a development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value of these personal injury claims. it is based largely on csxt's historical claims and settlement experience. actual results may vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued environmental environmental reserves were $80 million and $90 million in 2018 and 2017, respectively. the company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 220 environmentally impaired sites. the company reviews its potential liability with respect to each site identified, giving consideration to a number of factors such as:
•   nature of the company's alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the site or owner or operator of the site);
•   number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible parties at the location.
conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements.
legal the company is involved in litigation incidental to its business and is a party to a number of legal actions and claims, various governmental proceedings and private civil lawsuits. the company evaluates all exposures relating to legal liabilities at least quarterly and adjusts reserves when appropriate. the amount of a particular reserve may be influenced by factors that include official rulings, newly discovered or developed evidence, or changes in laws, regulations and evidentiary standards. an unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in that particular period. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves in the consolidated financial statements. additionally, see item 3. legal proceedings for further discussion of these items.
pension and post-retirement medical plan accounting the company sponsors defined benefit pension plans principally for salaried, management personnel. for employees hired prior to 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement. for employees hired in 2003 or thereafter, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation. as of december 2018, the projected benefit obligation for the company's pension plans was $2.8 billion.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued in addition to these plans, the company sponsors a post-retirement medical plan and a non-contributory life insurance plan that provide certain benefits to full-time, salaried, management employees, hired prior to 2003, upon their retirement if certain eligibility requirements are met. beginning in 2019, both the life insurance benefit for eligible active employees and health savings account contributions made by the company to eligible retirees younger than 65 will be eliminated. beginning in 2020, the employer-funded health reimbursement arrangements for eligible retirees 65 years or older will be eliminated. as a result of these plan amendments, the company recognized a decrease of $102 million in the post-retirement benefit liability. as of december 2018, the projected benefit obligation for the company's other post-retirement benefit plans was $118 million.
for information related to the funded status of the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, see note 8, employee benefit plans.
the accounting for these plans is subject to the guidance provided in the compensation-retirement benefits topic in the asc. this rule requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the following:
the company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the company determines are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates and future projections. these amounts are reviewed by management.
discount rates discount rates affect the amount of liability recorded and the service and interest cost components of pension and post-retirement expense.  discount rates reflect the rates at which pension and other post-retirement benefits could be effectively settled, or in other words, how much it would cost the company to buy enough high quality bonds to generate cash flow equal to the company's expected future benefit payments. the company determines the discount rate based on the market yield as of year-end for high quality corporate bonds whose maturities match the plans' expected benefit payments.
the company measures the service and interest cost components of the net pension and post-retirement benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year instead of a single weighted-average discount rate approach, which was used prior to 2017. under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount rates along the same high quality corporate bonds yield curve used to measure the pension and post-retirement benefit liabilities are applied to the relevant projected cash flows at the relevant maturity.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued the weighted average discount rates used by the company to value its 2018 pension and post-retirement obligations are 4.24 percent and 3.98 percent, respectively. for 2017, the weighted average discount rates used by the company to value its pension and post-retirement obligations were 3.56 percent and 3.34 percent, respectively. discount rates may differ for pension and post-retirement benefits due to varying duration of the liabilities for projected payments for each plan. as of december 2018, the estimated duration of pensions and post-retirement benefits is approximately 11 years and 6 years, respectively.
each year, these discount rates are reevaluated and adjusted using the current market interest rates for high quality corporate bonds to reflect the best estimate of the current effective settlement rates. in general, if interest rates decline or rise, the assumed discount rates will change.
long-term rate of return on plan assets the expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. in estimating that rate, the company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well as the current and projected asset mix of the funds. management balances market expectations obtained from various investment managers and economists with both market and actual plan historical returns to develop a reasonable estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on assets. as this assumption is long-term, the annual review may result in less frequent adjustment than other assumptions used in pension accounting. the long-term rate of return on plan assets used by the company to value its benefit cost for the subsequent plan year was 6.75 percent in both 2018 and 2017.
salary scale inflation rates salary scale inflation rates are based on current trends and historical data accumulated by the company.  the company reviews recent wage increases and management incentive compensation payments over the past five years in its assessment of salary scale inflation rates. the company used a salary scale rate of 4.60 percent in both 2018 and 2017 to value its pension obligations.
other assumptions the calculations made by the actuaries also include assumptions relating to health care cost trend rates, mortality rates, turnover and retirement age. these assumptions are based upon historical data, recent plan experience and industry trends and are determined by management.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued
2019 estimated pension and post-retirement expense net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits expenses for 2019 are expected to be a credit of $7 million and $2 million, respectively. net periodic pension and post-retirement benefits expenses for 2019 are expected to include service cost expense of $32 million and $1 million, respectively. service cost expense is included in labor and fringe on the consolidated income statement and all other components of net pension expense and post-retirement benefits expense are included in other income - net. net periodic pension expense and post-retirement benefits expense in 2018 was an $11 million credit and a $7 million expense, respectively. the net increase in the expected credit is primarily due to changes to the post-retirement benefits plan partially offset by unfavorable pension plan asset experience.
the following sensitivity analysis illustrates the effects of a one percent change in certain assumptions like discount rates, long-term rate of return and salaries on the 2019 estimated pension and post-retirement expense:
long-term rate of return             $26           n/a salary inflation                      $6           n/a depreciation policies for assets utilizing the group-life method the depreciable assets of the company are depreciated using either the group-life or straight-line method of accounting, which are both acceptable depreciation methods in accordance with gaap. the company depreciates its railroad assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the group-life method of accounting. assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 87% of total fixed assets of $45 billion on a gross basis at december 2018. the remaining depreciable assets of the company, including non-railroad assets and assets under capital leases, are depreciated using the straight-line method on a per asset basis. land is not depreciated.
management performs a review of depreciation expense and useful lives on a regular basis. under the group-life method, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management's assumptions regarding the service lives of its properties. there are several factors taken into account during the depreciation study and they include:
•   previous assessment of the condition of the assets;
•   comparison of assets to the same asset groups with other companies.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued recent experience with depreciation studies has resulted in depreciation rate changes that did not materially affect the company's annual depreciation expense of $1.3 billion for each 2018, 2017 and 2016. a one percent change in the average estimated useful life of all group-life assets would result in an approximate $12 million change to the company's annual depreciation expense. for additional details, including a more detailed description of our related accounting policies, see note 6, properties in the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes csx accounts for income taxes in accordance with the income taxes topic in the asc that addresses how tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. under this topic, the company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the amount recognized in the financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.
csx files a consolidated federal income tax return, which includes its principal domestic subsidiaries. examinations of the federal income tax returns of csx have been completed through 2016. during 2018, the company participated in a contemporaneous internal revenue service ("irs") audit of tax years 2017 and 2018. management believes an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that might be assessed. while the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of csx management that none of these items will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or liquidity of csx. an unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items, however, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year. as of december 2018, the company's uncertain tax positions were $12 million.
csx corporation part ii forward-looking statements certain statements in this report and in other materials filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made by the company, are forward-looking statements. the company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and the provisions of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act may contain, among others, statements regarding:
•   projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes or other financial items;
•   expectations as to results of operations and operational initiatives;
•   expectations as to the effect of claims, lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity;
•   management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, capital expenditures, workforce levels, dividends, share repurchases, safety and service performance, proposed new services and other matters that are not historical facts, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved; and
•   future economic, industry or market conditions or performance and their effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "estimate," "preliminary" and similar expressions. the company cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its good faith beliefs with respect to future events and are based on information currently available to it as of the date the forward-looking statement is made.  forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the timing when, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved.
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual performance or results could differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements. the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. if the company does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements.
csx corporation part ii the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in part ii, item 1a. risk factors and elsewhere in this report, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements:
•   legislative, regulatory or legal developments involving transportation, including rail or intermodal transportation, the environment, hazardous materials, taxation, international trade and initiatives to further regulate the rail industry;
•   the outcome of litigation, claims and other contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel surcharge, environmental matters, taxes, shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication, personal injuries and occupational illnesses;
•   changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation) and the level of demand for products carried by csxt;
•   natural events such as severe weather conditions, including floods, fire, hurricanes and earthquakes, a pandemic crisis affecting the health of the company's employees, its shippers or the consumers of goods, or other unforeseen disruptions of the company's operations, systems, property, equipment or supply chain;
•   competition from other modes of freight transportation, such as trucking, and competition and consolidation or financial distress within the transportation industry generally;
•   the cost of compliance with laws and regulations that differ from expectations (including those associated with ptc implementation) as well as costs, penalties and operational and liquidity impacts associated with noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations;
•   the impact of increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas, including potential effects of high speed rail initiatives, or regulatory changes affecting when csxt can transport freight or service routes;
•   unanticipated conditions in the financial markets that may affect timely access to capital markets and the cost of capital, as well as management's decisions regarding share repurchases;
•   changes in fuel prices, surcharges for fuel and the availability of fuel;
•   the impact of natural gas prices on coal-fired electricity generation;
•   availability of insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or insufficient insurance coverage to cover claims or damages;
•   the inherent business risks associated with safety and security, including the transportation of hazardous materials or a cybersecurity attack which would threaten the availability and vulnerability of information technology;
•   adverse economic or operational effects from actual or threatened war or terrorist activities and any governmental response;
•   loss of key personnel or the inability to hire and retain qualified employees;
•   labor and benefit costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either the company's operations or customers' ability to deliver goods to the company for shipment;
•   the company's success in implementing its strategic, financial and operational initiatives;
•   the impact of conditions in the real estate market on the company's ability to sell assets;
•   changes in operating conditions and costs or commodity concentrations; and
•   the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions.
other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and in csx's other sec reports, which are accessible on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.csx.com. the information on the csx website is not part of this annual report on form 10-k.