item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview we are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we also provide a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistics, system integration and cybersecurity services. we serve both u.s. and international customers with products and services that have defense, civil and commercial applications, with our principal customers being agencies of the u.s. government. in 2018, 70% of our $53.8 billion in net sales were from the u.s. government, either as a prime contractor or as a subcontractor (including 60% from the department of defense (dod)), 28% were from international customers (including foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government) and 2% were from u.s. commercial and other customers. our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity.
we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, missiles and fire control (mfc), rotary and mission systems (rms) and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered.
we operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the u.s. and globally. a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our u.s. and international customers at affordable prices. recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. we continue to focus on affordability initiatives. we also expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. we define free cash flow as cash from operations as determined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), less capital expenditures as presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
2019 financial trends we expect our 2019 net sales to increase in the mid-single digit range from 2018 levels. the projected growth is driven by increased production and sustainment on the f-35 program at aeronautics and key contract awards and increased volume in the tactical and strike missiles business at mfc. total business segment operating profit margin in 2019 is expected to be approximately 10.8%; and cash from operations is expected to be greater than or equal to $7.4 billion. the preliminary outlook for 2019 assumes the u.s. government continues to support and fund our key programs. changes in circumstances may require us to revise our assumptions, which could materially change our current estimate of 2019 net sales, operating margin and cash flows.
we expect the net 2019 fas/cas pension benefit to be approximately $1.5 billion based on a 4.25% discount rate (a 62.5 basis point increase from the end of 2017), a negative 5.00% return on plan assets in 2018, a 7.00% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets in future years (a 50 basis point decrease from the end of 2017), and the revised longevity assumptions released during the fourth quarter of 2018 by the society of actuaries. as a result of our $5.0 billion in contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, we do not expect to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2019.
portfolio shaping activities we continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers. we accomplish this in part by our independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities.
we selectively pursue the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. we also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. in pursuing our business strategy, we routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and equity investments.
divestiture of the information systems & global solutions business on august 16, 2016, we divested our former information systems & global solutions (is&gs) business, which merged with leidos holdings, inc. (leidos), in a reverse morris trust transaction (the "transaction"). as a result of the transaction, we recognized a net gain of approximately $1.3 billion, including $1.2 billion recognized in 2016. in 2017, we recognized an additional gain of $73 million, which reflects certain post-closing adjustments, including certain tax adjustments and the final determination of net working capital. for additional information, see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
consolidation of awe management limited on august 24, 2016, we increased our ownership interest in the awe management limited (awe) joint venture, which operates the united kingdom's nuclear deterrent program, from 33% to 51%. consequently, we began consolidating awe and our operating results include 100% of awe's sales and 51% of its operating profit. prior to increasing our ownership interest, we accounted for our investment in awe using the equity method of accounting. under the equity method, we recognized only 33% of awe's earnings or losses and no sales. accordingly, prior to august 24, 2016, the date we obtained control, we recorded 33% of awe's net earnings in our operating results and subsequent to august 24, 2016, we recognized 100% of awe's sales and 51% of its operating profit.
for additional information, see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
industry considerations u.s. government funding for the first time in nearly a decade, the dod began the government fiscal year (fy) with a full-year appropriation. congress passed, and the president signed into law an appropriation act that provides $685 billion in funding for the dod for fy 2019, which is comprised of $617 billion in base funding and $68 billion for the overseas contingency operations (oco) account to support the global war on terrorism (gwot). the appropriation adheres to the bipartisan budget act of 2018 (bba of 2018), which provided an additional $80 billion for national defense over two years in fy 2018 and fy 2019. however, the u.s. government has not yet passed full-year appropriations for all agencies. a majority of u.s. government agencies operated under continuing resolution funding measures through december 21, 2018. congress was unable to reach an agreement on full-year appropriations prior to its expiration. consequently, a majority of u.s. government agencies were shutdown through january 25, 2019 when an agreement was reached to provide funding under a continuing resolution funding measure through february 15, 2019. these agencies may be subject to future shutdowns if new appropriations are not passed prior to the expiration of the current continuing resolution.
the president has not yet submitted the budget proposal for fy 2020 to congress due to administrative delays associated with the partial government shutdown that began on december 22, 2018 and ended on january 25, 2019. once submitted, congress must approve or revise the president's fy 2020 budget proposal through enactment of appropriations bills and other policy legislation, which would then require final approval from the president.
currently, u.s. defense spending in fy 2020 and fy 2021 remains subject to statutory spending limits established by the budget control act of 2011 (budget control act). the budget control act spending limits were modified for fiscal years 2013 through 2019 by the american taxpayer relief act of 2012, the bipartisan budget act of 2013, the bipartisan budget act of 2015, and most recently the bba of 2018. however, these acts do not alter the spending limits beyond fy 2019. as currently enacted, the budget control act limits defense spending to $576 billion (including approximately $550 billion for dod) for fy 2020 with a modest increase to $590 billion (including approximately $563 billion for dod) in 2021. the president's defense budget estimates for fy 2020 and beyond exceed the spending limits established by the budget control act. as a result, continued budget uncertainty and the risk of future sequestration cuts remain unless the budget control act is repealed or significantly modified. see also the discussion of u.s. government funding risks within item 1a - risk factors.
international business a key component of our strategic plan is to grow our international sales. to accomplish this growth, we continue to focus on strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. we conduct business with international customers through each of our business segments through either fms or direct sales to international customers.
international customers accounted for 36% of aeronautics' 2018 net sales. there continues to be strong international interest in the f-35 program, which includes commitments from the u.s. government and eight international partner countries and four international customers, as well as expressions of interest from other countries. the u.s. government and the eight partner countries continue to work together on the design, testing, production, and sustainment of the f-35 program. the international commitment to the program continues to grow. during 2018, the government of belgium announced its decision to purchase 34 f-35 aircraft. additionally in 2018, we finalized the low rate initial production (lrip) 11 contract with the dod at $11.5 billion of funding for the production of 141 f-35 aircraft. this award includes international f-35 partners and fms customers. other areas of international expansion at our aeronautics business segment include the f-16 program. during 2018, we received a $1.1 billion contract from the u.s. government to produce 16 new production f-16 block 70 aircraft for the royal bahraini air force. the undefinitized contract action (uca) award represents the first f-16 block 70 sale and the first f-16 production program to be performed in greenville, south carolina. additionally, in december 2018, slovakia signed a letter of offer and acceptance (loa) to procure 14 new production f-16 block 70/72 aircraft and we were awarded a contract to upgrade 84 f-16 aircraft for the greek ministry of defence.
in 2018, international customers accounted for 26% of mfc's net sales. our mfc business segment continues to generate significant international interest, most notably in the air and missile defense product line, which produces the patriot advanced capability-3 (pac-3) and terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) systems. the pac-3 is an advanced missile defense system designed to intercept incoming airborne threats. we have ongoing pac-3 programs for production and sustainment activities in the kingdom of saudi arabia, uae, qatar, the republic of korea, japan and taiwan. additionally during 2018, the u.s. and swedish officials formalized an agreement to provide pac-3 missiles to sweden. thaad is an integrated system designed to protect against high altitude ballistic missile threats. uae is an international customer for thaad, and other countries in the middle east, europe and the asia-pacific region have also expressed interest in our air and missile defense systems, including the kingdom of saudi arabia. additionally, we continue to see international demand for our tactical missile and fire control products, where we received orders for hellfire missile systems from the netherlands and japan, precision fires systems from romania, as well as interest from poland, where we will be submitting a proposal for a multiple launch rocket system (mlrs). other mfc international customers include the united kingdom, germany, india, kuwait, and bahrain.
in 2018, international customers accounted for 26% of rms' net sales. our rms business segment continues to experience international interest in the aegis ballistic missile defense system. we perform activities in the development, production, modernization, ship integration, test and lifetime support for ships of international customers such as japan, spain, republic of korea, and australia. we have ongoing programs in canada and chile for combat systems equipment upgrades on halifax-class and type 23 frigates. in our training and logistics solutions portfolio, we have active programs and pursuits in the united kingdom, the kingdom of saudi arabia, canada, egypt, singapore, and australia. in addition, sikorsky adds a significant international component to the rms business segment with an installed base of over 1,000 aircraft internationally. we have active development, production, and sustainment support of the s-70i black hawk速 and mh-60 seahawk速 aircraft to foreign military customers, including chile, australia, denmark, taiwan, the kingdom of saudi arabia and colombia. commercial aircraft are sold to customers in the oil and gas industry, emergency medical evacuation, search and rescue fleets, and vip customers in over 30 countries.
international customers accounted for 16% of space's 2018 net sales. our space business segment includes the operations of awe, which operates the united kingdom's nuclear deterrent program. the work at awe covers the entire life cycle, from initial concept, assessment and design, through component manufacture and assembly, in-service support and decommissioning and disposal. in addition, space has international contracts with the kingdom of saudi arabia and japan to design and manufacture geostationary communication satellites using the a2100 satellite platform.
status of the f-35 program the f-35 program primarily consists of production contracts, sustainment activities, and new development efforts. production of the aircraft is expected to continue for many years given the u.s. government's current inventory objective of 2,456 aircraft for the u.s. air force, u.s. marine corps, and u.s. navy; commitments from our eight international partners and three international customers; as well as expressions of interest from other countries.
during 2018, the f-35 program completed several milestones both domestically and internationally. the u.s. government continued testing the aircraft, including ship trials, mission and weapons systems evaluations, and the f-35 fleet recently surpassed 175,000 flight hours. in april 2018, we completed the system development and demonstration (sdd) flight testing portion of the development contract and began the next phase of development in support of phased capability improvements and modernization of the f-35 air system. this next phase of development work is being performed separately from the basic sdd contract as part of the joint program office's continuous capability development and delivery (c2d2) strategy. on june 11, we delivered the 300th production f-35 aircraft, demonstrating the f-35 program's continued progress and longevity. the first 300 f-35 aircraft delivered to u.s. and international customers include 197 f-35a variants, 75 f-35b variants, and 28 f-35c variants. in december 2018, the dod officially approved the f-35 program to begin the formal initial operational test & evaluation (iot&e) phase. testing is expected to be completed during 2019. the data will be analyzed by the u.s. government as part of their evaluation to transition the f-35 program from lrip into full-rate production at the end of 2019.
several milestones were also achieved with our u.s. government and international customers. first, united kingdom's f-35b carried out the first trials with uk-built weapons. this represents a key part of the work-up toward initial operating capability efforts. second, f-35cs' participated in integrated flight operations aboard the uss abraham lincoln. third, a u.s. marine corps f-35b conducted the first combat strike in the u.s. central command area of responsibility in support of operation freedom's sentinel in afghanistan on september 27. fourth, the royal navy landed the f-35b on the hms queen elizabeth.
on september 28, we finalized the lrip 11 contract with the dod at $11.5 billion for the production and delivery of 141 f-35 aircraft at the lowest per aircraft price in program history. in november 2018, the u.s. government awarded an aggregate $22.7 billion uca block buy for the production of 252 f-35 aircraft in order to provide greater production efficiency, stability and cost savings. as of december 31, 2018, we have delivered 357 production aircraft to our u.s. and international partners, and we have 396 production aircraft in backlog, including orders from our international partners.
given the size and complexity of the f-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the dod, congressional, and international partners' oversight and budgeting processes. current program challenges include, but are not limited to, supplier and partner performance, software development, level of cost associated with life cycle operations and sustainment and warranties, receiving funding for production contracts on a timely basis, executing future flight tests, findings resulting from testing and operating the aircraft.
consolidated results of operations since our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. the following discussions of comparative results among years should be reviewed in this context. all per share amounts cited in these discussions are presented on a "per diluted share" basis, unless otherwise noted. our consolidated results of operations were as follows (in millions, except per share data):
gross profit                                                      7,274               6,371               5,401
operating profit (a)                                              7,334               6,744               5,888
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes           5,838               5,246               4,754
(a)   for the year ended december 31, 2018, operating profit includes a non-cash asset impairment charge of $110 million related to our equity method investee, advanced military maintenance, repair and overhaul center llc (ammroc). for the year ended december 31, 2017, operating profit includes a $64 million charge, which represents our portion of a non-cash asset impairment charge recorded by ammroc (see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information). for the year ended december 31, 2017, operating profit includes a previously deferred non-cash gain of approximately $198 million related to properties sold in 2015 (see "note 8 - property, plant and equipment, net" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information). for the year ended december 31, 2016, operating profit includes a non-cash gain on the step acquisition of awe of approximately $104 million (see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information).
(b)   in 2017, we recorded a net one-time tax charge of $2.0 billion ($6.77 per share), substantially all of which was non-cash, primarily related to the estimated impact of the tax cuts and jobs act. see "income tax expense" section below and "note 9 - income taxes" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
certain amounts reported in other income, net, primarily our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees, are included in the operating profit of our business segments. accordingly, such amounts are included in our discussion of our business segment results of operations.
net sales we generate sales from the delivery of products and services to our customers. our consolidated net sales were as follows (in millions):
substantially all of our contracts are accounted for using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method, we record net sales on contracts over time based upon our progress towards completion on a particular contract, as well as our estimate of the profit to be earned at completion. the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated net sales should be read in tandem with the subsequent discussion of changes in our consolidated cost of sales and our business segment results of operations because changes in our sales are typically accompanied by a corresponding change in our cost of sales due to the nature of the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method.
product sales product sales increased $2.5 billion, or 6%, in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher product sales of about $1.2 billion at aeronautics, $1.0 billion at mfc and $315 million at rms. higher product sales at aeronautics was primarily due to higher production volume for the f-35 program and higher volume on modernization contracts for the f-16 program. the increase at mfc was primarily due to increased volume for tactical and strike missiles programs (primarily classified programs and precision fires). the increase at rms was primarily due to increased production volume for integrated warfare systems and sensors (iwss) programs (primarily radar surveillance systems).
product sales increased $2.4 billion, or 6%, in 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher product sales of about $1.9 billion at aeronautics and $340 million at mfc. the increase in product sales at aeronautics was primarily attributable to higher sales for the f-35 program due to increased production volume and higher sales for the c-130 program due to increased production volume and aircraft configuration mix, partially offset by a decrease in sales for the c-5 program due to lower production volume. higher product sales at mfc was primarily due to an increase in sales for air and missile defense programs due to higher volume (primarily terminal high altitude area defense (thaad)), higher sales for tactical and strike missile programs due to product configuration mix (primarily precision fires) and increased volume (primarily classified programs), and higher sales for sensor and global sustainment programs due to increased volume (primarily low altitude navigation and targeting infrared for night (lantirn速) and sniper速).
service sales service sales increased $1.3 billion, or 17%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to an increase in service sales of about $605 million at aeronautics, $270 million at rms, and $245 million at space. the increase in service sales at aeronautics was primarily due to higher sustainment volume for the f-35 and f-22 programs. higher service sales at rms was primarily due to increased volume for c6isr (command, control, communications, computers, cyber, combat systems, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance) and iwss programs. the increase in service sales at space was primarily due to increased volume on government satellite services.
service sales increased $249 million, or 3%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily due to an increase in service sales of about $200 million at aeronautics, $155 million at mfc and $70 million at rms. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in service sales of about $180 million at space. the increase in service sales at aeronautics was primarily due to increased volume on sustainment activities (primarily the f-35 and c-130 programs). higher service sales at mfc was primarily attributable to increased volume on sustainment activities (primarily patriot advanced capability-3 (pac-3) and special operations forces contractor logistics support services (sof clss)). higher service sales at rms was primarily due to increased volume on sustainment activities at sikorsky. the decrease in service sales at space was primarily due to lower launch related volume for space transportation programs, partially offset by increased volume for government satellite services.
cost of sales cost of sales, for both products and services, consist of materials, labor, subcontracting costs, an allocation of indirect costs (overhead and general and administrative), as well as the costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers. for each of our contracts, we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. our consolidated cost of sales were as follows (in millions):
severance and restructuring charges               (96   )                     -                       (80   )
the following discussion of material changes in our consolidated cost of sales for products and services should be read in tandem with the preceding discussion of changes in our consolidated net sales and our business segment results of operations. we have not identified any developing trends in cost of sales for products and services that would have a material impact on our future operations.
product costs product costs increased approximately $1.9 billion, or 5%, in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase was primarily due to increased product costs of about $1.2 billion at aeronautics and $820 million at mfc. higher product costs at aeronautics was primarily due to higher production volume for the f-35 program and higher volume on modernization contracts for the f-16 program. the increase in product costs at mfc was primarily due to increased volume for tactical and strike missiles programs (primarily classified programs and precision fires).
product costs increased approximately $2.0 billion, or 6%, in 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was primarily due to increased product costs of about $1.5 billion at aeronautics and $315 million at mfc. the increase in product costs at aeronautics was primarily due to increased volume on aircraft production for the f-35 program and higher cost for the c-130 program due to increased production volume and aircraft configuration mix, partially offset by a decrease in cost for the c-5 program due to lower production volume. higher product costs at mfc was primarily attributable to an increase in cost for tactical and strike missile programs due to product configuration mix (primarily precision fires) and increased volume (classified programs) and higher product costs for air and missile defense programs due to contract mix (primarily pac-3) and higher volume (primarily thaad).
service costs service costs increased approximately $1.1 billion, or 16%, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to increased service costs of about $535 million at aeronautics, $215 million at rms, and $170 million at space. the increase in service costs at aeronautics was primarily due to higher sustainment volume for the f-35 and f-22 programs. higher service costs at rms were primarily due to increased volume for various c6isr and iwss programs. the increase in service costs at space was primarily due to increased volume on government satellite services.
service costs increased approximately $250 million, or 4%, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to increased service costs of about $230 million at aeronautics and $150 million at mfc. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of about$135 million at space. higher service costs at aeronautics was primarily due to increased volume on sustainment activities (primarily the f-35 and c-130 programs). higher service costs at mfc was primarily attributable to higher volume on sustainment activities (primarily pac-3 and sof clss). the decrease in service costs at space was primarily due to lower launch related volume for space transportation programs, partially offset by increased volume for government satellite services.
restructuring charges
2018 actions during 2018, we recorded charges totaling $96 million ($76 million, or $0.26 per share, after tax) related to certain severance and restructuring actions at our rms business segment. these charges consist of $75 million of severance costs for the planned elimination of certain positions through either voluntary or involuntary actions and $21 million of asset impairment charges associated with our decision to consolidate certain operations. upon separation, terminated employees will receive lump-sum severance payments primarily based on years of service, a majority of which we expect to pay by the end of 2019. these actions resulted from a strategic review of our rms business segment and are intended to improve the efficiency of our operations and better align our organization and cost structure with changing economic conditions. we expect to recover a portion of the severance and restructuring charges through the pricing of our products and services to the u.s. government and other customers in future periods, which will be included in rms' operating results. during 2018, we paid approximately $33 million in severance payments associated with these actions.
2016 actions during 2016, we recorded severance charges totaling approximately $80 million related to our aeronautics business segment. the charges consisted of severance costs associated with the planned elimination of certain positions through either voluntary or involuntary actions. upon separation, terminated employees receive lump-sum severance payments primarily based on years of service, the majority of which are expected to be paid over the next several quarters. as of the end of the first quarter of 2017, we had substantially paid the severance costs associated with these actions.
other unallocated, net other unallocated, net primarily includes the fas/cas operating adjustment as described in the "business segment results of operations" section below, stock-based compensation and other corporate costs. these items are not allocated to the business segments and, therefore, are excluded from the cost of sales for products and services. other unallocated, net was a net reduction to expense of $1.6 billion in 2018, $1.5 billion in 2017 and $1.0 billion in 2016.
the increase in net reduction in expense from 2018 to 2017 and 2017 to 2016 was primarily attributable to fluctuations in the fas/cas operating adjustment of $1.8 billion in 2018, $1.6 billion in 2017 and $1.3 billion in 2016, partially offset by fluctuations in other costs associated with various corporate items, none of which were individually significant. the increase in the fas/cas operating adjustment over the periods was primarily attributable to an increase in u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas) pension cost due to the impact of phasing in cas harmonization. see "critical accounting policies - postretirement benefit plans" discussion below for more information on our cas pension cost. additionally, the increase in net reduction to expense in 2017 as compared to 2016 was driven by corporate overhead costs reclassified during 2016 from our former is&gs business to other unallocated, net. see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about costs reclassified to other unallocated, net.
other income, net other income, net primarily includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees and gains or losses for acquisitions and divestitures. other income, net in 2018 was $60 million, compared to $373 million in 2017 and $487 million in 2016. the decrease in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily attributable to the recognition in 2018 of a non-cash asset impairment charge of $110 million ($83 million, or $0.29 per share, after tax) related to our equity method investee, ammroc, decreased earnings generated by equity method investees, and the recognition in 2017 of a previously deferred non-cash gain of approximately $198 million related to properties sold in 2015. the decrease in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to decreased earnings generated by equity method investees and recognition in 2017 of our portion of a non-cash asset impairment charge recorded by our equity method investee, ammroc. these decreases were partially offset by the recognition in 2017 of a previously deferred non-cash gain of approximately $198 million related to properties sold in 2015, which was greater than the net gain of $104 million recognized in the third quarter of 2016 on the step acquisition of awe.
interest expense interest expense in 2018 was $668 million, compared to $651 million in 2017 and $663 million in 2016. the slight increase in interest expense in 2018 resulted primarily from increased interest expense on interest rate swaps and commercial paper, partially offset by our scheduled repayment of $750 million of debt during 2018. the decrease in interest expense in 2017 resulted primarily from our scheduled repayment of $952 million of debt during 2016. see "capital structure, resources and other" included within "liquidity and cash flows" discussion below and "note 10 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our debt.
other non-operating expense, net other non-operating expense, net primarily includes the non-service cost components of fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense (i.e., interest cost, expected return on plan assets, net actuarial gains or losses, and amortization of prior service cost or credits) related to our postretirement benefit plans. other non-operating expense, net in 2018 decreased slightly compared to 2017 primarily due to fluctuations in other costs associated with various items, none of which were individually significant. other non-operating expense, net increased $376 million from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to higher non-service cost components of fas expense related to a lower discount rate and lower expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
income tax expense our effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 13.6% for 2018, 64.0% for 2017, and 23.0% for 2016. on december 22, 2017, the president signed the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"). the tax act, among other things, lowered the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. consequently, we wrote down our net deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2017 by $2.0 billion to reflect the estimated impact of the tax act. we recorded a corresponding net one-time charge of $2.0 billion ($6.77 per share), substantially all of which was non-cash, primarily related to enactment of the tax act, the re-measurement of certain net deferred tax assets using the lower u.s. corporate income tax rate (approximately $1.9 billion), a deemed repatriation tax (approximately $43 million), and a reduction in the u.s. manufacturing benefit (approximately $81 million) as a result of our decision to accelerate contributions to our pension fund in 2018 in order to receive a tax deduction in 2017. the net one-time charge related to the tax act increased our 2017 effective income tax rate by 37.5 percentage points. our effective income tax rate and cash tax payments in years after 2017 are expected to benefit materially from the enactment of the tax act. as of december 22, 2018, we completed our accounting for all of the enactment-date income tax effects of the tax act and did not identify any material changes to the provisional, net, one-time charge for the year ended december 31, 2017, related to the tax act.
we recognized a new tax benefit in 2018 of $61 million related to the deduction for foreign derived intangible income enacted by the tax act, which reduced our effective income tax rate by 1.0 percentage point. we also recognized a tax benefit of $61 million in 2018, which reduced our effective income tax rate by 1.0 percentage point, from our change in a tax accounting method reflecting a 2012 court of federal claims decision, which held that the tax basis in certain assets should be increased and realized upon the assets' disposition.
the rates for all periods benefited from tax deductions for dividends paid to our defined contribution plans with an employee stock ownership plan feature, and the u.s. research and development (r&d) tax credit. the tax act repealed the u.s. manufacturing benefit for years after 2017. the u.s. manufacturing benefit for 2017 was insignificant, compared to a reduction of our effective tax rate by 2.5 percentage points for 2016. the 2017 benefit was reduced by $81 million because of our 2017 decision after enactment of the tax act to make accelerated contributions of cash in 2018 to our defined benefit pension plans. the r&d tax credit reduced our effective tax rate by 2.4 percentage points in 2018 and 2.2 percentage points in both 2017 and 2016. the rate for 2016 also benefited from the nontaxable gain recorded in connection with the consolidation of awe.
in addition, the rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 benefited from tax benefits related to employee share-based payment awards, which are now recorded in earnings as income tax benefit or expense, effective with the adoption of an accounting standard update during 2016. accordingly, we recognized additional income tax benefits of $55 million, $106 million, and $152 million during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, which reduced our effective income tax rate by 0.9 percentage points, 2.0 percentage points, and 3.2 percentage points.
future changes in tax laws could significantly impact our provision for income taxes, the amount of taxes payable, our deferred tax asset and liability balances, and stockholders' equity. the amount of net deferred tax assets will change periodically based on several factors, including the measurement of our postretirement benefit plan obligations, actual cash contributions to our postretirement benefit plans, and future changes in tax laws.
net earnings from continuing operations we reported net earnings from continuing operations of $5.0 billion ($17.59 per share) in 2018, $1.9 billion ($6.50 per share) in 2017 and $3.7 billion ($12.08 per share) in 2016. both net earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations were affected by the factors mentioned above. earnings per share also benefited from a net decrease of approximately 3.0 million common shares outstanding from december 31, 2017 to december 31, 2018 as a result of share repurchases, partially offset by share issuance under our stock-based awards and certain defined contribution plans. from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017 earnings per share benefited from a decrease of approximately 5.0 million common shares outstanding as a result of share repurchases, partially offset by share issuance under our stock-based awards and certain defined contribution plans.
net earnings from discontinued operations we reported net earnings from discontinued operations related to the 2016 divestiture of the is&gs business of $73 million ($0.25 per share) in 2017 and $1.5 billion ($4.99 per share) in 2016. net earnings from discontinued operations in 2017 reflects certain post-closing adjustments, including final working capital and tax adjustments. net earnings from discontinued operations in 2016 included an initial net gain of approximately $1.2 billion recognized as a result of the divestiture of the is&gs business.
business segment results of operations we operate in four business segments: aeronautics, mfc, rms and space. we organize our business segments based on the nature of the products and services offered. the financial information in the following tables includes the results of businesses we have acquired from their respective dates of acquisition and excludes businesses included in discontinued operations (see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements) for all years presented. net sales of our business segments exclude intersegment sales as these activities are eliminated in consolidation.
operating profit of our business segments includes our share of earnings or losses from equity method investees because the operating activities of the equity method investees are closely aligned with the operations of our business segments. united launch alliance (ula), results of which are included in our space business segment, is one of our largest equity method investees. operating profit of our business segments excludes the fas/cas operating adjustment for our qualified defined benefit pension plans (described below); the adjustment from cas to the fas service cost component for all other postretirement benefit plans; expense for stock-based compensation; the effects of items not considered part of management's evaluation of segment operating performance, such as charges related to goodwill impairments (see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements) and significant severance and restructuring actions (see "note 15 - severance and restructuring charges" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements); gains or losses from significant divestitures (see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements); the effects of certain legal settlements; corporate costs not allocated to our business segments; and other miscellaneous corporate activities. these items are included in the reconciling item "unallocated items" between operating profit from our business segments and our consolidated operating profit.
our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under u.s. government cost accounting standards, which we refer to as cas pension cost. we recover cas pension cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, the cas pension cost is recognized in each of our business segments' net sales and cost of sales. our consolidated operating profit in our consolidated financial statements must present the service cost component of fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense calculated in accordance with fas requirements under u.s. gaap. the operating portion of the net fas/cas operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension expense and the cas pension cost recorded in our business segments' results of operations. the non-service fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan cost component is included in other non-operating expenses, net on our consolidated statement of earnings. as a result, to the extent that cas pension cost exceeds the service cost component of fas pension expense, which occurred for 2018, 2017 and 2016, we have a favorable fas/cas operating adjustment.
summary operating results for each of our business segments were as follows (in millions):
missiles and fire control                         8,462               7,282               6,789
rotary and mission systems                       14,250              13,663              13,595
operating profit aeronautics                                      $2,272              $2,176              $1,845
missiles and fire control                         1,248               1,034               1,004
rotary and mission systems                        1,302                 902                 845
total business segment operating profit           5,877               5,092               4,982
unallocated items fas/cas operating adjustment (b)                  1,803               1,613               1,250
severance and restructuring charges (c)             (96   )               -                 (80   )
total consolidated operating profit              $7,334              $6,744              $5,888
(a)   on august 24, 2016, our ownership interest in the awe joint venture increased from 33% to 51% and we were required to change our accounting for this investment from the equity method to consolidation. as a result of the increased ownership interest, we recognized a non-cash gain of $127 million at our space business segment, which increased net earnings from continuing operations by $104 million ($0.34 per share) in 2016. see "note 3 - acquisition and divestitures" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information).
(b)   the fas/cas operating adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension expense and total pension costs recoverable on u.s. government contracts as determined in accordance with cas. for a detail of the fas/cas operating adjustment and the total net fas/cas pension adjustment, see the table below.
(c)   see "consolidated results of operations - restructuring charges" discussion above for information on charges related to certain severance actions at our business segments. severance and restructuring charges for initiatives that are not significant are included in business segment operating profit.
(d)   other, net in 2018 includes a non-cash asset impairment charge of $110 million related to our equity method investee, ammroc (see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information). other, net in 2017 includes a previously deferred non-cash gain of $198 million related to properties sold in 2015 as a result of completing our remaining obligations (see "note 8 - property, plant and equipment, net" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information) and a $64 million charge, which represents our portion of a non-cash asset impairment charge recorded by ammroc (see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements for more information).
total fas expense and cas costs fas pension expense                                 $(1,431   )         $(1,372   )         $(1,019   )
(a)   we record the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost as part of other non-operating expense, net in the consolidated statement of earnings. the non-service cost components in the table above relate only to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. we incurred total non-service costs for our qualified defined benefit pension plans in the table above, along with similar costs for our other postretirement benefit plans of $67 million, $109 million, and $123 million for the years ended 2018, 2017 and 2016.
we recover cas pension cost through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts and, therefore, recognize cas pension cost in each of our business segment's net sales and cost of sales. our consolidated financial statements must present fas pension and other postretirement benefit plan expense calculated in accordance with fas requirements under u.s. gaap. the operating portion of the net fas/cas pension adjustment represents the difference between the service cost component of fas pension expense and cas pension cost. the non-service fas pension cost component is included in other non-operating expense, net on our consolidated statements of earnings. the net fas/cas pension adjustment increases or decreases cas pension cost to equal total fas pension expense (both service and non-service).
the following segment discussions also include information relating to backlog for each segment. backlog was approximately $130.5 billion, $105.5 billion and $103.5 billion at december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. these amounts included both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding has been both authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding has not yet been appropriated). backlog does not include unexercised options or task orders to be issued under indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts. funded backlog was approximately $86.4 billion at december 31, 2018.
management evaluates performance on our contracts by focusing on net sales and operating profit and not by type or amount of operating expense. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing the business. this approach is consistent throughout the life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance on our contracts in a similar manner through their completion.
we regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. the cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. for example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product (such as a wing-box on an aircraft) and for services would align to the type of work being performed (such as aircraft sustainment). our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. this approach for negotiating contracts with our u.s. government customers generally allows for the recovery of our costs. we also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices.
many of our contracts span several years and include highly complex technical requirements. at the outset of a contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding
the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate.
we have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the u.s. government which cannot be specifically described. the operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.
our net sales are primarily derived from long-term contracts for products and services provided to the u.s. government as well as fms contracted through the u.s. government. we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied.
changes in net sales and operating profit generally are expressed in terms of volume. changes in volume refer to increases or decreases in sales or operating profit resulting from varying production activity levels or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes in segment operating profit are typically based on the current profit booking rate for a particular contract.
in addition, comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margins may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts accounted for using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to complete and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating profit and margins may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on restructuring charges, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; severance and restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results; reserves for disputes; asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets. segment operating profit and items such as risk retirements, reductions of profit booking rates or other matters are presented net of state income taxes.
as previously disclosed, we have a program, eadge-t, to design, integrate, and install an air missile defense command, control, communications, computers - intelligence (c4i) system for an international customer that has experienced performance matters and for which we have periodically accrued reserves. in 2017, we revised our estimated costs to complete the eadge-t contract as a consequence of ongoing performance matters and recorded an additional charge of $120 million ($74 million or $0.25 per share, after tax) at our rms business segment, which resulted in cumulative losses of approximately $260 million on this program. as of december 31, 2018, cumulative losses remained at approximately $260 million. we continue to monitor program requirements and our performance. at this time, we do not anticipate additional charges that would be material to our operating results or financial condition.
we have two commercial satellite programs, for the delivery of three satellites in total, to international customers at our space business segment, for which we have experienced performance issues related to the development and integration of a modernized lm 2100 satellite platform. these programs require the development of new satellite technology to enhance the lm 2100's power, propulsion and electronics, among other items. the enhanced lm 2100 satellite platform is expected to benefit other commercial and government satellite programs. we have periodically revised our estimated costs to complete these developmental commercial programs. we have recorded cumulative losses of approximately $380 million through december 31, 2018. in 2018, we recorded losses of approximately $75 million ($56 million, or $0.20 per share, after tax). while these losses reflect our estimated total losses on the programs, we will continue to incur general and administrative costs each period until we complete these programs. these programs remain developmental and further challenges in the delivery and integration of new satellite technology, anomalies discovered during system testing requiring repair or rework, further schedule delays and potential penalties could require that we record additional loss reserves which could be material to our operating results. we previously disclosed that, as we did not meet the july 2018 delivery requirement for two satellites, the customer could seek to exercise termination rights. one of the satellites has now been launched, eliminating this risk. as the other is expected to launch in the first half of 2019, we believe it unlikely that the customer will seek to do so. were the customer to seek to exercise a termination right and be successful in this effort, we would have to refund the payments we have received and pay certain penalties. on the third satellite, we currently anticipate delivery before the date upon which the customer could seek to exercise a termination right although we may have to pay certain penalties and have sought to address this possibility in our reserves.
we are responsible for designing, developing and installing an upgraded turret for the warrior capability sustainment program. in 2018, we revised our estimated costs to complete the program as a consequence of performance issues, and recorded a charge of approximately $85 million ($64 million, or $0.22 per share, after tax) at our mfc business segment, which resulted in cumulative losses of approximately $140 million on this program as of december 31, 2018. we may continue to experience issues related to customer requirements and our performance under this contract and have to record additional charges. however, based on the losses already recorded and our current estimate of the sales and costs to complete the program, at this time we do not anticipate that additional losses, if any, would be material to our operating results or financial condition.
our consolidated net adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, net of state income taxes, increased segment operating profit by approximately $1.9 billion in 2018, $1.6 billion in 2017 and $1.4 billion in 2016. the increase in consolidated net adjustments in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to increases in profit booking rate adjustments at our mfc, rms, and space business segments, partially offset by a decrease at our aeronautics business segment. the increase in our consolidated net adjustments in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to an increases in profit booking rate adjustments at our aeronautics and space business segments, partially offset by a decrease at our rms business segment. the consolidated net adjustments for 2018 are inclusive of approximately $900 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for performance matters on the warrior capability sustainment program at mfc, various programs at rms, and commercial satellite programs at space. the consolidated net adjustments for 2017 are inclusive of approximately $800 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for performance matters on the eadge-t contract, vertical launching system (vls) program and other programs at rms and on commercial satellite programs at space. the consolidated net adjustments for 2016 are inclusive of approximately $535 million in unfavorable items, which include reserves for performance matters on the eadge-t contract at rms and on commercial satellite programs at space.
aeronautics our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. aeronautics' major programs include the f-35 lightning ii joint strike fighter, c130 hercules, f-16 fighting falcon and f-22 raptor. aeronautics' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit              2,272               2,176               1,845
aeronautics' net sales in 2018 increased $1.8 billion, or 9%, compared to 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $1.5 billion for the f-35 program due to increased volume on production and sustainment, partially offset by lower volume on development activities; about $300 million for other programs due to higher volume (primarily adp); about $210 million for the f-16 program due to increased volume on modernization contracts; and about $110 million for the f-22 program due to increased sustainment volume. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $130 million for the c-130 program primarily due to lower volume on sustainment activities and about $130 million for the c-5 program due to lower volume as deliveries under the current production modernization program were completed in the third quarter of 2018.
aeronautics' operating profit in 2018 increased $96 million, or 4%, compared to 2017. operating profit increased approximately $250 million for the f-35 program due to increased volume on higher margin production contracts and new development activities and better performance on sustainment. this increase was partially offset by a decrease of about $65 million for the c-130 program due to lower risk retirements and lower sustainment volume; about $60 million for the f-16 program due to lower risk retirements; and about $35 million for the c-5 program due to lower risk retirements and lower production volume. adjustments not related to volume, primarily net profit booking rate adjustments, were about $175 million lower in 2018 compared to 2017.
aeronautics' net sales in 2017 increased $2.1 billion, or 12%, compared to 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $2.0 billion for the f-35 program due to increased volume on production and sustainment; about $155 million for the c-130 program primarily due to increased production volume and due to aircraft configuration mix; and about
$95 million for the f-22 program due to higher volume on aircraft modernization programs. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $195 million for the c-5 program due to lower production volume.
aeronautics' operating profit in 2017 increased $331 million, or 18%, compared to 2016. operating profit increased approximately $300 million for the f-35 program due to increased volume on aircraft production and sustainment activities and higher risk retirements and about $85 million for the f-16 program due to higher risk retirements partially offset by lower volume on aircraft modernization programs. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of about $30 million due to lower equity earnings from an investee. adjustments not related to volume, primarily net profit booking rate adjustments, were about $245 million higher in 2017 compared to 2016.
trends we currently expect aeronautics' 2019 net sales to increase in the high-single digit percentage range as compared to 2018 driven by the increased volume on the f-35 program. operating profit is also expected to increase in the high-single digit percentage range, resulting in comparable operating profit margins in 2019 as compared to 2018.
missiles and fire control our mfc business segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; manned and unmanned ground vehicles; and energy management solutions. mfc's major programs include pac3, thaad, mlrs, hellfire, jassm, javelin, apache, sniper速, lantirn速 and special operations forces global logistics support services (sof glss). mfc's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit              1,248               1,034               1,004
mfc's net sales in 2018 increased $1.2 billion, or 16%, compared to the same period in 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $925 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to increased volume (primarily classified programs and precision fires); and about $185 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to increased volume (primarily lantirn, sniper, and apache).
mfc's operating profit in 2018 increased $214 million, or 21%, compared to 2017. operating profit increased approximately $140 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to reserves which were recorded in 2017 but did not recur in 2018 (primarily joint air to ground missile (jagm)), higher risk retirements (primarily precision fires and hellfire) and higher volume (primarily precision fires); and about $50 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to higher risk retirements and higher volume (primarily lantirn, sniper, and apache), after charges of approximately $85 million previously recorded in 2018 for performance matters on the warrior capability sustainment program. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $200 million higher in 2018 compared to 2017.
mfc's net sales in 2017 increased $493 million, or 7%, compared to 2016. the increase was attributable to higher net sales of approximately $205 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to contract mix on certain programs (primarily pac-3) and increased volume on certain programs (primarily thaad); and about $135 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to increased volume (primarily sof glss and lantirn and sniper); and about $110 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to product configuration mix (primarily precision fires) and increased volume (primarily classified programs).
mfc's operating profit in 2017 increased $30 million, or 3%, compared to 2016. operating profit increased about $85 million for integrated air and missile defense programs due to increased volume (primarily thaad), contract mix (primarily pac-3), and a reserve recorded in fiscal year 2016 for a contractual matter that did not recur in 2017; and about $85 million for sensors and global sustainment programs due to increased risk retirements and higher volume (primarily lantirn and sniper). these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $120 million for tactical and strike missile programs due to lower risk retirements (primarily precision fires and hellfire) and the establishment of a reserve on a program. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $10 million higher in 2017 compared to 2016.
trends we currently expect mfc's net sales to increase in the low-double digit percentage range in 2019 as compared to 2018 driven by key contract awards in 2018 and higher volume in the tactical and strike missiles business. operating profit is expected to increase in the high-single digit percentage range in 2019 as compared to 2018 driven by the increase in sales volume. operating profit margin for 2019 is expected to be slightly lower than 2018 levels.
rotary and mission systems our rms business segment provides design, manufacture, service and support for a variety of military and commercial helicopters; ship and submarine mission and combat systems; mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft; sea and land-based missile defense systems; radar systems; the littoral combat ship (lcs); simulation and training services; and unmanned systems and technologies. in addition, rms supports the needs of government customers in cybersecurity and delivers communication and command and control capabilities through complex mission solutions for defense applications. rms' major programs include black hawk and seahawk helicopters, aegis combat system (aegis), lcs, ch-53k king stallion helicopter, vh-92a helicopter program, advanced hawkeye radar system, and the command, control, battle management and communications (c2bmc) contract. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2017, we realigned certain programs within the rms business segment to align with changes in management structure. rms' operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit              1,302                 902                 845
rms' net sales in 2018 increased $587 million, or 4%, compared to 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $525 million for iwss programs due to higher volume (primarily radar surveillance systems programs and multi mission surface combatant); and about $250 million for c6isr programs due to higher volume on multiple programs. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $270 million for sikorsky helicopter programs, which reflect lower volume for black hawk production, partially offset by higher volume for ch-53k king stallion development and for mission systems programs.
rms' operating profit in 2018 increased $400 million, or 44%, compared to 2017. operating profit increased approximately $185 million for c6isr programs due to charges of $120 million for performance matters on the eadge-t contract, recorded in 2017 but which did not recur in 2018, and due to higher risk retirements (primarily undersea systems programs); about $155 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to better cost performance across the sikorsky portfolio and better cost performance on the multi-year ix contract; and about $105 million for iwss programs due to higher risk retirements and higher volume (primarily aegis). adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $185 million higher in 2018 compared to 2017.
rms' net sales in 2017 increased $68 million, or 1%, compared to 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to approximately $85 million for training and logistics services programs due to higher volume; about $55 million for iwss programs due to higher volume (primarily aegis); and about $40 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to certain adjustments recorded in 2016 required to account for the acquisition, partially offset by lower volume on certain helicopter programs. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of about $100 million for c6isr programs due to lower volume.
rms' operating profit in 2017 increased $57 million, or 7%, compared to 2016. operating profit increased about $120 million for sikorsky helicopter programs due to certain adjustments recorded in 2016 required to account for the acquisition; and about $30 million for iwss programs due to higher volume and increased risk retirements, partially offset by a $20 million charge for performance matters on the vertical launching system (vls) program. this increase was offset by a decrease of $105 million for c6isr programs primarily due to a net $95 million increase for charges for performance matters on the eadge-t contract. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $45 million lower in 2017 compared to 2016.
trends we currently expect rms' net sales to be slightly above 2018 levels. operating profit is also expected to be slightly above 2018 levels resulting in similar operating profit margins in 2019 as compared to 2018.
space our space business segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems. space provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates complex space and ground-based global systems to help our customers gather, analyze, and securely distribute critical intelligence data. space is also responsible for various classified systems and services in support of vital national security systems. space's major programs include the trident ii d5 fleet ballistic missile (fbm), awe, orion multi-purpose crew vehicle (orion), space based infrared system (sbirs) and next generation overhead persistent infrared (next gen opir) system, global positioning system (gps) iii, advanced extremely high frequency (aehf), and the mobile user objective system (muos). operating profit for our space business segment includes our share of earnings for our investment in ula, which provides expendable launch services to the u.s. government. space's operating results included the following (in millions):
operating profit              1,055                 980               1,288
space's net sales in 2018 increased $203 million, or 2%, compared to 2017. the increase was primarily attributable to higher net sales of approximately $225 million for strategic and missile defense programs due to higher volume (primarily awe and fbm) and about $65 million for the orion program due to higher volume. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately $70 million for commercial satellite programs due to lower volume and about $25 million for government satellite programs due to lower volume.
space's operating profit in 2018 increased $75 million, or 8%, compared to 2017. operating profit increased approximately $40 million for commercial satellite programs, which reflect a lower amount of charges recorded for performance matters on certain programs; and about $30 million for government satellite programs primarily due to higher volume and higher risk retirements for government satellite services. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $30 million higher in 2018 compared to 2017.
space's net sales in 2017 were comparable with 2016. the slight decrease was attributable to a decrease of approximately $300 million for space transportation programs due to a reduction in launch-related events; about $245 million for government satellite programs (primarily aehf and sbirs) due to lower volume; approximately $190 million across other programs (including the orion program) due to lower volume; and about $90 million for commercial satellite programs due to lower volume. these decreases were partially offset by an increase of approximately $810 million due to a full year of net sales from awe in 2017 compared to four months of sales in 2016, which we began consolidating during the third quarter of 2016.
space's operating profit in 2017 decreased $308 million, or 24%, compared to 2016. operating profit decreased $127 million due to the pre-tax gain recorded in 2016 related to the consolidation of awe; about $95 million for lower equity earnings from ula; about $30 million for space transportation programs due to a reduction in launch-related events; about $35 million for government satellite programs (primarily sbirs and aehf) due to a charge for performance matters and lower volume; and a net decrease of about $35 million related to charges recorded in 2017 for performance matters on certain commercial satellite programs. adjustments not related to volume, including net profit booking rate adjustments and other items, were about $20 million higher in 2017 compared to 2016.
equity earnings total equity earnings recognized by space (primarily ula) represented approximately $210 million, $205 million and $325 million, or 20%, 21% and 25% of this business segment's operating profit during 2018, 2017 and 2016.
backlog backlog increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to new orders on government satellite programs, specifically next gen opir and gps iii. backlog decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to lower orders for government satellite programs, partially offset by higher orders on the orion program.
trends we currently expect space's 2019 net sales to be comparable to 2018 levels. operating profit in 2019 is expected to decrease in the low-double digit percentage range as compared to 2018 driven by lower equity earnings in 2019 compared to 2018. as a result, operating profit margin in 2019 is expected to decrease from 2018 levels.
liquidity and cash flows we have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. consistent with that strategy, we have continued to invest in our business, including capital expenditures, independent research and development and, selective business acquisitions and investments, while returning cash to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, and managing our debt levels, maturities and interest rates and pension obligations.
we have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases and postretirement benefit plan contributions. our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in september 2018. first, we increased our dividend rate in the fourth quarter by 10% to $2.20 per share. second, the board of directors approved a $1.0 billion increase to our share repurchase program. inclusive of this increase, the total remaining authorization for future common share repurchases under our program was $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2018.
we expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. however, we expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility to manage the timing of cash flows. we also have additional access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. see our "capital structure, resources and other" section below for a discussion on available financial resources.
we made contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, including required and discretionary contributions. as a result of these contributions, we do not expect to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2019. we funded these contributions in 2018 using a mix of cash on hand and commercial paper.
during 2016, we received a one-time, tax-free special cash payment of approximately $1.8 billion as a result of the divestiture of the is&gs business in the third quarter of 2016. we used the proceeds to repay $500 million of long-term notes at their scheduled maturity and paid $484 million in dividends with a portion of this cash. the remainder was used for share repurchases.
cash received from customers, either from the payment of invoices for work performed or for advances in excess of costs incurred, is our primary source of cash. we generally do not begin work on contracts until funding is appropriated by the customer. however, we may determine to fund customer programs ourselves pending government appropriations and are doing so with increased frequency. if we incur costs in excess of funds obligated on the contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of the excess costs.
billing timetables and payment terms on our contracts vary based on a number of factors, including the contract type. we generally bill and collect cash more frequently under cost-reimbursable contracts, which represent approximately 38% of the sales we recorded in 2018, as we are authorized to bill as the costs are incurred. a number of our fixed-price contracts may provide for performance-based payments, which allow us to bill and collect cash as we perform on the contract. the amount of performance-based payments and the related milestones are encompassed in the negotiation of each contract. the timing of such payments may differ from our incurrence of costs related to our contract performance, thereby affecting our cash flows.
the u.s. government has indicated that it would consider progress payments as the baseline for negotiating payment terms on fixed-price contracts, rather than performance-based payments. in contrast to negotiated performance-based payment terms, progress payment provisions correspond to a percentage of the amount of costs incurred during the performance of the contract. while the total amount of cash collected on a contract is the same, performance-based payments have had a more favorable impact on the timing of our cash flows. in addition, our cash flows may be affected if the u.s. government decides to withhold payments on our billings. while the impact of withholding payments delays the receipt of cash, the cumulative amount of cash collected during the life of the contract will not vary.
the majority of our capital expenditures for 2018 and those planned for 2019 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure and information technology. expenditures for equipment and facilities infrastructure are generally incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. for example, we have projects underway in our aeronautics business segment for facilities and equipment to support higher production of the f-35 combat aircraft, and we have projects underway to modernize certain of our facilities. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software.
the following table provides a summary of our cash flow information followed by a discussion of the key elements (in millions):
operating activities net earnings                                             5,046               1,963               5,173
changes in working capital                              (1,401   )            (427   )            (826   )
net cash provided by operating activities                3,138               6,476               5,189
net cash used for investing activities                  (1,075   )          (1,147   )            (985   )
net cash used for financing activities                  (4,152   )          (4,305   )          (3,457   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                 (2,089   )           1,024                 747
operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $3.3 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018 and an increase in cash used for working capital of $974 million, partially offset by an increase in net earnings and a decrease in income tax payments. the increase in cash used for working capital was largely driven by the timing of cash collections for the f-35 program and sikorsky helicopter programs. we received net income tax refunds of $41 million during the year ended december 31, 2018 compared to making net income tax payments of $1.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017. net refunds in 2018 were primarily the result a 2017 net operating loss carryback arising from our accelerated pension contributions. our effective income tax rate and cash tax payments in 2018 benefited
net cash provided by operating activities increased $1.3 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to a decrease in cash used for working capital, a reduction in cash paid for income taxes and a reduction in cash paid for severance. the decrease in cash used for working capital was largely driven by timing of cash collections (primarily pac-3, thaad, lantirn and sniper, and sikorsky helicopter programs). we made net income tax payments of $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. we made interest payments of approximately $610 million and approximately $600 million during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. in addition, cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2016 included cash generated by is&gs of approximately $310 million as we retained this cash as part of the divestiture.
investing activities net cash used for investing activities decreased $72 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to approximately $105 million of cash received as part of the final settlement of net working capital in connection with the 2016 divestiture of our is&gs business and cash received for various other items, none of which were individually significant, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. net cash used for investing activities increased $162 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher capital expenditures and cash proceeds received in 2016 related to properties sold.
capital expenditures amounted to $1.3 billion in 2018, $1.2 billion in 2017 and $1.1 billion in 2016. the majority of our capital expenditures were for equipment and facilities infrastructure that generally are incurred to support new and existing programs across all of our business segments. we also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use-software.
financing activities net cash used for financing activities decreased $153 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to $600 million of net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper and a reduction in cash used for repurchases of common stock, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt in 2018 and an increase in dividend payments.
net cash used for financing activities increased $848 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the receipt of a one-time special cash payment in 2016 from the divestiture of the is&gs business and higher dividend payments in 2017, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt in 2016 and a reduction in cash used for repurchases of common stock.
in november 2018, we repaid $750 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 1.85% according to their scheduled maturities. in september 2016, we repaid $500 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.13% according to their scheduled maturities. in may 2016, we repaid $452 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 7.65% according to their scheduled maturities.
for additional information about our debt financing activities see the "capital structure, resources and other" discussion below and "note 10 - debt" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements.
capital structure, resources and other at december 31, 2018, we held cash and cash equivalents of $772 million that was generally available to fund ordinary business operations without significant legal, regulatory, or other restrictions.
our outstanding debt, net of unamortized discounts and issuance costs, amounted to $14.1 billion at december 31, 2018 and is mainly in the form of publicly-issued notes that bear interest at fixed rates. as of december 31, 2018, we had $1.5 billion of short-term borrowings due within one year, of which approximately $900 million was composed of scheduled debt maturity due in november 2019 and approximately $600 million was composed of commercial paper borrowings with a weighted-average rate of 2.89%. during 2017, we borrowed and fully repaid amounts under our commercial paper programs. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2018, we were in compliance with all covenants contained in our debt and credit agreements.
we actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs to the extent practicable. we review changes in financial market and economic conditions to manage the types, amounts and maturities of our indebtedness. we may at times refinance existing indebtedness, vary our mix of variable-rate and fixed-rate debt or seek alternative financing sources for our cash and operational needs.
on occasion, our customers may seek deferred payment terms to purchase our products. in connection with these transactions, we may, at our customer's request, enter into arrangements for the non-recourse sale of customer receivables to unrelated third-party financial institutions. for accounting purposes, these transactions are not discounted and are treated as a sale of receivables as we have no continuing involvement. the sale proceeds from the financial institutions are reflected in our operating cash flows on the statement of cash flows. we sold approximately $532 million in 2018 and $698 million in 2017 of customer receivables. there were no gains or losses related to sales of these receivables.
revolving credit facilities on august 24, 2018, we entered into a new $2.5 billion revolving credit facility (the 5-year facility) with various banks and concurrently terminated our existing $2.5 billion revolving credit facility. the 5year facility has an expiration date of august 24, 2023 and is available for general corporate purposes. the undrawn portion of the 5-year facility is also available to serve as a backup facility for the issuance of commercial paper. we may request and the banks may grant, at their discretion, an increase in the borrowing capacity under the 5-year facility of up to an additional $500 million. there were no borrowings outstanding under the 5-year facility as of december 31, 2018 and 2017.
borrowings under the 5-year facility are unsecured and bear interest at rates based, at our option, on a eurodollar rate or a base rate, as defined in the 5-year facility's agreement. each bank's obligation to make loans under the 5-year facility is subject to, among other things, our compliance with various representations, warranties, and covenants, including covenants limiting our ability and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to encumber assets and a covenant not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio, as defined in the 5year facility agreement.
long-term debt in november 2018, we repaid $750 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 1.85% according to their scheduled maturities.
in september 2017, we issued notes totaling approximately $1.6 billion with a fixed interest rate of 4.09% maturing in september 2052 (the new notes) in exchange for outstanding notes totaling approximately $1.4 billion with fixed interest rates ranging from 4.70% to 8.50% maturing 2029 to 2046 (the old notes). in connection with the exchange of principal, we paid a premium of $237 million, substantially all of which was in the form of new notes. this premium will be amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the new notes using the effective interest method. we may, at our option, redeem some or all of the new notes at any time by paying the principal amount of notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest. interest on the new notes is payable on march 15 and september 15 of each year and began on march 15, 2018. the new notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.
in september 2016, we repaid $500 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 2.13% according to their scheduled maturities. in may 2016, we repaid $452 million of long-term notes with a fixed interest rate of 7.65% according to their scheduled maturities. we also had related variable interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $450 million mature, which did not have a significant impact on net earnings or comprehensive income.
we have an effective shelf registration statement on form s-3 on file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission to provide for the issuance of an indeterminate amount of debt securities.
total equity our total equity was $1.4 billion at december 31, 2018 compared to a deficit of $776 million at december 31, 2017. the increase in equity was primarily due to net earnings of $5.0 billion, recognition of previously deferred postretirement benefit plan amounts of $1.2 billion, and employee stock activity of $406 million (including the impacts of stock option exercises, esop activity and stock-based compensation), partially offset by the annual december 31 re-measurement adjustment related to our postretirement benefit plans of $501 million, the repurchase of 4.7 million common shares for $1.5 billion; and dividends declared of $2.3 billion during the year.
as we repurchase our common shares, we reduce common stock for the $1 of par value of the shares repurchased, with the excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. if additional paid-in capital is reduced to zero, we record the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value as a reduction of retained earnings. due to the volume of repurchases made under our share repurchase program, additional paid-in capital was reduced to zero, with the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value of $1.1 billion recorded as a reduction of retained earnings in 2018.
contractual commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2018, we had contractual commitments to repay debt, make payments under operating leases, settle obligations related to agreements to purchase goods and services and settle tax and other liabilities. capital lease obligations were not material. payments due under these obligations and commitments are as follows (in millions):
other liabilities                            2,773                     259                       536                      382                    1,596
operating activities                        50,784                  22,862                    22,745                    3,422                    1,755
capital expenditures                 487                               392                        95                        -                        -
the table above excludes estimated minimum funding requirements for our qualified defined benefit pension plans. for additional information about our future minimum contributions for these plans, see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements. amounts related to other liabilities represent the contractual obligations for certain long-term liabilities recorded as of december 31, 2018. such amounts mainly include expected payments under non-qualified pension plans, environmental liabilities and deferred compensation plans.
purchase obligations related to operating activities include agreements and contracts that give the supplier recourse to us for cancellation or nonperformance under the contract or contain terms that would subject us to liquidated damages. such agreements and contracts may, for example, be related to direct materials, obligations to subcontractors and outsourcing arrangements. total purchase obligations for operating activities in the preceding table include approximately $45.9 billion related to contractual commitments entered into as a result of contracts we have with our u.s. government customers. the u.s. government generally would be required to pay us for any costs we incur relative to these commitments if they were to terminate the related contracts "for convenience" under the federal acquisition regulation (far), subject to available funding. this also would be true in cases where we perform subcontract work for a prime contractor under a u.s. government contract. the termination for convenience language also may be included in contracts with foreign, state and local governments. we also have contracts with customers that do not include termination for convenience provisions, including contracts with commercial customers.
purchase obligations in the preceding table for capital expenditures generally include facilities infrastructure, equipment and information technology.
we also may enter into industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset agreements, as a condition to obtaining orders for our products and services from certain customers in foreign countries. these agreements are designed to enhance the social and economic environment of the foreign country by requiring the contractor to promote investment in the country. offset agreements may be satisfied through activities that do not require us to use cash, including transferring technology, providing manufacturing and other consulting support to in-country projects and the purchase by third parties (e.g., our vendors) of supplies from in-country vendors. these agreements also may be satisfied through our use of cash for such activities as purchasing supplies from in-country vendors, providing financial support for in-country projects, establishment of ventures with local companies and building or leasing facilities for in-country operations. we typically do not commit to offset agreements until orders for our products or services are definitive. the amounts ultimately applied against our offset agreements are based on negotiations with the customer and typically require cash outlays that represent only a fraction of the original amount in the offset agreement. satisfaction of our offset obligations are included in the estimates of our total costs to complete the contract and may impact our sales, profitability and cash flows. our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control and may involve products and services that are dissimilar to our business activities. at december 31, 2018, the notional value of remaining obligations under our outstanding offset agreements totaled approximately $12.1 billion, which primarily relate to our aeronautics, mfc and rms business segments, most of which extend through 2044. to the extent we have entered into purchase or other obligations at december 31, 2018 that also satisfy offset agreements, those amounts are included in the preceding table. offset programs usually extend over several years and may provide for penalties, estimated at approximately $1.5 billion at december 31, 2018, in the event we fail to perform in accordance with offset requirements. while historically we have not been required to pay material penalties, resolution of offset requirements are often the result of negotiations and subjective judgments.
in connection with our 50% ownership interest of ula, we and the boeing company (boeing) were previously required to provide ula an additional capital contribution if ula was unable to make required payments under its inventory supply agreement with boeing. in the fourth quarter of 2018, ula fully satisfied its obligations under this inventory supply agreement and we no longer have any obligation to provide ula an additional capital contribution under this agreement.
we have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds issued on our behalf by financial institutions, and directly issued guarantees to third parties primarily relating to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts. letters of credit and surety bonds generally are available for draw down in the event we do not perform. in some cases, we may guarantee the contractual performance of third parties such as venture partners. at december 31, 2018, we had the following outstanding letters of credit, surety bonds and third-party guarantees (in millions):
commitment expiration by period total commitment             less than1 year             years2 and 3       years4 and 5             after 5 years standby letters of credit (a)              $2,284                      $1,302                      $707              $247                     $28
total commitments                          $3,559                      $1,901                      $988              $249                     $421
(a)   approximately $925 million of standby letters of credit in the "less than 1 year" category, $357 million in the "years 2 and 3" category and $24 million in the "years 4 and 5" category are expected to renew for additional periods until completion of the contractual obligation.
at december 31, 2018, third-party guarantees totaled $850 million, of which approximately 65% related to guarantees of contractual performance of ventures to which we currently are or previously were a party. this amount represents our estimate of the maximum amount we would expect to incur upon the contractual non-performance of the venture, venture partners or divested businesses. generally, we also have cross-indemnities in place that may enable us to recover amounts that may be paid on behalf of a venture partner.
in determining our exposures, we evaluate the reputation, performance on contractual obligations, technical capabilities and credit quality of our current and former venture partners and the transferee under novation agreements all of which include a guarantee as required by the far. there were no material amounts recorded in our financial statements related to third-party guarantees or novation agreements.
critical accounting policies contract accounting / sales recognition the majority of our net sales are generated from long-term contracts with the u.s. government and international customers (including foreign military sales (fms) contracted through the u.s. government) for the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. we provide our products and services under fixed-price and cost-reimbursable contracts.
under fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price. to the extent our actual costs vary from the estimates upon which the price was negotiated, we will generate more or less profit or could incur a loss. some fixed-price contracts have a performance-based component under which we may earn incentive payments or incur financial penalties based on our performance.
cost-reimbursable contracts provide for the payment of allowable costs incurred during performance of the contract plus a fee up to a ceiling based on the amount that has been funded. typically, we enter into three types of cost-reimbursable contracts: cost-plus-award-fee, cost-plus-incentive-fee, and cost-plus-fixed-fee. cost-plus-award-fee contracts provide for an award fee that varies within specified limits based on the customer's assessment of our performance against a predetermined set of criteria, such as targets based on cost, quality, technical and schedule criteria. cost-plus-incentive-fee contracts provide for reimbursement of costs plus a fee, which is adjusted by a formula based on the relationship of total allowable costs to total target costs (i.e., incentive based on cost) or reimbursement of costs plus an incentive to exceed stated performance targets (i.e., incentive based on performance). the fixed-fee in a cost-plus-fixed-fee contract is negotiated at the inception of the contract and that fixed-fee does not vary with actual costs.
we account for a contract after it has been approved by all parties to the arrangement, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable.
we assess each contract at its inception to determine whether it should be combined with other contracts. when making this determination, we consider factors such as whether two or more contracts were negotiated and executed at or near the same time or were negotiated with an overall profit objective. if combined, we treat the combined contracts as a single contract for revenue recognition purposes.
we evaluate the products or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. the products and services in our contracts are typically not distinct from one another due to their complex relationships and the significant contract management functions required to perform under the contract. accordingly, our contracts are typically accounted for as one performance obligation. in limited cases, our contracts have more than one distinct performance obligation, which occurs when we perform activities that are not highly complex or interrelated or involve different product lifecycles. significant judgment is required in determining performance obligations, and these decisions could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. we classify net sales as products or services on our consolidated statements of earnings based on the predominant attributes of the performance obligations.
we determine the transaction price for each contract based on the consideration we expect to receive for the products or services being provided under the contract. for contracts where a portion of the price may vary we estimate variable consideration at the most likely amount, which is included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. we analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal and if necessary constrain the amount of variable consideration recognized in order to mitigate this risk.
at the inception of a contract we estimate the transaction price based on our current rights and do not contemplate future modifications (including unexercised options) or follow-on contracts until they become legally enforceable. contracts are often subsequently modified to include changes in specifications, requirements or price, which may create new or change existing enforceable rights and obligations. depending on the nature of the modification, we consider whether to account for the modification as an adjustment to the existing contract or as a separate contract. generally, modifications to our contracts are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration and interrelated tasks provided in the context of the contract. therefore, such modifications are accounted for as if they were part of the existing contract and recognized as a cumulative adjustment to revenue.
for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on the estimated standalone selling price of the product or service underlying each performance obligation. the standalone selling price represents the amount we would sell the product or service to a customer on a standalone basis (i.e., not bundled with any other products or services). our contracts with the u.s. government, including fms contracts, are subject to the federal acquisition
regulations (far) and the price is typically based on estimated or actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. as a result of these regulations, the standalone selling price of products or services in our contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts are typically equal to the selling price stated in the contract.
for non-u.s. government contracts with multiple performance obligations, we evaluate whether the stated selling prices for the products or services represent their standalone selling prices. we primarily sell customized solutions unique to a customer's specifications. when it is necessary to allocate the transaction price to multiple performance obligations, we typically use the expected cost plus a reasonable profit margin to estimate the standalone selling price of each product or service. we occasionally sell standard products or services with observable standalone sales transactions. in these situations, the observable standalone sales transactions are used to determine the standalone selling price.
we recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. in determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. substantially all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. for contracts with the u.s. government and fms contracts, this continuous transfer of control of the work in process to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit, and take possession of any work in process. our non-u.s. government contracts, primarily international direct commercial contracts, typically do not include termination for convenience provisions. however, continuous transfer of control to our customer is supported and, if our customer were to terminate the contract for reasons other than our non-performance, we would have the right to recover damages which would include, among other potential damages, the right to payment for our work performed to date plus a reasonable profit to deliver products or services that do not have an alternative use to us.
for performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation(s). for performance obligations to provide services to the customer, revenue is recognized over time based on costs incurred or the right to invoice method (in situations where the value transferred matches our billing rights) as our customer receives and consumes the benefits.
for performance obligations in which control does not continuously transfer to the customer, we recognize revenue at the point in time in which each performance obligation is fully satisfied. this coincides with the point in time the customer obtains control of the product or service, which typically occurs upon customer acceptance or receipt of the product or service, given that we maintain control of the product or service until that point.
significant estimates and assumptions are made in estimating contract sales and costs, including the profit booking rate. at the outset of a long-term contract, we identify and monitor risks to the achievement of the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, as well as variable consideration, and assess the effects of those risks on our estimates of sales and total costs to complete the contract. the estimates consider the technical requirements (e.g., a newly-developed product versus a mature product), the schedule and associated tasks (e.g., the number and type of milestone events) and costs (e.g., material, labor, subcontractor, overhead, general and administrative and the estimated costs to fulfill our industrial cooperation agreements, sometimes referred to as offset or localization agreements, required under certain contracts with international customers). the initial profit booking rate of each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract. profit booking rates may increase during the performance of the contract if we successfully retire risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of the contract, which decreases the estimated total costs to complete the contract or may increase the variable consideration we expect to receive on the contract. conversely, our profit booking rates may decrease if the estimated total costs to complete the contract increase or our estimates of variable consideration we expect to receive decrease. all of the estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract and may affect the profit booking rate. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed total estimates of the transaction price, a provision for the entire loss is determined at the contract level and is recorded in the period in which the loss is determined.
comparability of our segment sales, operating profit and operating margin may be impacted favorably or unfavorably by changes in profit booking rates on our contracts for which we recognize revenue over time using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost method to measure progress towards completion. increases in the profit booking rates, typically referred to as risk retirements, usually relate to revisions in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations that reflect improved conditions on a particular contract. conversely, conditions on a particular contract may deteriorate, resulting in an increase in the estimated total costs to fulfill the performance obligations and a reduction in the profit booking rate. increases or decreases in profit booking rates are recognized in the current period and reflect the inception-to-date effect of such changes. segment operating
profit and margin may also be impacted favorably or unfavorably by other items, which may or may not impact sales. favorable items may include the positive resolution of contractual matters, cost recoveries on severance and restructuring charges, insurance recoveries and gains on sales of assets. unfavorable items may include the adverse resolution of contractual matters; restructuring charges, except for significant severance actions, which are excluded from segment operating results; reserves for disputes; certain asset impairments; and losses on sales of certain assets.
other contract accounting considerations the majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the u.s. government. cost-based pricing is determined under the far. the far provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services under u.s. government contracts. for example, costs such as those related to charitable contributions, interest expense and certain advertising and public relations activities are unallowable and, therefore, not recoverable through sales. in addition, we may enter into advance agreements with the u.s. government that address the subjects of allowability and allocability of costs to contracts for specific matters. for example, most of the environmental costs we incur for environmental remediation related to sites operated in prior years are allocated to our current operations as general and administrative costs under far provisions and supporting advance agreements reached with the u.s. government.
we closely monitor compliance with and the consistent application of our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. costs incurred and allocated to contracts are reviewed for compliance with u.s. government regulations by our personnel and are subject to audit by the defense contract audit agency.
postretirement benefit plans overview many of our employees participate in qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical and life insurance plans and other postemployment plans (collectively, postretirement benefit plans - see "note 11 - postretirement benefit plans" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). the majority of our accrued benefit obligations relate to our qualified defined benefit pension plans and retiree medical and life insurance plans. we recognize on a plan-by-plan basis the net funded status of these postretirement benefit plans under gaap as either an asset or a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. the gaap funded status represents the difference between the fair value of each plan's assets and the benefit obligation of the plan. the gaap benefit obligation represents the present value of the estimated future benefits we currently expect to pay to plan participants based on past service.
in june 2014, we amended certain of our qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans for non-union employees, comprising the majority of our benefit obligations, to freeze future retirement benefits. the calculation of retirement benefits under the affected defined benefit pension plans is determined by a formula that takes into account the participants' years of credited service and average compensation. the freeze takes effect in two stages. on january 1, 2016, the pay-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits was frozen so that future pay increases, annual incentive bonuses or other amounts earned for or related to periods after december 31, 2015 are not used to calculate retirement benefits. on january 1, 2020, the service-based component of the formula used to determine retirement benefits will also be frozen so that participants will no longer earn further credited service for any period after december 31, 2019. when the freeze is complete, the majority of our salaried employees will have transitioned to an enhanced defined contribution retirement savings plan.
additionally, in recent years we have taken other actions to mitigate the effect of our defined benefit pension plan on our financial results. for example, in december 2018, a lockheed martin qualified defined benefit pension plan purchased two contracts from insurance companies covering $2.6 billion of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations.
first, in december 2018, an upfront cash payment of $810 million was made to an insurance company in exchange for a contract (referred to as a buy-in contract) that will reimburse the plan for all future benefit payments related to $770 million of the plan's outstanding defined benefit pension obligations for approximately 9,000 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries. on december 31, 2018, the approximately 9,000 retirees and beneficiaries and the buy-in contract were spun-off to another plan, with the buy-in contract the sole asset of that plan. under the arrangement, the plan remains responsible for paying the benefits for the covered retirees and beneficiaries and the insurance company will reimburse the plan as those benefits are paid. as a result, there is no net ongoing cash flow to the plan for the covered retirees and beneficiaries as the cost of providing the benefits is funded by the buy-in contract, effectively locking in the cost of the benefits and eliminating future volatility of the benefit obligation. the buy-in contract was purchased using assets from the pension trust and is accounted for at fair value as an investment of the trust. this transaction had no impact on our 2018 fas pension expense or cas pension cost. the difference of approximately $40 million between the amount paid to the insurance company and the amount of the pension obligations funded by the buy-in contract was recognized through the re-measurement of the related benefit obligations in other comprehensive loss in equity and will be amortized
to fas pension expense in future periods. we intend to begin the termination process for this plan during 2019, and at conclusion convert the buy-in contract to a buy-out contract, thus relieving us of liability for the pension obligations related to the covered population. the buy-out conversion, expected to occur as early as 2020, will require recognition of a settlement loss in earnings at that time, which we currently estimate will be approximately $350 million. a subsequent cash recovery is anticipated from the u.s. government.
also, during december 2018, we purchased an irrevocable group annuity contract from an insurance company (referred to as a buy-out contract) for $1.82 billion to settle $1.76 billion of our outstanding defined benefit pension obligations related to certain u.s. retirees and beneficiaries. the group annuity contract was purchased using assets from the pension trust. as a result of this transaction, we were relieved of all responsibility for these pension obligations and the insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to approximately 32,000 u.s. retirees and beneficiaries, with no change to the amount, timing or form of monthly retirement benefit payments. although the transaction was treated as a settlement for accounting purposes, we did not recognize a loss on the settlement in earnings associated with the transaction because total settlements during 2018 for this plan were less than this plan's service and interest cost in 2018. accordingly, the transaction had no impact on our 2018 fas pension expense or cas pension cost, and the difference of approximately $60 million between the amount paid to the insurance company and the amount of the pension obligations settled was recognized in other comprehensive loss and will be amortized to fas pension expense in future periods.
notwithstanding these actions, the impact of these plans and benefits on our earnings may be volatile in that the amount of expense we record and the funded status for our postretirement benefit plans may materially change from year to year because those calculations are sensitive to funding levels as well as changes in several key economic assumptions, including interest rates, actual rates of return on plan assets and other actuarial assumptions including participant longevity and employee turnover, as well as the timing of cash funding.
actuarial assumptions the plan assets and benefit obligations are measured at the end of each year or more frequently, upon the occurrence of certain events such as a significant plan amendment, settlement or curtailment. the amounts we record are measured using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon key assumptions such as discount rates, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, participant longevity, employee turnover and the health care cost trend rates for our retiree medical plans. the assumptions we make affect both the calculation of the benefit obligations as of the measurement date and the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in subsequent periods. when reassessing these assumptions we consider past and current market conditions and make judgments about future market trends. we also consider factors such as the timing and amounts of expected contributions to the plans and benefit payments to plan participants.
we continue to use a single weighted average discount rate approach when calculating our consolidated benefit obligations related to our defined benefit pension plans resulting in 4.250% at december 31, 2018, compared to 3.625% at december 31, 2017 and 4.125% at december 31, 2016. we utilized a single weighted average discount rate of 4.250% when calculating our benefit obligations related to our retiree medical and life insurance plans at december 31, 2018, compared to 3.625% at december 31, 2017 and 4.00% at december 31, 2016. we evaluate several data points in order to arrive at an appropriate single weighted average discount rate, including results from cash flow models, quoted rates from long-term bond indices and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on corporate bonds rated aa or better selected to match our projected postretirement benefit plan cash flows.
we utilized an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.00% at december 31, 2018 compared to 7.50% for both december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016. the long-term rate of return assumption represents the expected long-term rate of return on the funds invested or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligations. this assumption is based on several factors including historical market index returns, the anticipated long-term allocation of plan assets, the historical return data for the trust funds, plan expenses and the potential to outperform market index returns. the difference between the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption we select and the actual return on plan assets in any given year affects both the funded status of our benefit plans and the calculation of fas pension expense in subsequent periods. although the actual return in any specific year likely will differ from the assumption, the average expected return over a long-term future horizon should be approximately equal to the assumption. any variance in a given year should not, by itself, suggest that the assumption should be changed. patterns of variances are reviewed over time, and then combined with expectations for the future. as a result, changes in this assumption are less frequent than changes in the discount rate.
in both october 2018 and 2017, the society of actuaries published revised longevity assumptions that refined its prior studies. we used the revised assumptions indicating a shortened longevity in our december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 re-measurements of benefit obligation. the publications were a refinement to assumptions the society of actuaries published in previous years, beginning in 2014.
our stockholders' equity has been reduced cumulatively by $14.3 billion from the annual year-end measurements of the funded status of postretirement benefit plans. the cumulative non-cash, after-tax reduction primarily represents net actuarial losses resulting from declines in discount rates, investment losses and updated longevity. a market-related value of our plan assets, determined using actual asset gains or losses over the prior three year period, is used to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. these cumulative actuarial losses will be amortized to expense using the corridor method, where gains and losses are recognized to the extent they exceed 10% of the greater of plan assets or benefit obligations, over the average future service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plans of approximately nine years as of december 31, 2018. this amortization period is expected to extend (approximately double) in 2020 when our non-union pension plans are completely frozen to use the average remaining life expectancy of the participants instead of average future service. during 2018, $1.2 billion of these amounts was recognized as a component of postretirement benefit plans expense and about $908 million is expected to be recognized as expense in 2019.
the discount rate and long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions we select at the end of each year are based on our best estimates and judgment. a change of plus or minus 25 basis points in the 4.250% discount rate assumption at december 31, 2018, with all other assumptions held constant, would have decreased or increased the amount of the qualified pension benefit obligation we recorded at the end of 2018 by approximately $1.4 billion, which would result in an after-tax increase or decrease in stockholders' equity at the end of the year of approximately $1.1 billion. if the 4.250% discount rate at december 31, 2018 that was used to compute the expected 2019 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2019 would be lower or higher by approximately $120 million. if the 7.00% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption at december 31, 2018 that was used to compute the expected 2019 fas pension expense for our qualified defined benefit pension plans had been 25 basis points higher or lower, with all other assumptions held constant, the amount of fas pension expense projected for 2019 would be lower or higher by approximately $85 million. each year, differences between the actual plan asset return and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets impacts the measurement of the following year's fas expense. every 100 basis points difference in return during 2018 between our negative actual rate of return of approximately 5.00% and our expected long-term rate of return of 7.50% impacted 2019 expected fas pension expense by approximately $20 million.
funding considerations we made contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018. there were no material contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2017 and 2016. funding of our qualified defined benefit pension plans is determined in a manner consistent with cas and in accordance with the employee retirement income security act of 1974 (erisa), as amended by the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa).
contributions to our defined benefit pension plans are recovered over time through the pricing of our products and services on u.s. government contracts, including fms, and are recognized in our cost of sales and net sales. cas govern the extent to which our pension costs are allocable to and recoverable under contracts with the u.s. government, including fms. we recovered $2.4 billion in 2018, $2.2 billion in 2017, and $2.0 billion in 2016 as cas pension costs. effective february 27, 2012 and fully transitioned to in 2017, the cas rules were revised to better align the recovery of pension costs, including prepayment credits, on u.s. government contracts with the minimum funding requirements of the ppa (referred to as cas harmonization).
pension cost recoveries under cas occur in different periods from when pension contributions are made under the ppa. amounts contributed in excess of the cas pension costs recovered under u.s. government contracts are considered to be prepayment credits under the cas rules. as of december 31, 2018, our prepayment credits were approximately $8.5 billion as compared to $6.3 billion at december 31, 2017. the increase was due to our cash contributions of $5.0 billion in 2018 compared to our $2.4 billion in cas recoveries. cash contributions in excess of the recovery of cas pension costs under u.s. government contracts increases the prepayment credit balance. the prepayment credit balance will also increase or decrease based on our actual investment return on plan assets.
trends we made contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, including required and discretionary contributions. as a result of these contributions, we do not expect to make contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2019. we anticipate recovering approximately $2.6 billion of cas pension cost in 2019 allowing us to recuperate a portion of our cas prepayment credits.
we expect our 2019 fas pension expense to be $1.1 billion; compared to our 2018 fas pension expense of $1.4 billion. the impact of the higher fas discount rate of 4.25% for 2019 versus 3.625% for 2018 was partly offset by our negative actual rate of investment return in 2018 of approximately 5.00% versus our expected long-term rate of return of 7.50%. we expect a fas/cas
pension benefit in 2019 of about $1.5 billion, as compared to $1.0 billion in 2018, due to the lower 2019 fas pension expense and higher 2019 cas pension cost as compared to 2018.
environmental matters we are a party to various agreements, proceedings and potential proceedings for environmental remediation issues, including matters at various sites where we have been designated a potentially responsible party (prp). at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the total amount of liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheet for environmental matters was $864 million and $920 million. we have recorded receivables totaling $750 million and $799 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017 for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the u.s. government, as discussed below. the amount that is expected to be allocated to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined to not be recoverable under u.s. government contracts has been expensed through cost of sales. we project costs and recovery of costs over approximately 20 years.
we enter into agreements (e.g., administrative consent orders, consent decrees) that document the extent and timing of some of our environmental remediation obligations. we also are involved in environmental remediation activities at sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligations. environmental remediation activities usually span many years, which makes estimating the costs more judgmental due to, for example, changing remediation technologies. to determine the costs related to clean up sites, we have to assess the extent of contamination, effects on natural resources, the appropriate technology to be used to accomplish the remediation, and evolving environmental standards.
we perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated (see the discussion under "environmental matters" in "note 1 - significant accounting policies" and "note 14 - legal proceedings, commitments and contingencies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). we consider the above factors in our quarterly estimates of the timing and amount of any future costs that may be required for environmental remediation activities, which results in the calculation of a range of estimates for a particular environmental remediation site. we do not discount the recorded liabilities, as the amount and timing of future cash payments are not fixed or cannot be reliably determined. given the required level of judgment and estimation, it is likely that materially different amounts could be recorded if different assumptions were used or if circumstances were to change (e.g., a change in environmental standards or a change in our estimate of the extent of contamination).
under agreements reached with the u.s. government, most of the amounts we spend for environmental remediation are allocated to our operations as general and administrative costs. under existing u.s. government regulations, these and other environmental expenditures relating to our u.s. government business, after deducting any recoveries received from insurance or other prps, are allowable in establishing prices of our products and services. as a result, most of the expenditures we incur are included in our net sales and cost of sales according to u.s. government agreement or regulation, regardless of the contract form (e.g. cost-reimbursable, fixed-price). we continually evaluate the recoverability of our environmental receivables by assessing, among other factors, u.s. government regulations, our u.s. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and recent efforts by some u.s. government representatives to limit such reimbursement.
in addition to the proceedings and potential proceedings discussed above, california previously established a maximum level of the contaminant hexavalent chromium in drinking water of 10 parts per billion (ppb). this standard was successfully challenged by the california manufacturers and technology association (cmta) for failure to conduct the required economic feasibility analysis. in response to the court's ruling, the state water resources control board (state board), a branch of the california environmental protection agency, withdrew the hexavalent chromium standard from the published regulations, leaving only the 50 ppb standard for total chromium. the state board has indicated it will work to re-establish a hexavalent chromium standard. if the standard for hexavalent chromium is reestablished at 10 ppb or above, it will not have a material impact on our existing environmental remediation costs in california. further, the u.s. environmental protection agency (u.s. epa) is considering whether to regulate hexavalent chromium.
california is also reevaluating its existing drinking water standard of 6 ppb for perchlorate, and the u.s. epa is taking steps to regulate perchlorate in drinking water. if substantially lower standards are adopted, in either california or at the federal level for perchlorate or for hexavalent chromium, we expect a material increase in our estimates for environmental liabilities and the related assets for the portion of the increased costs that are probable of future recovery in the pricing of our products and services for the u.s. government. the amount that would be allocable to our non-u.s. government contracts or that is determined not to be recoverable under u.s. government contracts would be expensed, which may have a material effect on our earnings in any particular interim reporting period.
as disclosed above, we may record changes in the amount of environmental remediation liabilities as a result of our quarterly reviews of the status of our environmental remediation sites, which would result in a change to the corresponding environmental
remediation receivables and a charge to earnings. for example, if we were to determine that the liabilities should be increased by $100 million, the corresponding receivables would be increased by approximately $87 million, with the remainder recorded as a charge to earnings. this allocation is determined annually, based upon our existing and projected business activities with the u.s. government.
we cannot reasonably determine the extent of our financial exposure at all environmental remediation sites with which we are involved. there are a number of former operating facilities we are monitoring or investigating for potential future environmental remediation. in some cases, although a loss may be probable, it is not possible at this time to reasonably estimate the amount of any obligation for remediation activities because of uncertainties (e.g., assessing the extent of the contamination). during any particular quarter, such uncertainties may be resolved, allowing us to estimate and recognize the initial liability to remediate a particular former operating site. the amount of the liability could be material. upon recognition of the liability, a portion will be recognized as a receivable with the remainder charged to earnings, which may have a material effect in any particular interim reporting period.
if we are ultimately found to have liability at those sites where we have been designated a prp, we expect that the actual costs of environmental remediation will be shared with other liable prps. generally, prps that are ultimately determined to be responsible parties are strictly liable for site remediation and usually agree among themselves to share, on an allocated basis, the costs and expenses for environmental investigation and remediation. under existing environmental laws, responsible parties are jointly and severally liable and, therefore, we are potentially liable for the full cost of funding such remediation. in the unlikely event that we were required to fund the entire cost of such remediation, the statutory framework provides that we may pursue rights of cost recovery or contribution from the other prps. the amounts we record do not reflect the fact that we may recover some of the environmental costs we have incurred through insurance or from other prps, which we are required to pursue by agreement and u.s. government regulation.
goodwill the assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are recorded under the acquisition method of accounting at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses.
our goodwill balance was $10.8 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017. we perform an impairment test of our goodwill at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may be impaired. such events or changes in circumstances may include a significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate of our industry, a decline in our market capitalization, operating performance indicators, competition, reorganizations of our business, u.s. government budget restrictions or the disposal of all or a portion of a reporting unit. our goodwill has been allocated to and is tested for impairment at a level referred to as the reporting unit, which is our business segment level or a level below the business segment. the level at which we test goodwill for impairment requires us to determine whether the operations below the business segment constitute a self-sustaining business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results.
we may use both qualitative and quantitative approaches when testing goodwill for impairment. for selected reporting units where we use the qualitative approach, we perform a qualitative evaluation of events and circumstances impacting the reporting unit to determine the likelihood of goodwill impairment. based on that qualitative evaluation, if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further evaluation is necessary. otherwise we perform a quantitative impairment test. we perform quantitative tests for most reporting units at least once every three years. however, for certain reporting units we may perform a quantitative impairment test every year.
to perform the quantitative impairment test, we compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. we generally estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of a discounted cash flow (dcf) analysis and market-based valuation methodologies such as comparable public company trading values and values observed in recent business acquisitions. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgments, including the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and relevant transaction multiples. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis are based on our best estimate of future sales, earnings and cash flows after considering factors such as general market conditions, u.s. government budgets, existing firm orders, expected future orders, contracts with suppliers, labor agreements, changes in working capital, long term business plans and recent operating performance. the discount rates utilized in the dcf analysis are based on the respective reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, which takes into account the relative weights of each component of capital structure (equity and debt) and represents the expected cost of new capital, adjusted as appropriate to consider the risk inherent
in future cash flows of the respective reporting unit. the carrying value of each reporting unit includes the assets and liabilities employed in its operations, goodwill and allocations of amounts held at the business segment and corporate levels.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for each of our reporting units. the results of that test indicated that for each of our reporting units, including sikorsky, no impairment existed. as of the date of our annual impairment test, the carrying value of our sikorsky reporting unit includes goodwill of $2.7 billion and exceeds its fair value by a margin of approximately 20%. the carrying value and fair value of our sikorsky reporting unit is closely aligned. therefore, any business deterioration, changes in timing of orders, contract cancellations or terminations, or negative changes in market factors could cause our sales, earnings and cash flows to decline below current projections. similarly, market factors utilized in the impairment analysis, including long-term growth rates, discount rates and relevant comparable public company earnings multiples and transaction multiples, could negatively impact the fair value of our reporting units. based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that goodwill at our sikorsky reporting unit is at risk for impairment should there be deterioration of projected cash flows, negative changes in market factors or a significant increase in the carrying value of the reporting unit.
impairment assessments inherently involve management judgments regarding a number of assumptions such as those described above. due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of a reporting unit's fair value and the relative size of our recorded goodwill, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of one or more of our reporting units and could result in a goodwill impairment charge in a future period.
intangible assets intangible assets from acquired businesses are recognized at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition and consist of customer programs, trademarks, customer relationships, technology and other intangible assets. customer programs include values assigned to major programs of acquired businesses and represent the aggregate value associated with the customer relationships, contracts, technology and trademarks underlying the associated program and are amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value, which ranges from nine to 20 years. acquired intangibles deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to annual impairment testing. this testing compares carrying value to fair value and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value. finite-lived intangibles are amortized to expense over the applicable useful lives, ranging from three to 20 years, based on the nature of the asset and the underlying pattern of economic benefit as reflected by future net cash inflows. we perform an impairment test of finite-lived intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may be impaired. should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of a finite-lived intangible may be impaired, the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset group would be compared to the asset group's carrying value. should the asset group's carrying amount exceed the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, we would determine the fair value of the asset group and record an impairment loss in net earnings.
the carrying value of our sikorsky business includes an indefinite-lived trademark intangible asset of $887 million as of december 31, 2018. in the fourth quarter of 2018, we performed the annual impairment test for the sikorsky indefinite-lived trademark intangible asset and the results indicated that no impairment existed. as of the date of our annual impairment test, the sikorsky trademark exceeded its carrying value by a margin of approximately 5%. additionally, our sikorsky business has finite-lived customer program intangible assets with carrying values of $2.4 billion as of december 31, 2018. any business deterioration, contract cancellations or terminations, or negative changes in market factors could cause our sales to decline below current projections. based on our assessment of these circumstances, we have determined that our sikorsky intangible assets are at risk for impairment should there be any business deterioration, contract cancellations or terminations, or negative changes in market factors.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 1 - significant accounting policies" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements (under the caption "recent accounting pronouncements").
item  7a.    quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk we maintain active relationships with a broad and diverse group of u.s. and international financial institutions. we believe that they provide us with sufficient access to the general and trade credit we require to conduct our business. we continue to closely monitor the financial market environment and actively manage counterparty exposure to minimize the potential impact from adverse developments with any single credit provider while ensuring availability of, and access to, sufficient credit resources.
our main exposure to market risk relates to interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and market prices on certain equity securities. our financial instruments that are subject to interest rate risk principally include fixed-rate long-term debt and commercial paper. the estimated fair value of our outstanding debt was $15.4 billion at december 31, 2018 and the outstanding principal amount was $15.3 billion, excluding unamortized discounts and issuance costs of $1.2 billion. a 10% change in the level of interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of our outstanding debt at december 31, 2018.
we use derivative instruments principally to reduce our exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. we do not enter into or hold derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes. we transact business globally and are subject to risks associated with changing foreign currency exchange rates. we enter into foreign currency hedges such as forward and option contracts that change in value as foreign currency exchange rates change. our most significant foreign currency exposures relate to the british pound sterling, the euro, the canadian dollar and the australian dollar. these contracts hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions in order to mitigate fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as a result, we do not have material foreign currency exposure, including exposure to the pound sterling or euro should there be material foreign currency fluctuations due to the united kingdom departing from the european union (commonly referred to as brexit). we designate foreign currency hedges as cash flow hedges. we also are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through our borrowing activities. for fixed rate borrowings, we may use variable interest rate swaps, effectively converting fixed rate borrowings to variable rate borrowings indexed to libor in order to reduce the amount of interest paid. these swaps are designated as fair value hedges. for variable rate borrowings, we may use fixed interest rate swaps, effectively converting variable rate borrowings to fixed rate borrowings in order to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on earnings. these swaps are designated as cash flow hedges. we also may enter into derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting, which are intended to mitigate certain economic exposures.
the classification of gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of derivatives is dependent on our intended use of the derivative and its resulting designation. adjustments to reflect changes in fair values of derivatives attributable to the effective portion of hedges are either reflected in earnings and largely offset by corresponding adjustments to the hedged items or reflected net of income taxes in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings. changes in the fair value of the derivatives that are attributable to the ineffective portion of the hedges, or of derivatives that are not considered to be highly effective hedges, if any, are immediately recognized in earnings. the aggregate notional amount of our outstanding interest rate swaps at december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion. the aggregate notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency hedges at december 31, 2018 and 2017 was $3.5 billion and $4.1 billion. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the net fair value of our derivative instruments was not material (see "note 16 - fair value measurements" included in our notes to consolidated financial statements). a 10% unfavorable exchange rate movement of our foreign currency contracts would not have a material impact on the aggregate net fair value of such contracts or our consolidated financial statements. additionally, as we enter into foreign currency contract to hedge foreign currency exposure on underlying transactions we believe that any movement on our foreign currency contracts would be offset by movement on the underlying transactions and, therefore, when taken together do not create material risk.
we evaluate the credit quality of potential counterparties to derivative transactions and only enter into agreements with those deemed to have acceptable credit risk at the time the agreements are executed. our foreign currency exchange hedge portfolio is diversified across several banks. we periodically monitor changes to counterparty credit quality as well as our concentration of credit exposure to individual counterparties. we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
we maintain a separate trust that includes investments to fund certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans. as of december 31, 2018, investments in the trust totaled $1.3 billion and are reflected at fair value on our consolidated balance sheet in other noncurrent assets. the trust holds investments in marketable equity securities and fixed-income securities that are exposed to price changes and changes in interest rates. a portion of the liabilities associated with the deferred compensation plans supported by the trust is also impacted by changes in the market price of our common stock and certain market indices. changes in the value of the liabilities have the effect of partially offsetting the impact of changes in the value of the trust. both the change in the fair value of the trust and the change in the value of the liabilities are recognized on our consolidated statements of earnings in other unallocated, net and were not material for the year ended december 31, 2018.