item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview pg&e corporation is a holding company whose primary operating subsidiary is the utility, a public utility serving northern and central california.  the utility generates revenues mainly through the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers.
the utility's base revenue requirements are set by the cpuc in its grc and gt&s rate case and by the ferc in its to rate cases based on forecast costs.  differences between forecast costs and actual costs can occur for numerous reasons, including the volume of work required and the impact of market forces on the cost of labor and materials.  differences in costs can also arise from changes in laws and regulations at both the state and federal level.  generally, differences between actual costs and forecast costs affect the utility's ability to earn its authorized return (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that impacted earnings" in results of operations below).  however, for certain operating costs, such as costs associated with pension benefits, the utility is authorized to track the difference between actual amounts and forecast amounts and recover or refund the difference through rates (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings" in results of operations below).  the utility also collects revenue requirements to recover certain costs that the cpuc has authorized the utility to pass on to customers, such as the costs to procure electricity or natural gas for its customers.  therefore, although these costs can fluctuate, they generally do not impact net income (referred to as "utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings" in results of operations below).   see "ratemaking mechanisms" in item 1. business for further discussion.
this is a combined report of pg&e corporation and the utility, and includes separate consolidated financial statements for each of these two entities.  this combined md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8.
chapter 11 proceedings on the petition date, pg&e corporation and the utility filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 in the bankruptcy court. pg&e corporation's and the utility's chapter 11 cases are being jointly administered under the caption in re: pg&e corporation and pacific gas and electric company, case no. 19-30088 (dm).
pg&e corporation and the utility continue to operate their businesses as debtors in possession under the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court and in accordance with applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and the orders of the bankruptcy court. as debtors in possession, pg&e corporation and the utility are authorized to continue to operate as ongoing businesses, and may pay all debts and honor all obligations arising in the ordinary course of their businesses after the petition date. however, pg&e corporation and the utility may not pay third-party claims or creditors on account of obligations arising before the petition date or engage in transactions outside the ordinary course of business without approval of the bankruptcy court.
under the bankruptcy code, third-party actions to collect pre-petition indebtedness owed by pg&e corporation or the utility, as well as most litigation pending against pg&e corporation and the utility (including the third-party matters described under note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8), are subject to an automatic stay. absent an order of the bankruptcy court providing otherwise, substantially all pre-petition liabilities will be administered under a chapter 11 plan of reorganization to be voted upon by creditors and other stakeholders, and approved by the bankruptcy court. however, under the bankruptcy code, regulatory or criminal proceedings are generally not subject to an automatic stay, and pg&e corporation and the utility expect these proceedings to continue during the pendency of the chapter 11 cases.
to assure ordinary course operations, on january 31, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility received interim approval from the bankruptcy court on a variety of "first day" motions, including motions that authorize them to maintain their existing cash management system, to continue wage and salary payments and other benefits to their employees, to secure debtor in possession financing and other customary relief. on february 27, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility received final approval of the first day motion to continue wage and salary payments and other benefits to their employees (with one limited objection with respect to a discrete matter having been preserved by the bankruptcy court) and certain other first day motions for customary relief. hearings on certain other first day motions, including a hearing to consider final approval of pg&e corporation's and the utility's motions to continue their existing cash management system and to approve their debtor in possession financing, have not been held and no assurances can be given that the bankruptcy court will approve such motions on a final basis. pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the date of the final hearing with respect to such motions, but there are hearings currently scheduled for march 12, march 13 and march 27, 2019.
in connection with the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation and the utility entered into the dip credit agreement, among the utility, as borrower, pg&e corporation, as guarantor, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, citibank, n.a., as collateral agent, and the dip lenders. the dip credit agreement provides for $5.5 billion in the form of (i) the dip revolving facility in an aggregate amount of $3.5 billion, including a $1.5 billion letter of credit subfacility, (ii) the dip initial term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion and (iii) the dip delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. as a result of the bankruptcy court's interim approval of the dip credit agreement on january 31, 2019, and the satisfaction of the other conditions thereof, the dip credit agreement became effective on february 1, 2019, and a portion of the dip revolving facility in the amount of $1.5 billion (including $750 million of the letter of credit subfacility) was made available to pg&e corporation and the utility. as of february 28, 2019, the remainder of the dip revolving facility (including the remainder of the $1.5 billion letter of credit subfacility), the dip initial term loan facility and the dip delayed draw term loan facility are unavailable for borrowing and will remain unavailable until and unless the bankruptcy court approves the availability thereof following a final hearing. pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the date of the final hearing, but it is currently scheduled for march 13, 2019. there can be no assurances that the bankruptcy court will grant final approval of the dip facilities at the final hearing, or at all.
borrowings under the dip credit agreement are senior secured obligations of the utility, secured by substantially all of the utility's assets and entitled to superpriority administrative expense claim status in the utility's chapter 11 case. the utility's obligations under the dip credit agreement are guaranteed by pg&e corporation, and such guarantee is a senior secured obligation of pg&e corporation, secured by substantially all of pg&e corporation's assets and entitled to superpriority administrative expense claim status in pg&e corporation's chapter 11 case. the dip credit agreement will mature on december 31, 2020, subject to the utility's option to extend the maturity to december 31, 2021 if certain terms and conditions are satisfied, including the payment of an extension fee. the utility paid customary fees and expenses in connection with obtaining the dip credit agreement.
the commencement of the chapter 11 cases constituted an event of default or termination event, and caused an automatic and immediate acceleration of the debt outstanding under or in respect of certain instruments and agreements relating to direct financial obligations of pg&e corporation and the utility (the "accelerated direct financial obligations"). accordingly, as a result of the commencement of the chapter 11 cases, the principal amount of the accelerated direct financial obligations, together with accrued interest thereon, and in case of certain indebtedness, premium, if any, thereon, immediately became due and payable. however, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations are automatically stayed as of the petition date, and are subject to the applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and orders of the bankruptcy court. the material accelerated direct financial obligations include the outstanding senior notes, agreements in respect of certain series of pollution control bonds, and pg&e corporation's term loan facility, as well as short-term borrowings under pg&e corporation's and the utility's revolving credit facilities and the utility's term loan facility disclosed in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. the filing of the chapter 11 cases may also provide the counterparties under certain commodity and related agreements with the right to declare an event of default and to seek termination of such agreements, with such rights subject to the applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and orders of the bankruptcy court. (for more information, see "liquidity and financial resources - financial resources - acceleration of pre-petition debt obligations" in item 7. md&a.)
under the priority scheme established by the bankruptcy code, certain post-petition and secured or "priority" pre-petition liabilities need to be satisfied before general unsecured creditors and holders of pg&e corporation's and the utility's equity are entitled to receive any distribution. no assurance can be given as to what values, if any, will be ascribed in the chapter 11 cases to the claims and interests of each of these constituencies. additionally, no assurance can be given as to whether, when or in what form unsecured creditors and holders of pg&e corporation's or the utility's equity may receive a distribution on such claims or interests.
under the bankruptcy code, pg&e corporation and the utility may assume, assume and assign, or reject certain executory contracts and unexpired leases, including, without limitation, leases of real property and equipment, subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court and to certain other conditions. any description of an executory contract or unexpired lease in this annual report on form 10-k, including, where applicable, the express termination rights thereunder or a quantification of their obligations, must be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by, any overriding rejection rights pg&e corporation and the utility have under the bankruptcy code.
for the duration of the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation's and the utility's business is subject to the risks and uncertainties of bankruptcy. for example, the chapter 11 cases could adversely affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's relationships with suppliers and employees which, in turn, could adversely affect the value of pg&e corporation's and the utility's business and assets. at this time, it is not possible to predict with certainty the impact of the chapter 11 cases on pg&e corporation's and the utility's business or various creditors, or whether or when pg&e corporation and the utility will emerge from bankruptcy. pg&e corporation's and the utility's future results depend upon the confirmation, and successful implementation, on a timely basis, of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization. for a discussion of the significant risks and uncertainties related to the chapter 11 cases, see "risks related to chapter 11 proceedings and liquidity" in item 1a. risk factors.
going concern the accompanying consolidated financial statements to this annual report on form 10-k have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of operations, the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. however, pg&e corporation and the utility are facing extraordinary challenges relating to a series of catastrophic wildfires that occurred in northern california in 2017 and 2018. as a result of these challenges, such realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities are subject to uncertainty. for more information about the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires, see item 3. legal proceedings, item 7. md&a, and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
management has concluded that uncertainty regarding these matters raises substantial doubt about pg&e corporation's and the utility's ability to continue as going concerns, and their independent registered public accountants have included an explanatory paragraph in their auditors' report which states certain conditions exist which raise substantial doubt about pg&e corporation's and the utility's ability to continue as going concerns in relation to the foregoing. the consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. for more information about these matters, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "report of independent registered public accounting firm" in item 8.
summary of changes in net income and earnings per share pg&e corporation's net losses available for common shareholders were $6.9 billion in 2018, compared to net income available for common shareholders of $1.6 billion in 2017. in 2018, pg&e corporation recognized charges of $14 billion (pre-tax), offset by probable insurance recoveries of $2.2 billion (pre-tax), associated with third-party claims and legal and other costs related to the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires.
key factors affecting financial results pg&e corporation and the utility believe that their financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by the following factors:
•   the outcome of the chapter 11 cases. for the duration of the chapter 11 cases, pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's business is subject to the risks and uncertainties of bankruptcy. for example, the chapter 11 cases could adversely affect the utility's relationships with suppliers and employees which, in turn, could adversely affect the value of the business and assets of pg&amp;e corporation and the utility. pg&amp;e corporation and the utility also expect to incur increased legal and other professional costs associated with the chapter 11 cases and the reorganization. at this time, it is not possible to predict with certainty the effect of the chapter 11 cases on their business or various creditors, or whether or when pg&amp;e corporation and the utility will emerge from bankruptcy. pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows depend upon confirming, and successfully implementing, on a timely basis, a plan of reorganization.
•   the utility's ability to fund ongoing operations and other capital needs. in connection with the chapter 11 cases, pg&amp;e corporation and the utility entered into the dip credit agreement, and a portion of the dip revolving facility in the amount of $1.5 billion (including $750 million of the letter of credit subfacility) was made available. the remainder of the dip facilities are unavailable for borrowing and will remain unavailable until and unless the bankruptcy court approves the availability thereof following a final hearing. for the duration of the chapter 11 cases, pg&amp;e corporation and the utility expect that the dip credit agreement, together with cash on hand, cash flow from operations and distributions received from subsidiaries, will be the utility's primary source of capital to fund ongoing operations and other capital needs and that they will have limited, if any, access to additional financing. in the event that cash on hand, cash flow from operations, distributions received from subsidiaries, and availability under the dip credit agreement are not sufficient to meet these liquidity needs, pg&amp;e corporation and the utility may be required to seek additional financing, and can provide no assurance that additional financing would be available or, if available, offered on acceptable terms. the amount of any such additional financing could be limited by negative covenants in the dip credit agreement, which include restrictions on pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and create liens on assets.
•   the impact of wildfires. pg&amp;e corporation and the utility face several uncertainties in connection with the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires, related to: the amount of possible loss related to third-party claims (in 2018, the utility recorded total charges of $13.4 billion, which reflects the low end of the range of reasonably estimated losses and is subject to change based on additional information), which aggregate possible losses, if the utility were found liable for certain or all of the costs, expenses and other losses in connection with the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires (other than potential punitive damages, fines and penalties or damages related to future claims), could exceed $30 billion; punitive damages, which could be material; fines or penalties, which could be material, if the cpuc or any law enforcement agency brought an enforcement action and determined that the utility failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations; the amount of damages in respect of future claims, which could be material; the applicability of the doctrine of inverse condemnation in the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires litigation, which the utility intends to continue to challenge during the pendency of its chapter 11 case; the applicability of other theories of liability, including negligence, related to the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfire claims; the recoverability of the above mentioned costs, even if a court decision imposes liability under the doctrine of inverse condemnation; the amount of the customer harm threshold under sb 901 and the timing of any recovery by the utility in excess of the customer harm threshold in a proceeding before the cpuc; and recoverability of clean-up and repair costs (the utility incurred costs of $681 million for clean-up and repair of the utility's facilities through december 31, 2018). (see notes 3 and 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and item 1a. risk factors.)
•   the outcome of other enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters. the utility's financial results may continue to be impacted by the outcome of other current and future enforcement, litigation (to the extent not stayed as a result of the chapter 11 cases), and regulatory matters, including the outcome of the locate and mark oii, phase two of the safety culture oii, the outcome of phase two of the ex parte oii, the sentencing terms of the utility's january 27, 2017 federal criminal conviction, including the oversight of the utility's probation and the potential recommendations by the third-party monitor, and potential penalties in connection with the utility's safety and other self-reports. (see notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
•   the timing and outcome of ratemaking proceedings. the utility's financial results may be impacted by the timing and outcome of its 2019 gt&amp;s rate case, 2020 grc, ferc to18, to19, and to20 rate cases, future cost of capital proceedings, and its ability to timely recover costs not in rates already incurred and to be incurred in the future, including those tracked in its cema, wema, fhpma and the utility's 2019 wildfire safety plan. the outcome of regulatory proceedings can be affected by many factors, including intervening parties' testimonies, potential rate impacts, the utility's reputation, the regulatory and political environments, and other factors. (see notes 3 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and "regulatory matters" below.)
•   the utility's compliance with the cpuc capital structure. the cpuc's capital structure decisions require the utility to maintain a 52% equity ratio on average over the period that the authorized capital structure is in place, and to file an application for a waiver to the capital structure condition if an adverse financial event reduces its equity ratio by 1% or more. the cpuc's decisions state that the utility shall not be considered in violation of these conditions during the period the waiver application is pending resolution. due to the net charges recorded in connection with the 2018 camp fire and the 2017 northern california wildfires as of december 31, 2018, the utility intends to submit to the cpuc an application for a waiver of the capital structure condition on february 28, 2019. the waiver is subject to cpuc approval. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of its waiver application.
for more information about the risks that could materially affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows, or that could cause future results to differ from historical results, see "item 1a. risk factors" in the 2018 form 10-k.  in addition, this 2018 form 10-k contains forward-looking statements that are necessarily subject to various risks and uncertainties.  these statements reflect management's judgment and opinions that are based on current estimates, expectations, and projections about future events and assumptions regarding these events and management's knowledge of facts as of the date of this report.  see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" below for a list of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially.  pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict all the factors that may affect future results and do not undertake an obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events, or otherwise.
results of operations the following discussion presents pg&e corporation's and the utility's operating results for 2018, 2017, and 2016.  see "key factors affecting financial results" above for further discussion about factors that could affect future results of operations.
pg&e corporation the consolidated results of operations consist primarily of results related to the utility, which are discussed in the "utility" section below.  the following table provides a summary of net income (loss) available for common shareholders:
utility                $(6,832     )          $1,677              $1,388
pg&e corporation's net income (loss) primarily consists of income taxes and interest expense on long-term debt and other income from investments.  the decrease in pg&e corporation's net loss for 2018, as compared to 2017, is primarily due to the impact of the san bruno derivative litigation in 2017 with no corresponding activity in 2018, partially offset by additional income taxes in 2017.
pg&e corporation's net income decreased in 2017, as compared to 2016, primarily due to the impact of the tax act and interest expense, partially offset by the impact of the san bruno derivative litigation.
utility the table below shows certain items from the utility's consolidated statements of income for 2018, 2017, and 2016.  the table separately identifies the revenues and costs that impacted earnings from those that did not impact earnings.  in general, expenses the utility is authorized to pass through directly to customers (such as costs to purchase electricity and natural gas, as well as costs to fund public purpose programs) and the corresponding amount of revenues collected to recover those pass-through costs, do not impact earnings.  in addition, expenses that have been specifically authorized (such as energy procurement costs) and the corresponding revenues the utility is authorized to collect to recover such costs, do not impact earnings.
revenues that impact earnings are primarily those that have been authorized by the cpuc and the ferc to recover the utility's costs to own and operate its assets and to provide the utility an opportunity to earn its authorized rate of return on rate base.  expenses that impact earnings are primarily those that the utility incurs to own and operate its assets.
(in millions)                                               that impacted earnings             that did not impact earnings            total utility           that impacted earnings             that did not impact earnings            total utility          that impacted earnings            that did not impact earnings            total utility electric operating revenues                                       $7,859                                 $4,854                       $12,713                        $7,897                                 $5,230                       $13,127                    7,955                                5,910                             13,865
cost of electricity                                                    -                                  3,828                         3,828                             -                                  4,309                         4,309                        -                                4,765                              4,765
income tax provision (benefit) (1)                                                                                                     (3,295      )                                                                                         427                                                                                               70
(1) these items impacted earnings.
utility revenues and costs that impacted earnings the following discussion presents the utility's operating results for 2018, 2017, and 2016, focusing on revenues and expenses that impacted earnings for these periods.
operating revenues the utility's electric and natural gas operating revenues that impacted earnings increased $39 million in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to increased base revenues authorized in the 2017 grc, partially offset by tax benefits resulting from the tax act expected to be returned to customers. see "regulatory matters" below.
the utility's electric and natural gas operating revenues that impacted earnings increased $144 million, or 1%, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher electric transmission revenues.
operating and maintenance the utility's operating and maintenance expenses that impacted earnings increased $363 million, or 7%, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to $209 million for clean up and repair costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire, as compared to $17 million relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires charged in 2017. also, the utility recorded charges of $187 million in additional legal and other costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire (the utility recorded $205 million for legal and other costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2018 camp fire in 2018, as compared to $18 million in 2017). the utility also recorded charges of $121 million reflecting the additional write off of insurance premiums for single event coverage policies (the utility recorded $185 million in 2018 for the write off of insurance premiums, as compared to $64 million in 2017). these increases were partially offset by a $38 million reduction to the estimated disallowance for gas-related capital costs that were expected to exceed authorized amounts in 2018, compared to a $47 million disallowance recorded in 2017 related to the diablo canyon settlement. additionally, the increases were offset by a decrease in legal and other costs relating to the 2015 butte fire of $20 million in 2018 compared to 2017 (the utility recorded $40 million for legal and other costs relating to the 2015 butte fire in 2018 as compared to $60 million in 2017).
the utility's operating and maintenance expenses that impacted earnings decreased $550 million, or 10%, in 2017 compared to 2016. in 2017, the utility incurred $455 million less in disallowed charges (the utility recorded a $47 million disallowance related to the diablo canyon settlement in 2017 as compared to $502 million of disallowed capital charges related to the san bruno penalty decision and 2015 gt&s rate case decision in 2016). this decrease was partially offset by a $64 million write off of insurance premiums for single event coverage policies recorded in 2017, with no corresponding activity in 2016. additionally, the decrease was offset by a $51 million increase in legal and other costs (the utility recorded $18 million relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires and $60 million relating to the 2015 butte fire in 2017, as compared to $27 million relating to the 2015 butte fire in 2016).
wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries costs related to wildfires that impacted earnings increased by $11.8 billion in 2018 compared to 2017. in 2018, the utility recognized charges of $14 billion, offset by probable insurance recoveries of $2.2 billion associated with the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires. in 2017, the utility recognized a charge of $350 million, offset by probable insurance recoveries of $350 million related to the 2015 butte fire.
in 2016, the utility recognized a $750 million charge, offset by probable insurance recoveries of $625 million related to the 2015 butte fire.
depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning the utility's depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning expenses increased by $182 million, or 6%, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to capital additions. in 2017, the utility's depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning expenses increased by $100 million, or 4%, compared to 2016, primarily due to the impact of capital additions and higher depreciation rates as authorized by the cpuc in the 2017 grc.
interest income the utility's interest income increased by $44 million, or 147%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to higher interest rates affecting various regulatory balancing accounts and fluctuations in those accounts. there was no material change in the utility's interest income in 2017 as compared to 2016. the utility's interest income is primarily affected by changes in regulatory balancing accounts and changes in interest rates.
interest expense the utility's interest expense increased by $37 million, or 4%, in 2018 compared to 2017. the utility's interest expenses increased by $58 million, or 7%, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to the issuance of additional long-term debt.
other income, net the utility's other income, net increased by $39 million, or 60%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, primarily due to an increase in afudc as the average balance of construction work in progress was higher in 2018 as compared to 2017. there was no material change in the utility's other income, net in 2017 as compared to 2016.
income tax provision the utility's income tax provision decreased $3.7 billion in 2018 compared to 2017.  the decrease in the income tax provision and increase in the effective tax rate were primarily the result of pre-tax losses in 2018 versus pre-tax income in 2017, partially offset by a decrease in the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as a result of the tax act.
the utility's income tax provision increased $357 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase in the tax provision was primarily the result of the statutory tax effect of higher pre-tax income in 2017 compared to 2016 and an adjustment required to record the change in deferred tax balances due to tax reform in 2017 with no comparable adjustment in 2016.
state income tax (net of federal benefit) (1)                    7.9    %          1.6    %         (2.2   )%
tax credits                                                      0.1    %         (1.1   )%         (0.8   )%
benefit of loss carryback                                          -    %            -    %         (1.1   )%
(1) includes the effect of state flow-through ratemaking treatment.  in 2016, amounts reflect a settlement with the irs on a 2011 audit related to electric transmission and distribution repairs deductions.
(2) includes the effect of federal flow-through ratemaking treatment for certain property-related costs as authorized by the 2014 grc decision (impacting the twelve months ended december 31, 2017), the 2017 grc decision (impacting the twelve months ended december 31, 2018), and by the 2015 gt&s decision which impacted all periods presented.  all amounts are impacted by the level of income before income taxes.  the 2014 grc, 2017 grc, and 2015 gt&s rate case decisions authorized revenue requirements that reflect flow-through ratemaking for temporary income tax differences attributable to repair costs and certain other property-related costs for federal tax purposes.  for these temporary tax differences, pg&e corporation and the utility recognize the deferred tax impact in the current period and record offsetting regulatory assets and liabilities.  therefore, pg&e corporation's and the utility's effective tax rates are impacted as these differences arise and reverse.  pg&e corporation and the utility recognize such differences as regulatory assets or liabilities as it is probable that these amounts will be recovered from or returned to customers in future rates.  in 2018, the amounts also reflect the impact of the amortization of excess deferred tax benefits to be refunded to customers as a result of the tax act passed in december 2017.
(5) these amounts primarily represent the impact of tax audit settlements.
utility revenues and costs that did not impact earnings fluctuations in revenues that did not impact earnings are primarily driven by procurement costs. see below for more information.
cost of electricity the utility's cost of electricity includes the cost of power purchased from third parties (including renewable energy resources), transmission, fuel used in its own generation facilities, fuel supplied to other facilities under power purchase agreements, costs to comply with california's cap-and-trade program, and realized gains and losses on price risk management activities.  (see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)  the utility's total purchased power is driven by customer demand, the availability of the utility's own generation facilities (including diablo canyon and its hydroelectric plants), and the cost-effectiveness of each source of electricity.
fuel used in own generation facilities                 297                 270                 255
total cost of electricity                           $3,828              $4,309              $4,765
(1) average cost of purchased power was impacted primarily by lower utility electric customer demand, driven by customer departures to ccas or direct access providers, and a larger percentage of higher cost renewable energy resources being allocated to the fewer remaining utility electric customers. see further discussion in "legislative and regulatory initiatives - power charge indifference adjustment," below.
(2) the decrease in purchased power for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to lower utility electric customer demand.
cost of natural gas the utility's cost of natural gas includes the costs of procurement, storage and transportation of natural gas, costs to comply with california's cap-and-trade program, and realized gains and losses on price risk management activities.  (see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)  the utility's cost of natural gas is impacted by the market price of natural gas, changes in the cost of storage and transportation, and changes in customer demand.
(1) one thousand cubic feet operating and maintenance expenses the utility's operating expenses that did not impact earnings include certain costs that the utility is authorized to recover as incurred such as pension contributions and public purpose programs costs.  if the utility were to spend more than authorized amounts, these expenses could have an impact to earnings.  for 2018, 2017, and 2016, no material amounts were incurred above authorized amounts.
other income, net the utility's other income, net that did not impact earnings includes pension and other post-retirement benefit costs that fluctuate primarily from market and interest rate changes.
liquidity and financial resources overview on the petition date, pg&e corporation and the utility filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 in the bankruptcy court. in connection with the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation and the utility entered into a dip credit agreement. on the petition date, pg&e corporation and the utility filed a motion seeking, among other things, interim and final approval of the dip facilities. on january 31, 2019, the bankruptcy court provided interim approval of the dip facilities and on february 1, 2019, the dip credit agreement was executed and became effective and a portion of the dip revolving facility in the amount of $1.5 billion (including $750 million of the letter of credit subfacility) was made available to pg&e corporation and the utility. as of february 28, 2019, the remainder of the dip revolving facility (including the remainder of the $1.5 billion letter of credit subfacility), the dip initial term loan facility and the dip delayed draw term loan facility are unavailable for borrowing and will remain unavailable until and unless the bankruptcy court approves the availability thereof following a final hearing. pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the date of the final hearing, but it is currently scheduled for march 13, 2019. there can be no assurances that the bankruptcy court will grant final approval of the dip facilities at the final hearing, or at all. (for more information on the dip credit agreement, see "dip credit agreement" below and note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
for the duration of the chapter 11 cases, the utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures and pay other ongoing expenses and make distributions to pg&e corporation will primarily depend on the levels of its operating cash flows and availability under the dip credit agreement. the utility expects that the dip facilities will provide it with sufficient liquidity to fund its ongoing operations, including its ability to provide safe service to customers, during the chapter 11 cases. for the duration of the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation's ability to fund operations and pay other ongoing expenses will primarily depend on cash on hand and intercompany transfers. in the event that pg&e corporation's and the utility's capital needs increase materially due to unexpected events or transactions, additional financing outside of the dip facilities may be required, which would be subject to approval by the bankruptcy court. such approval is not assured. for more information on pg&e corporation's and the utility's material commitments for capital expenditures, see "regulatory matters" below.
during 2018 and january 2019, pg&e corporation's and the utility's credit ratings were subject to multiple downgrades by fitch, s&p and moody's including to ratings below investment grade and ultimately to "d" or low "c" ratings. effective february 5, 2019, moody's has withdrawn each of its credit ratings for pg&e corporation and the utility as a result of the chapter 11 cases. as a result of pg&e corporation's and the utility's credit ratings ceasing to be rated at investment grade, the utility has been required to post additional collateral under its commodity purchase agreements, and other obligations, and has been exposed to significant constraints on its customary trade credit. in addition, pg&e corporation and the utility may be required to post additional collateral in respect of certain other obligations, including workers' compensation and environmental remediation obligations. (see notes 9 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.  pg&e corporation and the utility maintain separate bank accounts and primarily invest their cash in money market funds.
as of december 31, 2018, pg&e corporation and the utility had unconsolidated cash and cash equivalent balances of $373 million and $1.3 billion, respectively. on the petition date, pg&e corporation and the utility had unconsolidated cash and cash equivalent balances of $370 million and $490 million (including approximately $250 million of customer deposits and cash held from counterparties by the utility), respectively. starting in early january 2019, the utility's cash and cash equivalent balance decreased by approximately $811 million to satisfy collateral posting needs, address accelerated payment and pre-pay demands of energy commodity suppliers, and to address requests from other essential suppliers for shortened payment terms or elimination of credit lines. as of february 27, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility had unconsolidated cash and cash equivalent balances of approximately $480 million and $1.7 billion, respectively.
financial resources acceleration of pre-petition debt obligations the commencement of the chapter 11 cases constituted an event of default or termination event, and caused an automatic and immediate acceleration of the accelerated direct financial obligations. accordingly, as a result of the commencement of the chapter 11 cases, the principal amount of the accelerated direct financial obligations, together with accrued interest thereon, and in case of certain indebtedness, premium, if any, thereon, immediately became due and payable. however, any efforts to enforce such payment obligations are automatically stayed as of the petition date, and are subject to the applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and orders of the bankruptcy court. the material accelerated direct financial obligations include all outstanding senior notes, agreements in respect of certain series of pollution control bonds, and pg&e corporation's term loan facility, as well as short-term borrowings under pg&e corporation's and the utility's revolving credit facilities and the utility's term loan facility disclosed in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
dip credit agreement in connection with the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation and the utility entered into the dip credit agreement. as a result of the bankruptcy court's interim approval of the dip credit agreement on january 31, 2019, and the satisfaction of the other conditions thereof, the dip credit agreement became effective on february 1, 2019, and a portion of the dip revolving facility in the amount of $1.5 billion (including $750 million of the letter of credit subfacility) was made available to pg&e corporation and the utility. as of february 28, 2019, the remainder of the dip revolving facility (including the remainder of the $1.5 billion letter of credit subfacility), the dip initial term loan facility and the dip delayed draw term loan facility are unavailable for borrowing and will remain unavailable until and unless the bankruptcy court approves the availability thereof following a final hearing. pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the date of the final hearing, but it is currently scheduled for march 13, 2019. there can be no assurances that the bankruptcy court will grant final approval of the dip facilities at the final hearing, or at all.
borrowings under the dip credit agreement are senior secured obligations of the utility, secured by substantially all of the utility's assets and entitled to superpriority administrative expense claim status in the utility's chapter 11 case. the utility's obligations under the dip credit agreement are guaranteed by pg&e corporation, and such guarantee is a senior secured obligation of pg&e corporation, secured by substantially all of pg&e corporation's assets and entitled to superpriority administrative expense claim status in pg&e corporation's chapter 11 case. the dip credit agreement will mature on december 31, 2020, subject to the utility's option to extend the maturity to december 31, 2021 if certain terms and conditions are satisfied, including the payment of an extension fee. the utility paid customary fees and expenses in connection with obtaining the dip credit agreement. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for a more detailed description of the dip credit agreement.
as of february 28, 2019, the utility had outstanding borrowings of $350 million under the dip revolving facility, and $30 million in face amount of outstanding letters of credit, with remaining availability of $1.12 billion under the dip revolving facility.
cpuc authorization of dip credit agreement on january 28, 2019, the cpuc granted the utility exemptions from the requirement of prior cpuc approval for issuance of debt instruments for the incurrence of the dip financing. the cpuc also indicated its position that the exemptions do not extend to the transfer of ownership of any utility asset that is pledged as part of the dip financing and that in the event of the utility's default under the dip financing, the utility would need to seek the cpuc's approval to execute such a transfer. further, the cpuc indicated that the utility's "expenditure of the initial dip financing funds for any purposes may not be recovered from ratepayers without commission approval in a future application for rate recovery" and that the utility "bears the burden of demonstrating the reasonableness of any expenditure."
pre-petition debt and equity financings there were no issuances under the pg&e corporation february 2017 equity distribution agreement for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018.
during 2018, pg&e corporation issued 5.6 million shares of common stock for cash proceeds of $199 million under the pg&e corporation 401(k) plan and share-based compensation plans. the proceeds from these sales were used for general corporate purposes. beginning january 1, 2019, pg&e corporation's matching contributions under its 401(k) plan are deposited in cash.
during the first quarter of 2018, the utility satisfied and discharged its remaining obligation of $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 8.25% senior notes due october 15, 2018.
in february 2018, the utility's $250 million floating rate unsecured term loan, issued in february 2017, matured and was repaid. in february 2018, the utility entered into a new $250 million floating rate unsecured term loan. the proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of the utility's outstanding commercial paper. as a result of the chapter 11 cases, the utility's obligation to repay this loan, which was scheduled to mature on february 22, 2019, has been stayed.
in april 2018, pg&e corporation entered into a $350 million floating rate unsecured term loan. the term loan was scheduled to mature on april 16, 2020. as a result of the chapter 11 cases, pg&e corporation's obligation to repay this loan has been stayed. the proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including the early redemption of pg&e corporation's outstanding $350 million principal amount of 2.40% senior notes due march 1, 2019. on april 26, 2018, pg&e corporation completed the early redemption of these bonds, which satisfied and discharged its remaining obligation of $350 million.
in august 2018, the utility issued $500 million principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due august 1, 2023 and $300 million principal amount of 4.65% senior notes due august 1, 2028. the proceeds were used to repay $500 million floating rate senior notes due november 28, 2018 and for general corporate purposes.
in november 2018, the utility's $500 million floating rate unsecured term loan, issued in november 2017, matured and was repaid.
in december 2018, the utility's $45 million principal amount of 1.05% series 2008 g pollution control bonds matured and were repaid.
in november 2018, pg&e corporation and the utility drew all amounts available under their respective revolving credit facilities in the amount of $300 million and $2.85 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2018, pg&e corporation and the utility had aggregate borrowings outstanding under their respective revolving credit facilities of $300 million and $2.965 billion, respectively.  the utility's aggregate borrowings under its revolving credit facility includes $2.85 billion of revolving credit loans, and approximately $80 million of letters of credit outstanding.  see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
dividends on december 20, 2017, the boards of directors of pg&e corporation and the utility suspended quarterly cash dividends on both pg&e corporation's and the utility's common stock, beginning the fourth quarter of 2017, as well as the utility's preferred stock, beginning the three-month period ending january 31, 2018, due to the uncertainty related to the causes of and potential liabilities associated with the 2017 northern california wildfires. (see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
utility cash flows the utility's cash flows were as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities      $4,704                $5,916                $4,344
net cash used in investing activities          (6,564    )           (5,650    )           (5,753    )
net cash provided by financing activities       2,708                   110                 1,194
operating activities the utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, other than expenses such as depreciation that do not require the use of cash.  during 2018, net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $1.2 billion compared to 2017.  this decrease was due to an increase in costs for clean-up and repair, and legal and other costs related to the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires, as well as enhanced vegetation management work, and due to fluctuations in activities within the normal course of business such as the timing and amount of customer billings and collections and vendor billings and payments. additionally, the utility paid $59 million in income taxes in 2018, as compared to receiving a refund of $162 million in 2017.
during 2017, net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1.6 billion compared to 2016. this increase was primarily due to additional electric and natural gas operating revenues collected as authorized by the cpuc in the 2015 gt&s rate case, the $400 million refund to natural gas customers in the second quarter of 2016, as required by the san bruno penalty decision (with no corresponding activity in 2017), and the receipt of approximately $300 million of insurance recoveries related to the 2015 butte fire in 2017 as compared to $50 million of insurance recoveries related to the 2015 butte fire during 2016.
the utility will continue to operate its business as a debtor in possession under the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court and in accordance with applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and the orders of the bankruptcy court.  future cash flow from operating activities will be affected by various ongoing activities, including:
•   the timing and amounts of costs, including fines and penalties, that may be incurred in connection with current and future enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters (see note 13 and "enforcement and litigation matters" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. and item 3. legal proceedings for more information);
•   the timing and amount of premium payments related to wildfire insurance (see "wildfire insurance" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for more information);
•   the tax act, which may accelerate the timing of federal tax payments and reduce revenue requirements, resulting in lower operating cash flows depending on the timing of wildfire payments (see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 and "regulatory matters" below for more information);
•   the timing and outcomes of the 2019 gt&amp;s rate case, 2020 grc, ferc to18, to19 and to20 rate cases, 2018 cema filing, 2020 cost of capital, ndctp, and other ratemaking and regulatory proceedings; and
•   the timing and amount of substantially increasing costs in connection with the 2019 wildfire safety plan (see "overview" above and "regulatory matters" below for more information).
the utility had material obligations outstanding as of the petition date, including claims related to the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires. any efforts to enforce such payment obligations are automatically stayed as of the petition date, and are subject to the applicable provisions of the bankruptcy code and orders of the bankruptcy court. future cash flows will be materially impacted by the timing and outcome of the chapter 11 cases.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities increased by $914 million during 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase of approximately $873 million in capital expenditures. net cash used in investing activities increased by $124 million during 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures. the utility's investing activities primarily consist of the construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to provide safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers.  cash used in investing activities also includes the proceeds from sales of nuclear decommissioning trust investments which are largely offset by the amount of cash used to purchase new nuclear decommissioning trust investments.  the funds in the decommissioning trusts, along with accumulated earnings, are used exclusively for decommissioning and dismantling the utility's nuclear generation facilities.
future cash flows used in investing activities are largely dependent on the timing and amount of capital expenditures.  the utility estimates that it will incur approximately $7.1 billion in capital expenditures in 2019, and $6.9 billion in 2020.
financing activities during 2018, net cash provided by financing activities increased by $2.6 billion as compared to 2017. this increase was primarily due to borrowings under revolving credit facilities.
cash provided by or used in financing activities is driven by the utility's financing needs, which depend on the level of cash provided by or used in operating activities, the level of cash provided by or used in investing activities, the conditions in the capital markets, and the maturity date of existing debt instruments.  the utility generally utilizes long-term debt issuances, retained earnings, and equity contributions from pg&e corporation to maintain its cpuc-authorized capital structure, and relies on short-term debt to fund temporary financing needs.
contractual commitments the following table provides information about pg&e corporation's and the utility's contractual commitments at december 31, 2018:
(in millions)                                           less than1 year             1-3years             3-5years            more than5 years               total utility long-term debt (1)                                         $813                  $3,709               $3,190                  $24,172                 $31,884
pension and other benefits (3)                              351                     684                  684                      342                   2,061
total contractual commitments                            $4,725                 $11,040               $8,992                  $49,760                 $74,517
(1) includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate at december 31, 2018 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument's maturity. the commencement of the chapter 11 cases constituted an event of default or termination event under the long term debt summarized in the table above. for more information, see "liquidity and financial resources - financial resources - acceleration of pre-petition debt obligations" in item 7. md&a and note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(2) see "purchase commitments" and "other commitments" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
(3) see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. payments into the pension and other benefits plans are based on annual contribution requirements. as these annual requirements continue indefinitely into the future, the amount shown in the column entitled "more than 5 years" represents only 1 year of contributions for the utility's pension and other benefit plans.
(4) beginning with the three-month period ending january 31, 2018, quarterly cash dividends on the utility's preferred stock were suspended.  while the timing of cumulative dividend payments is uncertain, it is assumed for the table above to be payable within a fixed period of five years based on historical performance.  (see note 6 of the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
the contractual commitments table above excludes potential payments associated with unrecognized tax positions.  due to the uncertainty surrounding tax audits, pg&e corporation and the utility cannot make reliable estimates of the amounts and periods of future payments to major tax jurisdictions related to unrecognized tax benefits.  matters relating to tax years that remain subject to examination are discussed in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. (for more information, see "liquidity and financial resources - financial resources - acceleration of pre-petition debt obligations" in item 7. md&a.)
subject to certain exceptions, under the bankruptcy code, pg&e corporation and the utility may assume, assign or reject certain executory contracts and unexpired leases, subject to the approval of the bankruptcy court and satisfaction of certain other conditions. generally, the rejection of an executory contract or unexpired lease is treated as a pre-petition breach of such executory contract or unexpired lease and, subject to certain exceptions, relieves pg&e corporation and the utility of performing their respective future obligations under such executory contract or unexpired lease but entitles the contract counterparty or lessor to a pre-petition general unsecured claim for damages caused by such deemed breach. generally, the assumption of an executory contract or unexpired lease will require pg&e corporation or the utility, as applicable, to cure existing monetary and non-monetary defaults under such executory contract or unexpired lease and provide adequate assurance of future performance. accordingly, any description of an executory contract or unexpired lease with pg&e corporation or the utility in this annual report on form 10-k, including where applicable a quantification of the obligations under any such executory contract or unexpired lease, is qualified by any overriding assumption or rejection rights pg&e corporation or the utility, as applicable, has under the bankruptcy code. further, nothing herein is or shall be deemed to be an admission with respect to any claim amounts or calculations arising from the rejection of any executory contract or unexpired lease and pg&e corporation and the utility expressly reserve all of their rights with respect thereto.
as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, pg&e corporation and the utility continue to evaluate if they will seek to assume or reject any power purchase agreement in connection with the chapter 11 cases. any decision to assume or reject any power purchase agreement will be made by pg&e corporation's and the utility's management in consideration of then-existing economic, regulatory, market and legal conditions and other relevant considerations, subject to the bankruptcy court and potentially other approvals.
off-balance sheet arrangements pg&e corporation and the utility do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on their financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources, other than those discussed under "purchase commitments" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
enforcement and litigation matters pg&e corporation and the utility have significant contingencies arising from their operations, including contingencies related to the enforcement and litigation matters described in notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. and legal proceedings in item 3. the outcome of these matters, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material effect on pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
regulatory matters the utility is subject to substantial regulation by the cpuc, the ferc, the nrc, and other federal and state regulatory agencies. the resolutions of the proceedings described below and other proceedings may materially affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
2017 general rate case on may 11, 2017, the cpuc issued a final decision in the utility's 2017 grc, which determined the annual amount of base revenues (or "revenue requirements") that the utility is authorized to collect from customers from 2017 through 2019 to recover its anticipated costs for electric distribution, natural gas distribution, and electric generation operations and to provide the utility an opportunity to earn its authorized rate of return. the final decision approved, with certain modifications, the settlement agreement that the utility, pao, turn, and 12 other intervening parties jointly submitted to the cpuc on august 3, 2016. consistent with the amounts proposed in the settlement agreement, the final decision approved a revenue requirement increase of $88 million for 2017, with additional increases of $444 million in 2018 and $361 million in 2019.
on september 24, 2018, the cpuc approved the utility's advice letter proposal to make a one-time reduction to revenues by approximately $21 million. this advice letter was directed by an alj ruling in response to the utility's $300 million expense reduction announcement in january 2017.
also, as a result of the tax act, on march 30, 2018, the utility submitted to the cpuc a pfm of the cpuc's final decision in the 2017 grc. the pfm, if adopted, would reduce revenue requirements by $267 million and $296 million for 2018 and 2019 respectively, and increase rate base by $199 million and $425 million for 2018 and 2019, respectively. the utility cannot predict the timing and outcome of this pfm.
the utility provided an update of the cost effectiveness study for the smartmetertm upgrade project to the cpuc on july 10, 2017. on january 31, 2019, the cpuc extended the statutory deadline for the 2017 grc to august 9, 2019, in order to allow for comments and cpuc action on any pd on the smartmetertm upgrade cost effectiveness study. the utility cannot predict the timing and outcome of any cpuc action in connection with this study and its impact on the 2017 grc revenue requirement and rate base.
2020 general rate case on december 13, 2018, the utility filed its 2020 grc application with the cpuc. in the 2020 grc, the utility has requested that the cpuc determine the annual amount of base revenues (or "revenue requirements") that the utility will be authorized to collect from customers from 2020 through 2022 to recover its anticipated costs for electric distribution, natural gas distribution, and electric generation operations and to provide the utility an opportunity to earn its authorized rate of return. the utility's request also reflects an updated capital forecast for 2018 and 2019. the 2020 grc application also includes recorded costs for 2017 and updated forecasts for the proposed mitigations for the period 2018 through 2022 for the utility's top safety-related risks as presented in the utility's november 2017 ramp report.
for 2020, the utility has requested base revenues of $9.6 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 12.4%, as compared to authorized base revenues for 2019. the requested weighted average rate base for 2020 is approximately $30 billion, which corresponds to an increase of $2.7 billion over the 2019 authorized rate base of $27.3 billion. the utility also requested that the cpuc establish a ratemaking mechanism that would increase the utility's authorized revenues in 2021 and 2022 by $454 million and $486 million, respectively. over the 2020-2022 grc period, the utility plans to make average annual capital investments of approximately $4.5 billion in electric distribution, natural gas distribution and electric generation infrastructure, and to improve safety, reliability, and customer service.
the following tables compare the requested 2020 revenue requirement amounts with the comparable revenue requirements currently authorized for 2019, by both line of business and cost category:
less: revenue credits                                                                                              (196   )            (152   )             (44   )
(1) these amounts include revenues from the utility's 2017 grc decision adjusted for attrition year increases, cost of capital, and reductions due to the tax act.
revenue requirement drivers                   increase to 2019 authorized amounts community wildfire safety program                                             6.8   %
liability insurance (1)                                                       3.2   %
(1) the utility's grc forecast indicates that future liability insurance premium costs will be approximately $355 million in 2020
among other things, the utility proposes to invest a total of approximately $5 billion (including approximately $3 billion for capital expenditures) between 2018 and 2022 on cwsp measures. through this program, the utility proposes to bolster wildfire prevention, risk monitoring, emergency response efforts, and add new and enhanced safety measures, increase vegetation management and harden its electric system to help further reduce wildfire risks.
in addition, the utility requests authorization to establish several new balancing accounts, including:
•   a two-way electric and gas risk transfer balancing account to record the difference between the amounts adopted for liability insurance premiums and the utility's actual costs; this two-way account would allow the utility to pass-through actual insurance costs for up to $2 billion in coverage and return to customers any overcollection if forecast costs exceed actuals costs; and
•   a two-way wildfire safety balancing account to track and record actual incremental expenses and capital revenue requirements associated with the incremental costs of fire risk mitigation work that are not already addressed and recorded in another account; this would include the costs associated with overhead system hardening, enhanced vegetation management, and other incremental costs of wildfire mitigations that are approved by the cpuc in the utility's annual wildfire mitigation plan. in accordance with sb 901, the utility submitted its first wildfire safety plan to the cpuc on february 6, 2019.
this grc proposal does not request funding for potential lawsuits or claims resulting from the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires. also, the utility is not seeking recovery of compensation of pg&e corporation's and the utility's officers. in addition, the chapter 11 cases may impact the amount of work the utility can commit to financing and require a change to the scope of work that the utility proposes to accomplish in the 2020 grc period.
in its application, the utility requests that the cpuc issue a final decision by march 2020 and that the 2020 grc rates be effective january 1, 2020. the prehearing conference was held february 11, 2019, to set a procedural schedule, including the dates for interested parties to submit testimony and for evidentiary hearings.
2015 gas transmission and storage rate case in its final decisions in the utility's 2015 gt&s rate case, the cpuc excluded from rate base $696 million of capital spending in 2011 through 2014. this was the amount recorded in excess of the amount adopted in the 2011 gt&s rate case. the decision permanently disallowed $120 million of that amount and ordered that the remaining $576 million be subject to an audit overseen by the cpuc staff, with the possibility that the utility may seek recovery in a future proceeding. the utility would be required to take a charge in the future if the cpuc's audit of 2011 through 2014 capital spending resulted in additional permanent disallowance. the audit is still in process. the utility cannot predict the timing and outcome of the audit.
as a result of the tax act, on march 30, 2018, the utility submitted to the cpuc a pfm of the cpuc's final decision in the 2015 gt&s rate case proposing to reduce revenue requirements by $58 million and increase rate base by $12 million for 2018 (excluding the impacts of an approximately $7 million increase in revenue requirement and a $60 million increase in rate base associated with the utility's private letter ruling advice letter approved by the cpuc on july 18, 2018). the utility cannot predict the timing and outcome of this pfm.
2019 gas transmission and storage rate case on november 17, 2017, the utility filed its 2019 gt&s rate case application with the cpuc for the years 2019 through 2021. the utility also provided a revenue requirement and rates for 2022, in the event the cpuc adopts an additional year. on october 1, 2018, the utility entered into a stipulation with pao that, if approved, would extend the rate case cycle through 2022 as recommended by pao.
in its application, the utility requested that the cpuc authorize a 2019 revenue requirement of $1.59 billion to recover anticipated costs of providing natural gas transmission and storage services beginning on january 1, 2019. this corresponds to an increase of $289 million over the utility's 2018 authorized revenue requirement of $1.30 billion. the utility's request also proposed revenue requirements of $1.73 billion for 2020, $1.91 billion for 2021, and $1.91 billion for 2022 if the cpuc orders a fourth year for the rate case period.
the utility subsequently revised its forecast revenue requirement as a result of the tax act and other forecast updates, including significant reductions in the areas of gas storage facilities and gas system operations programs. the revised revenue requirements are as follows: $1.48 billion for 2019, $1.59 billion for 2020, $1.69 billion for 2021, and $1.68 billion for 2022. the revised 2019 requested revenue requirement corresponds to an increase of $184 million over the utility's 2018 authorized revenue requirement.
the requested rate base for 2019 is $4.75 billion, which corresponds to an increase of $1.04 billion over the 2018 adopted rate base of $3.71 billion. the utility's request is based on capital expenditure forecasts of $829 million for 2019, $872 million for 2020, and $825 million for 2021 (which exclude common capital allocations). the requested rate base amounts exclude approximately $576 million of capital spending subject to audit by the cpuc related to 2011 through 2014 expenditures in excess of amounts adopted in the 2011 gt&s rate case. the utility is unable to predict whether the $576 million, or a portion thereof, will ultimately be approved by the cpuc and included in the utility's future rate base.
in response to the utility's application, parties proposed various forecast reductions. for example, the pao recommended a 2019 revenue requirement of $1.35 billion, an increase of $45 million over 2018 adopted amounts. turn proposed widespread reductions in forecast costs and recommended capital and expense disallowances of more than $500 million.
a later phase of the proceeding is expected to address the removal of officer compensation costs from the revenue requirement, which is required by sb 901. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
on january 8, 2018, the ninth circuit court of appeals issued an opinion granting an appeal of ferc's decisions in the to16 and to17 rate cases that had granted the utility a 50 basis point roe incentive adder for its continued participation in the caiso. those rate case decisions have been remanded to ferc for further proceedings consistent with the court of appeals' opinion. if ferc concludes on remand that the utility should no longer be authorized to receive the 50 basis point roe incentive adder, the utility would incur a refund obligation of $1 million and $8.5 million for to16 and to17, respectively. alternatively, if ferc again concludes that the utility should receive the 50 basis point roe incentive adder and provides the additional explanation that the ninth circuit found the ferc's prior decisions lacked, then the utility would not owe any refunds for this issue for to16 or to17.
on february 28, 2018, the utility filed a motion to establish procedures on remand requesting a hearing and additional briefing on the issues identified in the ninth circuit court's opinion. on august 20, 2018, ferc issued an order granting the utility's motion to allow for additional briefing. the order also consolidated the to18 rate case with to16 and to17 for this issue. the utility filed briefs on september 19, 2018 and reply briefs on october 10, 2018. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of ferc's decision.
on july 29, 2016, the utility filed its to18 rate case at the ferc requesting a 2017 retail electric transmission revenue requirement of $1.72 billion, a $387 million increase over the 2016 revenue requirement of $1.33 billion.  the forecasted network transmission rate base for 2017 was $6.7 billion.  the utility is seeking a return on equity of 10.9%, which includes an incentive component of 50 basis points for the utility's continuing participation in the caiso.  in the filing, the utility forecasted that it would make investments of $1.30 billion in 2017 in various capital projects.
on september 30, 2016, the ferc issued an order accepting the utility's july 2016 filing and set it for hearing, but held the hearing procedures in abeyance for settlement procedures.  the order set an effective date for rates of march 1, 2017, and made the rates subject to refund following resolution of the case.  on march 17, 2017, the ferc issued an order terminating the settlement procedures due to an impasse in the settlement negotiations reported by the parties.  during the hearings held in january 2018, the utility, intervenors, and the ferc trial staff, addressed questions relating to return on equity, capital structure, depreciation rates, capital additions, rate base, operating and maintenance expense, administrative and general expense, and the allocation of common, general and intangible costs.
on october 1, 2018, the alj issued an initial decision in the to18 rate case proposing an roe of 9.13% compared to the utility's request of 10.90%, and an estimated composite depreciation rate of 2.96% compared to the utility's request of 3.25%. the alj also rejected the utility's method of allocating common plant between cpuc and ferc jurisdiction. in addition, the alj proposed to reduce forecasted capital and expense spending to actual costs incurred for the rate case period. further, the alj proposed to remove certain items from the utility's rate base and revenue requirement. the utility and intervenors filed initial briefs on october 31, 2018, and reply briefs on november 20, 2018, in response to the alj's recommendations. the utility expects ferc to issue a decision in mid-2019, but expects one or more parties to seek rehearing of that decision and then appeal it to the courts. the utility is unable to predict the timing of when a final decision will be issued.
additionally, on march 31, 2017, intervenors in the to18 rate case filed a complaint at the ferc alleging that the utility failed to justify its proposed rate increase in the to18 rate case. on november 16, 2017, the ferc dismissed the complaint. on december 18, 2017, the complainants filed a request for a rehearing of that order, which the ferc denied on may 17, 2018.
on july 27, 2017, the utility filed its to19 rate case at the ferc requesting a 2018 retail electric transmission revenue requirement of $1.79 billion, a $74 million increase over the proposed 2017 revenue requirement of $1.72 billion. the forecasted network transmission rate base for 2018 is $6.9 billion.  the utility is seeking an roe of 10.75%, which includes an incentive component of 50 basis points for the utility's continuing participation in the caiso. in the filing, the utility forecasted capital expenditures of approximately $1.4 billion.  on september 28, 2017, the ferc issued an order accepting the utility's july 2017 filing, subject to hearing and refund, and established march 1, 2018, as the effective date for rate changes.  ferc also ordered that the hearings be held in abeyance pending settlement discussion among the parties. on may 14, 2018, the utility filed a proposal to reflect the impact of the tax act on its to tariff rates effective march 1, 2018, in the resolution of the to19 rate case. the tax impact reduces the to19 requested revenue requirement from $1.79 billion to $1.66 billion.
on september 29, 2017, intervenors in the to19 rate case filed a complaint at the ferc alleging that the utility failed to justify its proposed rate increase in the to19 rate case. on october 17, 2017, the utility requested that the ferc dismiss the complaint. on may 17, 2018, the ferc issued an order setting the complaint for hearing, settlement judge procedures, and consolidation with the to19 proceeding.
on september 21, 2018, the utility filed an all-party settlement with ferc in connection with to19. as part of the settlement, the to19 revenue requirement will be set at 98.85% of the revenue requirement for to18 that will be determined in the to18 final decision. additionally, if ferc determines that the utility is not entitled to the 50 basis point incentive adder for the utility's continued caiso participation, than the utility would be obligated to make a refund to customers of approximately $25 million. on december 20, 2018, ferc issued an order approving the all-party settlement.
on october 1, 2018, the utility filed its to20 rate case at ferc requesting approval of a formula rate for the costs associated with the utility's electric transmission facilities. on november 30, 2018, the ferc issued an order accepting the utility's october 2018 filing, subject to hearings and refund, and established may 1, 2019, as the effective date for rate changes. ferc also ordered that the hearings will be held in abeyance pending settlement discussions among the parties. the utility is unable to predict the timing and outcome of settlement discussions.
the formula rate replaces the "stated rate" methodology that the utility used in its previous to rate case filings. the formula rate methodology still includes an authorized revenue requirement and rate base for a given year, but it also provides for an annual update of the following year's revenue requirement and rates in accordance with the terms of the ferc-approved formula. under the formula rate mechanism, transmission revenues, including cwip, will be updated to the actual cost of service annually. differences between amounts collected and determined under the formula rate will be either collected from or refunded to customers.
in the filing, the utility forecasts a 2019 retail electric transmission revenue requirement of $1.96 billion. the proposed amount reflects an approximately 9.5% increase over the as-filed to19 requested revenue requirement of $1.79 billion (a subsequent reduction to $1.66 billion was identified as a result of the tax act). the utility forecasts that it will make investments of approximately $1.1 billion and $0.7 billion for 2018 and 2019, respectively, for various capital projects to be placed in service before the end of 2019. including projects to be placed in service beyond 2019, the utility forecasts total electric transmission capital expenditures of $1.4 billion in 2018 and $1.4 billion in 2019. the utility's forecasted rate base for 2019 is approximately $8 billion on a weighted average basis, compared to the utility's forecasted rate base of $6.9 billion in 2018. the utility has requested that ferc approve a 12.5% return on equity (which includes an incentive component of 50 basis points for the utility's continuing participation in the caiso), an increase from the 10.75% (also inclusive of a 50 basis point caiso incentive adder) requested in its to19 rate case. a settlement conference is scheduled for march 14 - 15, 2019.
the utility expects to file an annual update to its to tariff on or before december 1 of each year beginning in 2019, for rates and charges to become effective january 1 of the following year, consistent with the formula rate.
nuclear decommissioning cost triennial proceeding the utility expects that the decommissioning of diablo canyon will take many years after the expiration of its current operating licenses. detailed studies of the cost to decommission the utility's nuclear generation facilities are conducted every three years in conjunction with the ndctp. actual decommissioning costs may vary from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions such as regulatory requirements; technology; and costs of labor, materials, and equipment. the utility recovers its revenue requirements for decommissioning costs from customers through a non-bypassable charge that the utility expects will continue until those costs are fully recovered.
on december 13, 2018, the utility submitted its updated decommissioning cost estimate to the cpuc for diablo canyon based on a site-specific decommissioning analysis. a prehearing conference was held on february 6, 2019.
for more information, see "asset retirement obligations" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
wildfire expense memorandum account on june 21, 2018, the cpuc issued a decision granting the utility's request to establish a wema to track specific incremental wildfire liability costs effective as of july 26, 2017. in the wema, the utility can record costs related to wildfires, including: (1) payments to satisfy wildfire claims, including any deductibles, co-insurance and other insurance expense paid by the utility but excluding costs that have already been forecasted and adopted in the utility's grc; (2) outside legal costs incurred in the defense of wildfire claims; (3) insurance premium costs not in rates; and (4) the cost of financing these amounts.  insurance proceeds, as well as any payments received from third parties, or through ferc authorized rates, will be credited to the wema as they are received.  the wema will not include the utility's costs for fire response and infrastructure costs which are tracked in the cema.  the decision does not grant the utility rate recovery of any wildfire-related costs. any such rate recovery would require cpuc authorization in a separate proceeding. (see notes 3 and 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
as of december 31, 2018, the consolidated financial statements include long-term regulatory assets of $94 million, consisting of insurance premium costs that are probable of recovery. should pg&e corporation and the utility conclude in future periods that recovery of insurance premiums in excess of amounts included in authorized revenue requirements is no longer probable, pg&e corporation and the utility will record a charge in the period such conclusion is reached.
catastrophic event memorandum account applications the cpuc allows utilities to recover the reasonable, incremental costs of responding to catastrophic events that have been declared a disaster or state of emergency by competent federal or state authorities through a cema. in 2014, the cpuc directed the utility to perform additional fire prevention and vegetation management work in response to the severe drought in california. the costs associated with this work are tracked in the cema. while the utility believes such costs are recoverable through cema, its cema applications are subject to cpuc review and approval. for more information see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
2016 cema application in 2016, the utility submitted a request to the cpuc to authorize recovery under the cema tariff for a revenue requirement increase of approximately $146 million for recorded capital and expense costs related to the 2015 drought mitigations and emergency response activities for declared disasters that occurred from december 2012 through march 2016. on january 4, 2018, pao, turn, and the utility filed an all-party motion with the cpuc seeking approval of an all-party settlement agreement. the settlement agreement proposed that the utility's total cema revenue requirement request be reduced by $29 million, from $146 million to $117 million. on june 21, 2018, the cpuc approved the settlement agreement authorizing the utility to recover $117 million in connection with its 2016 cema application.
2018 cema application on march 30, 2018, the utility submitted to the cpuc its 2018 cema application requesting cost recovery of $183 million in connection with seven catastrophic events that included fire and storm declared emergencies from mid-2016 through early 2017, as well as $405 million related to work performed in 2016 and 2017 to cut back or remove dead or dying trees that were exposed to years of drought conditions and bark beetle infestation. also, the 2018 cema application originally sought cost recovery of $555 million on a forecast basis, subject to true-up if actual costs were greater or less than the forecast, for additional tree mortality and fire risk mitigation work anticipated in 2018 and 2019. on october 12, 2018, the utility notified the cpuc and other parties that $180 million of the forecasted 2018 and 2019 fire risk mitigation costs would be removed from cema and instead pursued in the fhpma. upon removal of the $180 million, the utility's forecast of costs for 2018 and 2019 sought in the application would be approximately $375 million. the 2018 cema application does not include costs related to the 2015 butte fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires, or the 2018 camp fire.
on november 2, 2018, the assigned alj denied the utility's july 25, 2018 motion requesting interim rate relief for $441 million, which represents 75% of the costs incurred in 2016 and 2017 related to storms, wildfires and tree mortality response work. subsequently, on december 4, 2018, the utility filed a renewed motion for interim rate relief, due to worsening financial conditions. the renewed motion for interim relief sought approximately $588 million, which represents 100% of the total costs incurred in 2016 and 2017 for the activities referenced above. the utility requested that the interim rate relief begins on march 1, 2019 and cost recovery occurs over a one-year period, with the amounts collected to be subject to refund based on the authorized amount in the proceeding.
on february 5, 2019, the assigned aljs issued a pd on the utility's renewed motion for interim rate relief, granting interim rate recovery "in an amount no greater than and possibly less than $373 million" of its recorded 2016 and 2017 cema costs, as compared to approximately $588 million requested by the utility, subject to ensuring that the overall impact would result in no rate increase as compared to revenue at present rates. if adopted, the pd would also require the utility to refund, with interest, any excess rate recovery amount it obtained in comparison to the final decision in this proceeding regarding the total approved 2016 and 2017 cema costs. further, the pd rejected the utility's $555 million cost recovery request, on a forecast basis, for 2018 and 2019 anticipated costs for tree mortality and fire risk mitigation work. the pd finds, among other things, that the applicable cpuc resolution does not authorize recovery of cema eligible costs on a forecast basis. the utility expects that the cpuc will vote on the pd no earlier than march 14, 2019.
pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the timing and outcome of this proceeding.
fire hazard prevention memorandum account the cpuc allows utilities to track and record costs associated with the implementation of regulations and requirements adopted to protect the public from potential fire hazards associated with overhead power line facilities and nearby aerial communication facilities that have not been previously authorized in another proceeding. the utility currently is authorized to track such costs in the fhpma through the end of 2019. during 2018, the utility recorded $262 million of costs to the fhpma, corresponding to vegetation management work performed to comply with cpuc december 2017 fire safety regulations. while the utility believes such costs are recoverable, rate recovery requires cpuc authorization in a separate proceeding or through a grc. (see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
2019 wildfire safety plan on october 25, 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to implement the provisions of sb 901 related to electric utility wildfire mitigation plans. this oir provided guidance on the form and content of the initial wildfire mitigation plans, provided a venue for review of the initial plans, and developed and refined the content of and process for review and implementation of wildfire mitigation plans to be filed in future years. in this proceeding the cpuc will consider, among other things, how to interpret and apply sb 901's list of required plan elements, as well as whether additional elements beyond those required in sb 901 should be included in the wildfire mitigation plans. sb 901 also requires, among other things, that such plans include a description of the preventive strategies and programs to be adopted by an electrical corporation to minimize the risk of its electrical lines and equipment causing catastrophic wildfires, including the consideration of dynamic climate change risks, plans for vegetation management, and plans for inspections of the electrical corporation's electrical infrastructure. the scope of this proceeding does not include utility recovery of costs related to wildfire mitigation plans, which sb 901 requires be addressed in separate rate recovery applications.
on february 6, 2019, the utility filed its wildfire mitigation plan with the cpuc. the 2019 wildfire safety plan also describes forecasted work and investments in 2019 that are designed to help further reduce the potential for wildfire ignitions associated with the utility's electrical equipment in high fire-threat areas. the 2019 wildfire safety plan specifically addresses wildfire risk factors that occur most frequently and have potential to start or spread a fire. the new and ongoing safety measures being pursued include:
•   installing nearly 600 new, high-definition cameras, made available to cal fire and local fire officials, in high fire-threat areas by 2022, increasing coverage across high fire-threat areas to more than 90%;
•   adding approximately 1,300 additional new weather stations by 2022, at a density of one station roughly every 20 circuit miles in high fire-threat areas;
•   further enhancing vegetation management efforts across high and extreme fire-threat areas to address vegetation that poses higher potential for wildfire risk, such as removing or trimming trees from particular 'at-risk' tree species that have exhibited a higher pattern of failing;
•   continuing to disable automatic reclosing in high fire-threat areas during wildfire season and periods of high fire-risk and upgrading more reclosers and circuit breakers in high fire-threat areas with remote control capabilities
•   installing stronger and more resilient poles and covered power lines, including targeted undergrounding, starting in areas with the highest fire risk, ultimately upgrading and strengthening approximately 7,100 miles over the next 10 years; and
•   partnering with additional communities in high fire-threat areas to create new resilience zones that can power central community resources during a public safety power shutoff.
the cpuc is expected to issue a decision in the second quarter of 2019. pg&e corporation and the utility are unable to predict the outcome of this proceeding.
oir to implement public utilities code section 451.2 regarding criteria and methodology for wildfire cost recovery pursuant to senate bill 901
sb 901, signed into law on september 21, 2018, requires the cpuc to establish a customer harm threshold, directing the cpuc to limit certain disallowances in the aggregate, so that they do not exceed the maximum amount that the utility can pay without harming ratepayers or materially impacting its ability to provide adequate and safe service (the "customer harm threshold"). sb 901 also authorizes the cpuc to issue a financing order that permits recovery, through the issuance of recovery bonds (also referred to as "securitization"), of wildfire-related costs found to be just and reasonable by the cpuc and, only for the 2017 northern california wildfires, any amounts in excess of the customer harm threshold. sb 901 does not authorize securitization with respect to possible 2018 camp fire costs, as the bill does not address fires that occurred in 2018.
on january 10, 2019, the cpuc adopted an oir, which establishes a process to develop criteria and a methodology to inform determinations of the customer harm threshold in future applications under section 451.2(a) of the public utilities code. in the oir, the cpuc stated that "consistent with section 451.2(a), the determination of what costs and expenses are just and reasonable must be made in the context of an application for the recovery of specific costs related to the 2017 wildfires." based on the cpuc's interpretation of section 451.2 as outlined in the oir, pg&e corporation and the utility believe that any securitization of costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires would not occur, if at all, until (a) the utility has paid claims relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires, (b) the utility has filed application for recovery of such costs and (c) the cpuc makes a determination that such costs are just and reasonable or in excess of the customer harm threshold. pg&e corporation and the utility therefore do not expect the cpuc to permit the utility to securitize costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires on an expedited or emergency basis. based on the oir, as well as prior experience and precedent, and unless the cpuc alters the position expressed in the oir, pg&e corporation and the utility believe it likely would take several years to obtain authorization to securitize any amounts relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires.
on february 11, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility filed opening comments in response to the oir in which they argued, among other things, the cpuc should (1) promptly set a customer harm threshold, or at least define the methodology for setting the customer harm threshold with sufficient specificity to enable pg&e corporation and the utility and potential investors to anticipate that amount; (2) determine the customer harm threshold based on the capital needed to resolve claims arising from both the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires to be provided for in a plan of reorganization; (3) define how the customer harm threshold will be applied to any future wildfires; and (4) establish the customer harm threshold based on the amount of debt pg&e corporation and the utility can raise. based on assumptions set forth in the comments, pg&e corporation and the utility indicated that they could borrow up to approximately $3 billion to fund wildfire claims costs as part of a plan of reorganization.
transportation electrification california law sb 350 requires the cpuc, in consultation with the california air resources board and the cec, to direct electrical corporations to file applications for programs and investments to accelerate widespread te. in september 2016, the cpuc directed the utility and the other large ious to file te applications that include both short-term projects (of up to $20 million in total) and two-to-five year programs with a requested revenue requirement determined by the utility.
on may 31, 2018, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utility's standard review program proposals for actual expenditures up to approximately $269 million (including $198 million of capital expenditures), to support make-ready infrastructure supporting public fast charging and medium to heavy-duty fleets. in the fleetready program, the utility has a goal of providing utility-owned make-ready infrastructure at 700 sites, conducting operation and maintenance of installed infrastructure, and educating customers on the benefits of electric vehicles. the final decision gives customers the option of self-funding, installing, owning, and maintaining the make-ready infrastructure installed beyond the customer meter in lieu of utility ownership, after which they would receive a utility rebate for a portion of those costs. the fast charge program has a goal to install make-ready infrastructure at approximately 52 public charging sites amounting to roughly 234 dc fast chargers.
on december 19, 2018, the cpuc initiated a new rulemaking for vehicle electrification matters (r. 18-12-006). this new proceeding will include issues related to utility rate designs supporting transportation electrification and hydrogen fueling stations, a framework for ious' transportation electrification investments, and vehicle-grid integration. a pre-hearing conference for this rulemaking is expected in the first quarter of 2019, with a scoping memo to follow that conference.
electric distribution resources plan as required by california law, on july 1, 2015, the utility filed its proposed electric drp for approval by the cpuc.  the utility's drp identifies its approach for identifying optimal locations on its electric distribution system for deployment of ders.  the utility's drp approach is designed to allow distributed energy technologies to be integrated into the larger grid while continuing to provide customers with safe, reliable, and affordable electric service.
as part of the utility's drp approach, on june 1, 2018, the utility filed its first annual distribution grid needs assessment report with the cpuc, and on september 4, 2018, the utility filed its first distribution deferral opportunity report. the distribution deferral report proposes cost effective electric distribution investments that can be deferred through deployment of dispatchable third-party owned ders, or non-wire alternative solutions, to operate during specific grid events.  the utility convened a distribution planning advisory group comprised of cpuc staff, ratepayer and environmental advocates, and der market participants, to review and provide advisory input to the utility on its distribution deferral identification process and to identify distribution deferral opportunities.  after incorporating the advisory group's input, on november 28, 2018, the utility filed a proposal with the cpuc for competitively procuring distribution services from third-party owned ders to defer selected distribution deferral opportunities.  the utility expects to launch competitive solicitations following the cpuc's approval of the utility's procurement plan.
on march 26, 2018, the cpuc issued a final decision requiring the utility to include a grid modernization plan for integrating ders in the utility's grc.  the grid modernization plan for ders must include a narrative 10-year vision for investments needed to support der growth, while ensuring safety and service reliability.  on june 25, 2018, the utility hosted a public grid modernization workshop for integrating ders to provide a high-level overview of its vision and 10-year plan and incorporate stakeholder input.  on december 13, 2018, the utility filed its 2020 grc application, which includes the utility's grid modernization vision and plan.
oir to consider strategies and guidance for climate change adaptation on april 26, 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to consider strategies for integrating climate change adaptation matters into relevant cpuc proceedings.  phase one will focus on how to integrate climate change adaptation into the ious' existing planning and operations to ensure utility safety and reliability.
•   data, tools, resources, and guidance to instruct utilities on how to incorporate adaption in their existing planning and operational processes; and
•   strategies to address climate change in cpuc proceedings, including impacts on disadvantaged communities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives senate bill 901
sb 901, signed into law on september 21, 2018, requires the cpuc to establish a customer harm threshold (as defined herein), directing the cpuc to limit certain disallowances in the aggregate, so that they do not exceed the customer harm threshold. sb 901 also authorizes the cpuc to issue a financing order that permits recovery, through the issuance of recovery bonds (also referred to as "securitization"), of wildfire-related costs found to be just and reasonable by the cpuc and, only for the 2017 northern california wildfires, any amounts in excess of the customer harm threshold. sb 901 does not authorize securitization with respect to possible 2018 camp fire costs, as the bill does not address fires that occurred in 2018.
on january 10, 2019, the cpuc adopted an oir, which establishes a process to develop criteria and a methodology to inform determinations of the customer harm threshold in future applications under section 451.2(a) of the public utilities code for cost recovery of 2017 wildfire costs. in the oir, the cpuc stated that "consistent with section 451.2(a), the determination of what costs and expenses are just and reasonable must be made in the context of an application for the recovery of specific costs related to the 2017 wildfires." based on the cpuc's interpretation of section 451.2 as outlined in the oir, pg&e corporation and the utility believe that any securitization of costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires would not occur, if at all, until (a) the utility has paid claims relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires, (b) the utility has filed application for recovery of such costs, and (c) the cpuc makes a determination that such costs are just and reasonable or in excess of the customer harm threshold. pg&e corporation and the utility therefore do not expect the cpuc to permit the utility to securitize costs relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires on an expedited or emergency basis. based on the oir, as well as prior experience and precedent, and unless the cpuc alters the position expressed in the oir, pg&e corporation and the utility believe it likely would take several years to obtain authorization to securitize any amounts relating to the 2017 northern california wildfires.
on february 11, 2019, pg&e corporation and the utility filed opening comments in response to the oir. (see "regulatory matters - oir to implement public utilities code section 451.2 regarding criteria and methodology for wildfire cost recovery pursuant to senate bill 901" above.)
in addition, sb 901 requires utilities to submit annual wildfire mitigation plans for approval by the cpuc on a schedule to be established by the cpuc.  the wildfire mitigation plan must include the components specified in sb 901, such as identification and prioritization of wildfire risks, and drivers for those risks; plans for vegetation management; actions to harden the system, prepare for, and respond to events; and protocols for disabling reclosers and deenergizing the system.  the cpuc has three months to approve a utility's plan, with the ability to extend the deadline. the cpuc will conduct an annual compliance review, which will be supported by an independent evaluator's report. the cpuc will complete the compliance review within 18 months. sb 901 establishes factors to be considered by the cpuc when setting penalties for failure to substantially comply with the plan.  costs associated with the wildfire mitigation plan are tracked in a memorandum account, and the costs of implementing the plan will be assessed in each utility's general rate case proceeding, or other application proceedings.  the utility is unable to predict the timing or outcome of the cpuc's review of the wildfire mitigation plan, the results of the cpuc compliance review of wildfire mitigation plan implementation, or the timing or extent of cost recovery for wildfire mitigation plan activities.
finally, sb 901 established a commission on catastrophic wildfire cost and recovery to evaluate wildfire reforms, including inverse condemnation reform, a potential state wildfire insurance fund, and other wildfire mitigation measures. the commission, which will be composed of members with demonstrated expertise in insurance, public and private utilities, or allocation of costs and reduction of damage associated with wildfires, will hold multiple meetings throughout the state to accept public and expert testimony and develop recommendations. the commission, in consultation with the cpuc and california insurance commissioner, will prepare a report on or before july 1, 2019, that contains an assessment of issues surrounding catastrophic wildfire costs and damages and makes recommendations for changes to the law. the recommendations of the commission and the response by the governor and legislature to those recommendations could materially affect pg&e corporation's and the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.
power charge indifference adjustment oir on october 11, 2018, the cpuc approved a decision to modify the pcia methodology, which was developed after the 2001 california energy crisis, which adjusts how customers that leave the utility's bundled service for cca or direct access service, pay for their share of the costs associated with long-term power purchase commitments made on their behalf. the decision better enables utilities to recover their above market costs from departing customers as compared to the previous methodology, by:
•   adopting benchmark values used to set the pcia rate that more closely resemble actual market prices for resource adequacy and renewable energy credits;
•   continuing to allow legacy utility-owned generation costs to be recovered from cca customers;
•   eliminating the 10-year limit on pcia cost recovery for post-2002 utility owned generation and certain storage costs; and
the utility anticipates the revised pcia rate to go into effect as of may 1, 2019.
on december 19, 2018, a prehearing conference was held to initiate phase 2 of the pcia proceeding, to further develop proposals for future consideration by the cpuc. on february 1, 2019, the assigned commissioner issued a phase 2 scoping memo and ruling, which sets forth the category, issues, need for hearing, schedule, and other matters. as indicated in the scoping memo and ruling, phase 2 of this proceeding will primarily rely upon a working group process to further develop a number of pcia-related proposals for consideration by the cpuc, which include benchmark true-up for brown power resource adequacy and renewable energy credits, rate design mechanics, portfolio optimization and cost reduction, allocation and auctions, whether the commission should consider new or modified shareholder responsibility for future portfolio mismanagement, if any, and cca and da prepayment options. the schedule included in the scoping memo and ruling indicates that the cpuc is expected to issue decisions on several topics covered by this oir starting in late 2019 and extending through 2020.
environmental matters the utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public.  these laws and requirements relate to a broad range of the utility's activities, including the remediation of hazardous wastes; the reporting and reduction of carbon dioxide and other ghg emissions; the discharge of pollutants into the air, water, and soil; the reporting of safety and reliability measures for natural gas storage facilities; and the transportation, handling, storage, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel.  (see item 1a. risk factors, "environmental regulation" in item 1. and "environmental remediation contingencies" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
risk management activities pg&e corporation, mainly through its ownership of the utility, and the utility are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and counterparty credit. the utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows.  the utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes (i.e., risk mitigation) and not for speculative purposes.
commodity price risk the utility is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its electricity and natural gas procurement activities, including the procurement of natural gas and nuclear fuel necessary for electricity generation and natural gas procurement for core customers. the utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. as long as the utility can conclude that it is probable that its reasonably incurred wholesale electricity procurement costs and natural gas costs are recoverable, fluctuations in electricity and natural gas prices will not affect earnings. such fluctuations, however, may impact cash flows. the utility's natural gas transportation and storage costs for core customers are also fully recoverable through a ratemaking mechanism.
the utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected.  the utility recovers these costs in its gas transmission and storage rate cases through fixed reservation charges and volumetric charges from long-term contracts, resulting in price and volumetric risk. the utility uses value-at-risk to measure its shareholders' exposure to these risks. the utility's value-at-risk was approximately $11 million and $8 million at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. (see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for further discussion of price risk management activities.)
interest rate risk interest rate risk sensitivity analysis is used to measure interest rate risk by computing estimated changes in cash flows as a result of assumed changes in market interest rates. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, if interest rates changed by 1% for all pg&e corporation and utility variable rate long-term debt, short-term debt, and cash investments, the impact on net income over the next 12 months would be $24 million and $12 million, respectively, based on net variable rate debt and other interest rate-sensitive instruments outstanding. (see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for further discussion of interest rates.)
energy procurement credit risk the utility conducts business with counterparties mainly in the energy industry, including the caiso market, other california investor-owned electric utilities, municipal utilities, energy trading companies, financial institutions, electricity generation companies, and oil and natural gas production companies located in the united states and canada. if a counterparty fails to perform on its contractual obligation to deliver electricity or gas, then the utility may find it necessary to procure electricity or gas at current market prices, which may be higher than the contract prices.
the utility manages credit risk associated with its counterparties by assigning credit limits based on evaluations of their financial conditions, net worth, credit ratings, and other credit criteria as deemed appropriate. credit limits and credit quality are monitored periodically. the utility executes many energy contracts under master commodity enabling agreements that may require security (referred to as "credit collateral" in the table below). credit collateral may be in the form of cash or letters of credit. the utility may accept other forms of performance assurance in the form of corporate guarantees of acceptable credit quality or other eligible securities (as deemed appropriate by the utility). credit collateral or performance assurance may be required from counterparties when current net receivables and replacement cost exposure exceed contractually specified limits.
the following table summarizes the utility's energy procurement credit risk exposure to its counterparties:
(in millions)           gross creditexposurebefore creditcollateral (1)   creditcollateral             net creditexposure (2)        number ofwholesalecustomers orcounterparties&gt;10%         net creditexposure towholesalecustomers orcounterparties&gt;10%
(1) gross credit exposure equals mark-to-market value on physically and financially settled contracts, and net receivables (payables) where netting is contractually allowed.  gross and net credit exposure amounts reported above do not include adjustments for time value or liquidity.
(2) net credit exposure is the gross credit exposure before credit collateral minus credit collateral (cash deposits and letters of credit posted by counterparties and held by the utility).  for purposes of this table, parental guarantees are not included as part of the calculation.
critical accounting policies the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap involves the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the recorded amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. the accounting policies described below are considered to be critical accounting policies due, in part, to their complexity and because their application is relevant and material to the financial position and results of operations of pg&e corporation and the utility, and because these policies require the use of material judgments and estimates. actual results may differ materially from these estimates and assumptions. these accounting policies and their key characteristics are outlined below.
loss contingencies as discussed below, pg&e corporation and the utility have recorded material accruals for various wildfire-related, enforcement and legal matters, and environmental remediation liabilities. pg&e corporation and the utility have also recorded insurance receivables for third-party claims.
wildfire-related liabilities pg&e corporation and the utility are subject to potential liabilities related to wildfires.  pg&e corporation and the utility record a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses. the provision is based on the lower end of the range, unless an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount.
potential liabilities related to the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires depend on various factors, including but not limited to the cause of each fire, contributing causes of the fires (including alternative potential origins, weather and climate related issues), the number, size and type of structures damaged or destroyed, the contents of such structures and other personal property damage, the number and types of trees damaged or destroyed, attorneys' fees for claimants, the nature and extent of any personal injuries, including the loss of lives, the extent to which future claims arise, the amount of fire suppression and clean-up costs, other damages the utility may be responsible for if found negligent, and the amount of any penalties or fines that may be imposed by governmental entities. there are a number of unknown facts and legal considerations that may impact the amount of any potential liability, including the total scope and nature of claims that may be asserted against pg&e corporation or the utility, the number of wildfire-related claims that will be filed in the chapter 11 cases, the number of current and future claims that will be included in a plan of reorganization, how claims for punitive damages and claims by variously situated persons will be treated and whether such claims will be allowed, and the impact that historical settlement values for wildfire claims may have on the estimation of wildfire liability in the chapter 11 cases.
the process for estimating wildfire-related liabilities requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including but not limited to factors identified above and estimates based on currently available information and prior experience with wildfires.  (see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
enforcement and litigation matters pg&e corporation and the utility are subject to various laws and regulations and, in the normal course of business, are named as parties in a number of claims and lawsuits. in addition, penalties may be incurred for failure to comply with federal, state, or local laws and regulations. pg&e corporation and the utility record a provision for a loss contingency when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. pg&e corporation and the utility evaluate the range of reasonably estimated losses and record a provision based on the lower end of the range, unless an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. the assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. loss contingencies are reviewed quarterly and estimates are adjusted to reflect the impact of all known information, such as negotiations, discovery, settlements and payments, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. pg&e corporation's and the utility's provision for loss and expense excludes anticipated legal costs, which are expensed as incurred. actual results may differ materially from these estimates and assumptions. (see note 13 and "enforcement and litigation matters" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
environmental remediation liabilities the utility is subject to loss contingencies pursuant to federal and california environmental laws and regulations that in the future may require the utility to pay for environmental remediation at sites where it has been, or may be, a potentially responsible party. such contingencies may exist for the remediation of hazardous substances at various potential sites, including former manufactured gas plant sites, power plant sites, gas compressor stations, and sites used by the utility for the storage, recycling, or disposal of potentially hazardous materials, even if the utility did not deposit those substances on the site.
the utility generally commences the environmental remediation assessment process upon notification from federal or state agencies, or other parties, of a potential site requiring remedial action. (in some instances, the utility may initiate action to determine its remediation liability for sites that it no longer owns in cooperation with regulatory agencies. for example, the utility has begun a program related to certain former manufactured gas plant sites.) based on such notification, the utility completes an assessment of the potential site and evaluates whether it is probable that a remediation liability has been incurred. the utility records an environmental remediation liability when site assessments indicate remediation is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of possible losses. given the complexities of the legal and regulatory environment and the inherent uncertainties involved in the early stages of a remediation project, the process for estimating remediation liabilities is subjective and requires significant judgment. key factors evaluated in developing cost estimates include the extent and types of hazardous substances at a potential site, the range of technologies that can be used for remediation, the determination of the utility's liability in proportion to other responsible parties, and the extent to which such costs are recoverable from third parties.
when possible, the utility estimates costs using site-specific information, but also considers historical experience for costs incurred at similar sites depending on the level of information available. estimated costs are composed of the direct costs of the remediation effort and the costs of compensation for employees who are expected to devote a significant amount of time directly to the remediation effort. these estimated costs include remedial site investigations, remediation actions, operations and maintenance activities, post remediation monitoring, and the costs of technologies that are expected to be approved to remediate the site. remediation efforts for a particular site generally extend over a period of several years. during this period, the laws governing the remediation process may change, as well as site conditions, thereby possibly affecting the cost of the remediation effort.
at december 31, 2018 and 2017, the utility's accruals for undiscounted gross environmental liabilities were $1.3 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively. the utility's undiscounted future costs could increase to as much as $2.5 billion if the extent of contamination or necessary remediation is greater than anticipated or if the other potentially responsible parties are not financially able to contribute to these costs, and could increase further if the utility chooses to remediate beyond regulatory requirements. although the utility has provided for known environmental obligations that are probable and reasonably estimable, estimated costs may vary significantly from actual costs, and the amount of additional future costs may be material to results of operations in the period in which they are recognized.
insurance receivable the utility has liability insurance from various insurers, which provides coverage for third-party claims. the utility records insurance recoveries only when a third-party claim is recorded and it is deemed probable that a recovery of that claim will occur and the utility can reasonably estimate the amount or its range.  the assessment of whether recovery is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the recovery or a range of recoveries is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events.  insurance recoveries are reviewed quarterly and estimates are adjusted to reflect the impact of all known information, including contractual liability insurance policy coverage, advice of legal counsel, past experience with similar events, discussions with insurers and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. (see "loss recoveries" in note 13 and "other matters" in note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
regulatory accounting as a regulated entity, the utility records regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are deemed probable of recovery from, or refund to, customers. despite the ongoing losses related to wildfires (see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements), there is no actual or anticipated change in the cost of service regulation of the utility's operations. therefore, the utility continues to apply the accounting asc 980, regulated operations. these amounts would otherwise be recorded to expense or income under gaap. refer to "regulation and regulated operations" in note 2 as well as note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. at december 31, 2018, pg&e corporation and the utility reported regulatory assets (including current regulatory balancing accounts receivable) of $6.6 billion and regulatory liabilities (including current regulatory balancing accounts payable) of $10.1 billion.
determining probability requires significant judgment by management and includes, but is not limited to, consideration of testimony presented in regulatory hearings, proposed regulatory decisions, final regulatory orders, and the strength or status of applications for rehearing or state court appeals. for some of the utility's regulatory assets, including utility retained generation, the utility has determined that the costs are recoverable based on specific approval from the cpuc. the utility also records a regulatory asset when a mechanism is in place to recover current expenditures and historical experience indicates that recovery of incurred costs is probable, such as the regulatory assets for pension benefits; deferred income tax; price risk management; and unamortized loss, net of gain, on reacquired debt. the cpuc has not denied the recovery of any material costs previously recognized by the utility as regulatory assets for the periods presented. if the utility determined that it is no longer probable that regulatory assets would be recovered or reflected in future rates, or if the utility ceased to be subject to rate regulation, the regulatory assets would be charged against income in the period in which that determination was made. if regulatory accounting did not apply, the utility's future financial results could become more volatile as compared to historical financial results due to the differences in the timing of expense or revenue recognition.
a portion of the utility's regulatory asset balances relate to items which could not be anticipated by the utility during cpuc grc rate requests resulting from catastrophic events, changes in regulation, or extraordinary changes in operating practices. the utility may seek authority to track incremental costs in a memorandum account and the cpuc may authorize recovery of costs tracked in memorandum accounts if the costs are deemed incremental and prudently incurred. these accounts, which include the cema, wema, and fhpma, among others, allow the utility to track the costs associated with work related to disaster and wildfire response, and other wildfire prevention-related costs. while the utility believes such costs are recoverable, rate recovery requires cpuc authorization in separate proceedings or through a grc. (for more information, see "regulatory matters - wildfire expense memorandum account", "regulatory matters - catastrophic expense memorandum account", and "regulatory matters - fire hazard prevention memorandum account" in item 7. md&a.)
additionally, sb 901 provides a mechanism for the cpuc to potentially allow recovery in future rates, through a securitization mechanism, of wildfire-related costs found to be just and reasonable by the cpuc and, only for the 2017 northern california wildfires, any amounts in excess of the customer harm threshold. through december 31, 2018, the utility has incurred net wildfire-related claims for the 2017 northern california wildfires in excess of $2.7 billion. the utility has made an assessment as of december 31, 2018 and has concluded that the net wildfire-related claims do not meet the criteria for recognition as a regulatory asset. the utility must evaluate the likelihood of recovery in future rates each period. if the criteria are met at a later date, the utility would recognize a regulatory asset and a related gain in the consolidated income statement in the period in which it is determined that the likelihood of recovery is probable.
in addition, regulatory accounting standards require recognition of a loss if it becomes probable that capital expenditures will be disallowed for ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of the amount of the disallowance can be made. such assessments require significant judgment by management regarding probability of recovery, as described above, and the ultimate cost of construction of capital assets. the utility records a loss to the extent capital costs are expected to exceed the amount to be recovered.  the utility's capital forecasts involve a series of complex judgments regarding detailed project plans, estimates included in third-party contracts, historical cost experience for similar projects, permitting requirements, environmental compliance standards, and a variety of other factors.
asset retirement obligations pg&e corporation and the utility account for an aro at fair value in the period during which the legal obligation is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value and its settlement date can be made. at the time of recording an aro, the associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. the utility recognizes a regulatory asset or liability for the timing differences between the recognition of expenses and costs recovered through the ratemaking process. (see notes 2 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
to estimate its liability, the utility uses a discounted cash flow model based upon significant estimates and assumptions about future decommissioning costs, inflation rates, and the estimated date of decommissioning. the estimated future cash flows are discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free rate that reflects the risk associated with the decommissioning obligation.
at december 31, 2018, the utility's recorded aro for the estimated cost of retiring these long-lived assets was approximately $6 billion. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the amount of the recorded aro for these assets.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans pg&e corporation and the utility sponsor a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan for eligible employees as well as contributory postretirement health care and medical plans for eligible retirees and their eligible dependents, and non-contributory postretirement life insurance plans for eligible employees and retirees. adjustments to the pension and other benefit obligation are based on the differences between actuarial assumptions and actual plan results. these amounts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and amortized into income on a gradual basis. the differences between pension benefit expense recognized in accordance with gaap and amounts recognized for ratemaking purposes are recorded as regulatory assets or liabilities as amounts are probable of recovery from customers. to the extent the other benefits are in an overfunded position, the utility records a regulatory liability. (see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are calculated using actuarial models as of the december 31 measurement date. the significant actuarial assumptions used in determining pension and other benefit obligations include the discount rate, the average rate of future compensation increases, the health care cost trend rate and the expected return on plan assets. pg&e corporation and the utility review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary. while pg&e corporation and the utility believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience, plan changes or amendments, or significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the recorded pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and future plan expenses. (see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.)
in establishing health care cost assumptions, pg&e corporation and the utility consider recent cost trends and projections from industry experts. this evaluation suggests that current rates of inflation are expected to continue in the near term. in recognition of continued high inflation in health care costs and given the design of pg&e corporation's plans, the assumed health care cost trend rate for 2019 is 6.5%, gradually decreasing to the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% in 2027 and beyond.
expected rates of return on plan assets were developed by estimating future stock and bond returns and then applying these returns to the target asset allocations of the employee benefit trusts, resulting in a weighted average rate of return on plan assets. fixed-income returns were projected based on real maturity and credit spreads added to a long-term inflation rate. equity returns were projected based on estimates of dividend yield and real earnings growth added to a long-term rate of inflation. for the utility's defined benefit pension plan, the assumed return of 6.0% compares to a ten-year actual return of 10.0%.
the rate used to discount pension benefits and other benefits was based on a yield curve developed from market data of approximately 1,101 aa-grade non-callable bonds at december 31, 2018. this yield curve has discount rates that vary based on the duration of the obligations. the estimated future cash flows for the pension and other postretirement benefit obligations were matched to the corresponding rates on the yield curve to derive a weighted average discount rate.
the following reflects the sensitivity of pension costs and projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions:
(in millions)                        increase(decrease) inassumption          increase in 2018 pensioncosts       increase in projectedbenefit obligation atdecember 31, 2018
the following reflects the sensitivity of other postretirement benefit costs and accumulated benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions:
(in millions)                     increase(decrease) inassumption           increase in 2018other postretirementbenefit costs       increase in accumulatedbenefit obligation atdecember 31, 2018
forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements that are necessarily subject to various risks and uncertainties.  these statements reflect management's judgment and opinions that are based on current estimates, expectations, and projections about future events and assumptions regarding these events and management's knowledge of facts as of the date of this report.  these forward-looking statements relate to, among other matters, estimated losses, including penalties and fines, associated with various investigations and proceedings; forecasts of pipeline-related expenses that the utility will not recover through rates; forecasts of capital expenditures; estimates and assumptions used in critical accounting policies, including those relating to regulatory assets and liabilities, environmental remediation, litigation, third-party claims, and other liabilities; and the level of future equity or debt issuances.  these statements are also identified by words such as "assume," "expect," "intend," "forecast," "plan," "project," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "anticipate," "may," "should," "would," "could," "potential" and similar expressions.  pg&e corporation and the utility are not able to predict all the factors that may affect future results.  some of the factors that could cause future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, or from historical results, include, but are not limited to:
•   the risks and uncertainties associated with the chapter 11 cases, including, but not limited to, the ability to develop, consummate, and implement a plan of reorganization with respect to pg&amp;e corporation and the utility, the ability to develop and obtain applicable bankruptcy court, creditor or regulatory approvals, the effect of any alternative proposals, views or objections related to the plan of reorganization, potential complexities that may arise in connection with concurrent proceedings involving the bankruptcy court, the u.s. district court, the cpuc, and the ferc, increased costs related to the chapter 11 cases, the ability to obtain sufficient financing sources for ongoing and future operations, disruptions to pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's business and operations and the potential impact on regulatory compliance;
•   restrictions on pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's ability to pursue strategic and operational initiatives for the duration of the chapter 11 cases;
•   increased employee attrition as a result of the filing of the chapter 11 cases;
•   pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's historical financial information not being indicative of future financial performance as a result of the chapter 11 cases;
•   the potential delay in emergence from bankruptcy if pg&amp;e corporation and the utility are not able to develop and consummate a consensual plan of reorganization and are forced to engage in a contested proceeding;
•   the possibility that the dip credit agreement is not sufficient to fund pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's cash requirements through their emergence from bankruptcy;
•   the possibility that pg&amp;e corporation and the utility may not be able to obtain exit financing on favorable terms or at all;
•   the impact of the 2018 camp fire and the 2017 northern california wildfires, including whether the utility will be able to timely recover costs incurred in connection with the wildfires in excess of the utility's currently authorized revenue requirements; the timing and outcome of the remaining wildfire investigations and the extent to which the utility will have liability associated with these fires; the timing and amount of insurance recoveries; and potential liabilities in connection with fines or penalties that could be imposed on the utility if the cpuc or any other law enforcement agency were to bring an enforcement action and determined that the utility failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations;
•   the timing and outcome of claims arising from the 2015 butte fire and the timing and outcome of any proceeding to recover related costs in excess of insurance through rates; the effect, if any, that the sed's $8.3 million citations issued in connection with the 2015 butte fire may have on the claims arising from the 2015 butte fire; and whether additional investigations and proceedings in connection with the 2015 butte fire will be opened and any additional fines or penalties imposed on the utility;
•   the timing and outcome of issuance of recovery bonds ("securitization") of 2017 northern california wildfires costs that the cpuc finds just and reasonable;
•   whether pg&amp;e corporation and the utility are able to successfully challenge the application of the doctrine of inverse condemnation to the 2018 camp fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires and the 2015 butte fire;
•   the timing and outcome of future regulatory and legislative developments in connection with sb 901, including the customer harm threshold in connection with the 2017 northern california wildfires, future wildfire reforms, inverse condemnation reform, a potential state wildfire insurance fund, and other wildfire mitigation measures or other reforms targeted at the utility;
•   the outcome of the utility's community wildfire safety program that the utility has developed in coordination with first responders, civic and community leaders, and customers, to help reduce wildfire threats and improve safety as a result of climate-driven wildfires and extreme weather; and the cost of the program, and the timing and outcome of any proceeding to recover such cost through rates;
•   whether the utility will be able to obtain full recovery of its significantly increased insurance premiums, and the timing of any such recovery;
•   whether the utility can obtain wildfire insurance at a reasonable cost in the future, or at all, and whether insurance coverage is adequate for future losses or claims;
•   the timing and outcomes of the 2019 gt&amp;s rate case, 2020 grc, ferc to18, to19, and to20 rate cases, 2018 cema, future applications for wema and fhpma, future cost of capital proceeding, and other ratemaking and regulatory proceedings;
•   the outcome of the probation and the monitorship imposed by the federal court after the utility's conviction in the federal criminal trial in 2017, the timing and outcomes of the debarment proceeding, potential reliability penalties or sanctions from the north american electric reliability corporation, the sed's unresolved enforcement matters relating to the utility's compliance with natural gas-related laws and regulations, and other investigations that have been or may be commenced relating to the utility's compliance with natural gas- and electric- related laws and regulations, ex parte communications, and the ultimate amount of fines, penalties, and remedial costs that the utility may incur in connection with the outcomes;
•   the effects on pg&amp;e corporation's and the utility's reputations caused by the cpuc's investigations of natural gas and electric incidents, the 2018 camp fire and 2017 northern california wildfires, locate and mark, improper communications between the cpuc and the utility, and the utility's ongoing work to remove encroachments from transmission pipeline rights-of-way;
•   the implementation of the safety culture oii decision approved on november 29, 2018, and the outcome of its phase two proceeding, and future legislative or regulatory actions that may be taken, such as requiring the utility to separate its electric and natural gas businesses, or restructure into separate entities, or undertake some other corporate restructuring, or implement corporate governance changes;
•   whether the utility can control its costs within the authorized levels of spending, and timely recover its costs through rates; whether the utility can continue implementing a streamlined organizational structure and achieve project savings, the extent to which the utility incurs unrecoverable costs that are higher than the forecasts of such costs; and changes in cost forecasts or the scope and timing of planned work resulting from changes in customer demand for electricity and natural gas or other reasons;
•   whether the utility and its third-party vendors and contractors are able to protect the utility's operational networks and information technology systems from cyber- and physical attacks, or other internal or external hazards;
•   the timing and outcome of the october 1, 2018 request for rehearing of ferc's denial of the complaint filed by the cpuc and certain other parties that the utility provide an open and transparent planning process for its capital transmission projects that do not go through the caiso's transmission planning process to allow for greater participation and input from interested parties; and the timing and ultimate outcome of the ninth circuit court of appeals decision on january 8, 2018, to reverse ferc's decision granting the utility a 50 basis point roe incentive adder for continued participation in the caiso and remanding the case to ferc for further proceedings;
•   the outcome of current and future self-reports, investigations, or other enforcement proceedings that could be commenced or notices of violation that could be issued relating to the utility's compliance with laws, rules, regulations, or orders applicable to its operations, including the construction, expansion, or replacement of its electric and gas facilities, electric grid reliability, inspection and maintenance practices, customer billing and privacy, physical and cybersecurity, environmental laws and regulations; and the outcome of existing and future sed notices of violations;
•   the timing and outcome of any cpuc action in connection with the utility's smartmetertm upgrade cost-benefit analysis;
•   the impact of environmental remediation laws, regulations, and orders; the ultimate amount of costs incurred to discharge the utility's known and unknown remediation obligations; and the extent to which the utility is able to recover environmental costs in rates or from other sources;
•   the impact of sb 100, which was signed into law on september 10, 2018, that increases the percentage from 50% to 60% of california's electricity portfolio that must come from renewables by 2030; and establishes state policy that 100% of all retail electricity sales must come from rps-eligible or carbon-free resources by 2045;
•   how the cpuc and the california air resources board implement state environmental laws relating to ghg, renewable energy targets, energy efficiency standards, ders, evs, and similar matters, including whether the utility is able to continue recovering associated compliance costs, such as the cost of emission allowances and offsets under cap-and-trade regulations; and whether the utility is able to timely recover its associated investment costs;
•   the ultimate amount of unrecoverable environmental costs the utility incurs associated with the utility's natural gas compressor station site located near hinkley, california and the utility's fossil fuel-fired generation sites;
•   the impact of new legislation or nrc regulations, recommendations, policies, decisions, or orders relating to the nuclear industry, including operations, seismic design, security, safety, relicensing, the storage of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, cooling water intake, or other issues; the impact of potential actions, such as legislation, taken by state agencies that may affect the utility's ability to continue operating diablo canyon until its planned retirement;
•   the impact of wildfires, droughts, floods, or other weather-related conditions or events, climate change, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, war, vandalism (including cyber-attacks), downed power lines, and other events, that can cause unplanned outages, reduce generating output, disrupt the utility's service to customers, or damage or disrupt the facilities, operations, or information technology and systems owned by the utility, its customers, or third parties on which the utility relies, and the reparation and other costs that the utility may incur in connection with such conditions or events; the impact of the adequacy of the utility's emergency preparedness; whether the utility incurs liability to third parties for property damage or personal injury caused by such events; whether the utility is subject to civil, criminal, or regulatory penalties in connection with such events; and whether the utility's insurance coverage is available for these types of claims and sufficient to cover the utility's liability;
•   whether the utility's climate change adaptation strategies are successful;
•   the breakdown or failure of equipment that can cause damages, including fires, and unplanned outages; and whether the utility will be subject to investigations, penalties, and other costs in connection with such events;
•   the impact that reductions in customer demand for electricity and natural gas have on the utility's ability to make and recover its investments through rates and earn its authorized return on equity, and whether the utility is successful in addressing the impact of growing distributed and renewable generation resources, changing customer demand for natural gas and electric services, and an increasing number of customers departing the utility's procurement service for ccas;
•   the supply and price of electricity, natural gas, and nuclear fuel; the extent to which the utility can manage and respond to the volatility of energy commodity prices; the ability of the utility and its counterparties to post or return collateral in connection with price risk management activities; and whether the utility is able to recover timely its electric generation and energy commodity costs through rates, including its renewable energy procurement costs;
•   the amount and timing of charges reflecting probable liabilities for third-party claims; the extent to which costs incurred in connection with third-party claims or litigation can be recovered through insurance, rates, or from other third parties; and whether the utility can continue to obtain adequate insurance coverage for future losses or claims, especially following a major event that causes widespread third-party losses;
•   the ability of pg&amp;e corporation and the utility to access capital markets and other sources of debt and equity financing in a timely manner and on acceptable terms;
•   the impact of the regulation of utilities and their holding companies, including how the cpuc interprets and enforces the financial and other conditions imposed on pg&amp;e corporation when it became the utility's holding company, and whether the uncertainty in connection with the 2018 camp fire and the 2017 northern california wildfires, the ultimate outcomes of the cpuc's pending investigations, and other enforcement matters will impact the utility's ability to make distributions to pg&amp;e corporation;
•   the outcome of federal or state tax audits and the impact of any changes in federal or state tax laws, policies, regulations, or their interpretation;
•   changes in the regulatory and economic environment, including potential changes affecting renewable energy sources and associated tax credits, as a result of the current federal administration; and
for more information about the significant risks that could affect the outcome of the forward-looking statements and pg&e corporation's and the utility's future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows, see item 1a. risk factors above and a detailed discussion of these matters contained elsewhere in md&a. pg&e corporation and the utility do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, whether in response to new information, future events, or otherwise.
additionally, pg&e corporation and the utility routinely provide links to the utility's principal regulatory proceedings before the cpuc and the ferc at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the "regulatory filings" tab, so that such filings are available to investors upon filing with the relevant agency. pg&e corporation and the utility also routinely post or provide direct links to presentations, documents, and other information that may be of interest to investors at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the "news & events: events & presentations" tab and links to certain documents and information related to the 2018 camp fire, the 2017 northern california wildfires, the 2015 butte fire, and other updates which may be of interest to investors, at http://investor.pgecorp.com, under the "wildfire updates" tab, in order to publicly disseminate such information. it is possible that any of these filings or information included therein could be deemed to be material information. the information contained on this website is not part of this or any other report that pg&e corporation or the utility files with, or furnishes to, the sec. pg&e corporation and the utility are providing the address to this website solely for the information of investors and do not intend the address to be an active link.