item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
executive summary key strategic goals at pnc we manage our company for the long term. we are focused on the fundamentals of growing customers, loans, deposits and revenue and improving profitability, while investing for the future and managing risk, expenses and capital. we continue to invest in our products, markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business.
we strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. we are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.
we are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of:
•   expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms;
•   leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security and processes.
our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the basel iii framework, and other regulatory expectations, and return excess capital to shareholders. for more detail, see the capital highlights portion of this executive summary and the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 and the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business of this report.
key factors affecting financial performance we face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time. the extent of such impacts may vary depending on factors such as the current business and economic conditions, political and regulatory environment and operational challenges. many of these risks and our risk management strategies are described in more detail elsewhere in this report.
•   global and domestic economic conditions, including the continuity, speed and stamina of the current u.s. economic expansion;
•   the monetary policy actions and statements of the federal reserve and the federal open market committee (fomc);
•   the level of, and direction, timing and magnitude of movement in, interest rates and the shape of the interest rate yield curve;
•   the functioning and other performance of, and availability of liquidity in, u.s. and global financial markets, including capital markets;
•   the impact of tariffs and other trade policies of the u.s. and its global trading partners;
•   changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape;
•   the impact of legislative, regulatory and administrative initiatives and actions;
•   the impact of market credit spreads on asset valuations;
•   the ability of customers, counterparties and issuers to perform in accordance with contractual terms, and the resulting impact on our asset quality;
•   loan demand, utilization of credit commitments and standby letters of credit; and
•   the impact on customers and changes in customer behavior due to changing business and economic conditions or regulatory or legislative initiatives, including the 2017 federal tax legislation.
in addition, our success will depend upon, among other things:
•   effectively managing capital and liquidity including:
•   continuing to maintain and grow our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source;
•   prudent liquidity and capital management to meet evolving regulatory capital, capital planning, stress testing and liquidity standards; and
•   actions we take within the capital and other financial markets.
•   management of credit risk in our portfolio;
•   execution of our strategic priorities;
•   our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment;
•   the appropriateness of reserves needed for critical accounting estimates and related contingencies.
for additional information, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report.
•   provision for credit losses was $408 million in 2018 compared to $441 million for 2017.
•   income tax expense was $1.1 billion in 2018 compared to $102 million in 2017, which reflected a benefit of $1.2 billion from federal tax legislation, the tax cut and jobs act, enacted in december 2017.
for additional detail, see the consolidated income statement review section of this item 7.
balance sheet highlights our balance sheet was strong and well positioned at december 31, 2018 and 2017. in comparison to december 31, 2017:
•   total deposits increased $2.8 billion, or 1%, to $267.8 billion.
•   investment securities increased $6.6 billion, or 9%, to $82.7 billion.
•   interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the federal reserve bank, decreased $17.7 billion, or 62%, to $10.9 billion.
for additional detail, see the consolidated balance sheet review section of this item 7.
credit quality highlights overall credit quality remained strong.
for additional detail, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7.
capital highlights we maintained a strong capital position during 2018 and continued to return capital to shareholders.
•   the basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratio, which includes the full phase-in of all basel iii adjustments and became effective for pnc as of january 1, 2018, was 9.6% at december 31, 2018 compared with 9.8% at december 31, 2017, calculated on the same basis.
•   in 2018 we returned $4.4 billion of capital to shareholders through repurchases of 19.9 million common shares for $2.8 billion and dividends on common shares of $1.6 billion.
•   in june 2018, we announced share repurchase programs of up to $2.0 billion for the four quarter period beginning with the third quarter of 2018, including repurchases of up to $300 million related to stock issuances under employee benefit plans. in november 2018, we announced an increase to these previously announced programs in the amount of up to $900 million in additional common share repurchases.
our ability to take certain capital actions, including plans to pay or increase common stock dividends or to repurchase shares under current or future programs, is subject to the results of the supervisory assessment of capital adequacy undertaken by the federal reserve as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) process. for additional information, see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 business of this report.
34    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for more detail on our 2018 capital and liquidity actions as well as our capital ratios.
business outlook statements regarding our business outlook are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our view that u.s. economic growth has accelerated over the past two years to above its long-run trend. we expect further gradual improvement in the labor market this year, including job gains and rising wages, which would be a positive indicator for consumer spending. however, growth is expected to slow over the course of 2019. trade restrictions and geopolitical concerns are downside risks to the forecast. inflation is expected to slow in the first half of 2019, to below the fomc's 2% objective. short-term interest rates and bond yields are expected to rise very slowly in 2019. our baseline forecast is for one more increase in the federal funds rate, in september 2019, pushing the rate to a range of 2.50% to 2.75% in the second half of this year. see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information section in this item 7 and item 1a risk factors in this report for other factors that could cause future events to differ, perhaps materially, from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
for additional information on financial results for the fourth quarter of 2018, see the selected quarterly financial data section in the statistical information (unaudited) section of item 8 of this report.
•   revenue growth on the higher end of low-single digits, on a percentage basis;
•   noninterest expense to increase on the lower end of low-single digits, on a percentage basis; and
•   fee income to decrease by low-single digits, on a percentage basis. fee income consists of asset management, consumer services, corporate services, residential mortgage and service charges on deposits;
•   other noninterest income to be between $275 million and $325 million, excluding net securities and visa activity;
•   provision for credit losses to be between $125 million and $175 million.
consolidated income statement review our consolidated income statement is presented in item 8 of this report.
net income for 2018 was $5.3 billion, or $10.71 per diluted common share, a decrease of 1% compared with $5.4 billion, or $10.36 per diluted common share, for 2017. the decrease was primarily driven by higher income tax expense in 2018 which more than offset a 5% increase in total revenue and a 1% decrease in noninterest expense. income tax expense in 2017 reflected an income tax benefit of $1.2 billion from new federal tax legislation primarily attributable to revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory tax rate.
year ended december 31dollars in millions               averagebalances        averageyields/rates          interestincome/expense            averagebalances        averageyields/rates          interestincome/expense assets interest-earning assets investment securities                                           $78,784                       2.91   %                      $2,289                    $75,057                       2.74   %                      $2,059
interest-earning deposits with banks                             20,603                       1.84   %                         379                     24,043                       1.11   %                         267
liabilities interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits                                      $186,361                        .66   %                       1,229                   $179,447                        .35   %                         623
total interest-bearing liabilities/interest expense            $245,667                       1.16   %                       2,861                   $236,336                        .72   %                       1,706
(a)   interest income calculated as taxable-equivalent interest income. to provide more meaningful comparisons of interest income and yields for all interest-earning assets, as well as net interest margins, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on taxable investments. this adjustment is not permitted under gaap on the consolidated income statement. for more information, see reconciliation of taxable-equivalent net interest income (non-gaap) in the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report.
changes in net interest income and margin result from the interaction of the volume and composition of interest-earning assets and related yields, interest-bearing liabilities and related rates paid, and noninterest-bearing sources of funding. see the statistical information (unaudited) - average consolidated balance sheet and net interest analysis and analysis of year-to-year changes in net interest income in item 8 of this report.
net interest income increased $613 million, or 7%, in 2018 compared with 2017 due to higher loan and securities yields and balances partially offset by increases in deposit and borrowing costs. net interest margin increased in the comparison reflecting the impact of higher interest rates.
average investment securities increased $3.7 billion, or 5%, reflecting net purchases of agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $4.0 billion and u.s. treasury and government agency securities of $3.3 billion, partially offset by declines of $1.1 billion in both commercial mortgage-backed securities and other securities. average investment securities increased to 24% of average interest-earning assets in 2018 compared to 23% in 2017.
average loans grew $6.0 billion, or 3%, driven by an increase in average commercial lending of $5.2 billion reflecting strong growth in our corporate banking, business credit and equipment finance businesses in our corporate & institutional banking segment.
average consumer lending increased $.8 billion in 2018 compared to 2017 as growth in residential real estate, automobile and credit card loans was partially offset by declines in home equity and education loans. lower home equity loans reflected paydowns and payoffs exceeding new originated volume. in addition, run-off in the non-strategic consumer loan portfolios of brokered home equity and government guaranteed education loans contributed to the declines. average loans represented 68% of average interest-earning assets in 2018 compared to 67% in 2017.
average interest-bearing deposits grew $6.9 billion, or 4%, reflecting overall deposit and customer growth. the increase also reflected a shift from noninterest-bearing deposits, which declined $2.3 billion, or 3%, to interest-bearing deposits as deposit rates have risen. within average interest-bearing deposits, average savings deposits increased $9.2 billion, due in part to a shift to relationship-based savings products from money market deposits, which decreased $6.0 billion. additionally, average interest-bearing demand deposits grew $3.6 billion. average interest-bearing deposits remained stable at 76% of average interest-bearing liabilities in 2018 and 2017.
further details regarding average loans and deposits are included in the business segments review section of this item 7.
average borrowed funds increased $2.4 billion, or 4%, primarily due to higher bank notes and senior debt of $2.3 billion and federal home loan bank borrowings of $1.1 billion, partially offset by a decline in subordinated debt of $1.0 billion. see the consolidated balance sheet review portion of this item 7 for additional detail on the level and composition of borrowed funds.
service charges on deposits         714             695            19         3    %
asset management revenue decreased in the comparison reflecting a $254 million fourth quarter 2017 flow through impact of federal tax legislation on our equity investment in blackrock. this decline was partially offset by higher earnings from our equity investment in blackrock which benefited from the lower federal statutory income tax rate and by stronger average equity markets during 2018. pnc's discretionary client assets under management decreased to $148 billion at december 31, 2018 compared with $151 billion at december 31, 2017 primarily due to lower equity markets as of december 31, 2018.
consumer service fees increased in the comparison primarily due to growth in debit card fees and credit card fees, net of rewards, which increased $32 million and $23 million, respectively, reflecting higher transaction volume and customer growth. brokerage revenue increased $38 million resulting from growth in average brokerage assets under management.
corporate service fees were higher primarily driven by growth in treasury management product revenue of $70 million and higher merger and acquisition advisory fees of $42 million. these increases were partially offset by a decline in revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities driven by a $27 million lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge.
residential mortgage revenue declined due to lower loan sales revenue of $61 million driven by lower gain on sales margins as a result of increased competition, a shift in product mix to purchases from refinancing and lower loan origination volume. this decrease was partially offset by negative residential mortgage servicing rights valuation adjustments, net of economic hedge, of $30 million in 2017, which included a negative adjustment of $71 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 for residential mortgage servicing rights fair value assumption updates. the valuation adjustment benefit in 2018 was insignificant.
service charges on deposits increased reflecting higher consumer transaction volumes and product enhancements.
other noninterest income increased in the comparison largely attributable to the impact of negative derivative fair value adjustments related to visa class b common shares of $280 million in 2017, including $248 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily related to the extension of anticipated timing of litigation resolution, compared with positive adjustments of $35 million in 2018.
these increases were partially offset by the impact of a fourth quarter 2017 benefit of $119 million for appreciation in value of blackrock common stock used to fund pnc's fourth quarter 2017 contribution to the pnc foundation. in addition, the comparison reflected a $28 million decline in revenue from equity investments, which included the impact of first quarter 2017 positive valuation adjustments related to the volcker rule provisions of the dodd-frank act.
in the first quarter of 2018, and in connection with the commercial and vendor finance business we acquired in 2017, we reclassified operating lease income in other noninterest income of $121 million in 2017 and $85 million in 2016 to corporate services noninterest income on the consolidated income statement. operating lease income was $130 million in 2018.
other noninterest income typically fluctuates from period to period depending on the nature and magnitude of transactions completed. further details regarding our customer-related trading activities are included in the market risk management - customer-related trading risk portion of the risk management section of this item 7. further details regarding private and other equity investments are included in the market risk management - equity and other investment risk section, and further details regarding gains or losses related to our equity investment in blackrock are included in the business segments review section of this item 7.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was $408 million in 2018 compared to $441 million in 2017, reflecting a lower provision for commercial loans, partially offset by a higher provision for consumer loans.
the credit risk management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 includes additional information regarding factors impacting the provision for credit losses.
noninterest expense decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 as ongoing business investments, including technology and staffing, and higher levels of business activity were more than offset by the $502 million impact of certain fourth quarter 2017 items described in the next paragraph.
higher personnel expense reflected higher staffing levels, an increase in the minimum hourly pay rate for eligible employees, enhanced employee benefits and higher variable compensation related to revenue growth, partially offset by the fourth quarter 2017 impact of $105 million for employee cash payments and pension account credits. marketing expense was higher in support of business expansion. the decline in other noninterest expense reflected the fourth quarter 2017 impact of a $200 million contribution of blackrock common stock to the pnc foundation. additionally, fourth quarter 2017 included $197 million of charges for real estate dispositions and exits, which were primarily within other noninterest expense.
effective income tax rate the effective income tax rate was 16.8% for 2018 compared with 1.9% for 2017. in the fourth quarter of 2017, an income tax benefit of $1.2 billion was recognized as a result of federal tax legislation and was primarily attributable to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory tax rate of 21%, which became effective january 1, 2018. for additional information on our accounting related to the new federal tax legislation, see note 17 income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
the effective tax rate is generally lower than the statutory rate primarily due to tax credits we receive from our investments in low income housing and new markets investments, as well as earnings on other tax exempt investments.
additional information regarding our effective tax rate is included in the reconciliation of statutory and effective tax rates table in note 17 income taxes in item 8 of this report.
assets interest-earning deposits with banks         $10,893                 $28,595              $(17,702   )   (62   )%
investment securities                         82,701                  76,131                 6,570         9   %
liabilities deposits                                    $267,839                $265,053                $2,786         1   %
total liabilities                            334,545                 333,183                 1,362         -
equity total shareholders' equity                    47,728                  47,513                   215         -
total equity                                  47,770                  47,585                   185         -
total liabilities and equity                $382,315                $380,768                $1,547         -
the summarized balance sheet data in table 4 is based upon our consolidated balance sheet in item 8 of this report.
our balance sheet at december 31, 2018 increased slightly compared to december 31, 2017 and we maintained strong capital and liquidity positions.
•   total assets increased as higher short-term investments, investment securities and loans were substantially offset by lower interest-earning deposits with banks.
•   total liabilities increased due to deposit growth, partially offset by lower borrowed funds.
•   total equity increased slightly as higher retained earnings was mostly offset by share repurchases and lower accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) largely related to net unrealized securities losses.
the following discussion provides additional information about the major components of our balance sheet. information regarding our capital and regulatory compliance is included in the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 and in note 18 regulatory matters in our notes to consolidated financial statements included in this report.
consumer lending home equity                        26,123              28,364          (2,241   )    (8   )%
credit card                         6,357               5,699             658        12    %
commercial lending increased driven by growth in our corporate banking and business credit businesses partially offset by lower loan balances in the real estate business within our corporate & institutional banking segment. in corporate banking, commercial loan growth in asset-backed finance securitizations as well as increased lending to large and midsized corporate clients was partially offset by lower public finance lending. growth in business credit was driven by higher utilization and new originations. balances in the real estate business declined due to project loan payoffs, partially offset by higher commercial mortgage balances.
for commercial loans by industry and commercial real estate loans by geography and property type, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
consumer lending balances increased as growth in automobile loans, residential real estate loans and credit card balances were partially offset by lower home equity and education loans.
the growth in automobile loans was primarily due to higher indirect auto loans including continued new loan growth in the southeast markets and expansion to franchised dealers in new markets. residential real estate loans increased primarily as a result of originations of nonconforming loans, which are loans that do not meet government agency standards as a result of exceeding agency conforming loan limits. credit card balances increased as we continued to focus on our long-term objective of deepening penetration within our existing customer base.
home equity loans declined as paydowns and payoffs exceeded new originated volume.  in addition, the declines in both home equity and education loans included the continued runoff in our non-strategic brokered home equity and government guaranteed education loan portfolios.
for information on home equity and residential real estate loans, including by geography and lien priority, and automobile loans, see loan portfolio characteristics and analysis in the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7.
for additional information regarding our loan portfolio, see the credit risk management portion of the risk management section in this item 7 and note 1 accounting policies, note 3 asset quality and note 4 allowance for loan and lease losses in our notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
investment securities investment securities of $82.7 billion at december 31, 2018 increased $6.6 billion compared to december 31, 2017, driven by net purchases of agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $4.8 billion and u.s. treasury and government agencies securities of $3.6 billion. these increases were partially offset by the reclassification of $.6 billion of available for sale securities, primarily money market funds, to equity investments as part of the adoption of asu 2016-01. see the recently adopted accounting standards portion of note 1 accounting policies in item 8 of this report for additional detail on the adoption of this asu.
the level and composition of the investment securities portfolio fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan and deposit growth, and balance sheet management activities. we manage our investment securities portfolio to optimize returns, while providing a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering lcr and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
table 6: investment securities december 31, 2018                                  december 31, 2017                                                                         ratings (a)
total investment securities (f)                     $82,826                 $82,408                    $75,725                 $76,183                95   %       1   %         1   %                 2   %              1   %
(c)   collateralized primarily by corporate debt, government guaranteed education loans and other consumer credit products.
(d)   includes state and municipal securities.
(e)   on january 1, 2018, $.6 billion of available for sale securities, primarily money market funds, were reclassified to equity investments in accordance with the adoption of asu 2016-01. see the recently adopted accounting standards portion of note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional detail.
(f)   includes available for sale and held to maturity securities, which are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value and amortized cost, respectively.
40    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k table 6 presents the distribution of our total investment securities portfolio by amortized cost and fair value, as well as by credit rating. the relationship of fair value to amortized cost at december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017 primarily reflected the impact of higher interest rates on the valuation of fixed rate securities. we have included credit ratings information because we believe that the information is an indicator of the degree of credit risk to which we are exposed, which could affect our risk-weighted assets and, therefore, our risk-based regulatory capital ratios under the regulatory capital rules. changes in credit ratings classifications could indicate increased or decreased credit risk and could be accompanied by a reduction or increase in the fair value of our investment securities portfolio.
the duration of investment securities was 3.4 years at december 31, 2018. we estimate that at december 31, 2018 the effective duration of investment securities was 3.5 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel increase in interest rates and 3.2 years for an immediate 50 basis points parallel decrease in interest rates. comparable amounts at december 31, 2017 for the effective duration of investment securities were 3.4 years and 3.0 years, respectively.
based on expected prepayment speeds, the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio (excluding other) was 5.3 years at december 31, 2018 compared to 5.2 years at december 31, 2017.
table 7: weighted-average expected maturities of mortgage and asset-backed debt securities december 31, 2018                        years agency residential mortgage-backed         6.3
additional information regarding our investment securities is included in note 5 investment securities and note 6 fair value in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this report.
deposits noninterest-bearing                              $73,960             $79,864         $(5,904   )    (7   )%
time deposits                                     18,507              17,261           1,246         7   %
total interest-bearing deposits                  193,879             185,189           8,690         5   %
total deposits                                   267,839             265,053           2,786         1   %
total deposits increased in 2018 over 2017 as growth in interest-bearing deposits was partially offset by a decline in noninterest-bearing deposits. noninterest-bearing deposits decreased mainly due to the impact of rising interest rates, reflecting a shift of primarily commercial noninterest-bearing deposits to interest-bearing. the increase in interest-bearing deposits was driven by growth in savings deposits reflecting, in part, a shift from consumer money market to relationship-based savings products.
borrowed funds decreased in the comparison as a decline in bank notes and senior debt was partially offset by increases in subordinated debt and fhlb borrowings. the level and composition of borrowed funds fluctuates over time based on many factors including market conditions, loan, investment securities and deposit growth and capital considerations. we manage our borrowed the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k  41
funds to provide a reliable source of liquidity for our banking and other activities, considering lcr and other internal and external guidelines and constraints.
see the liquidity and capital management portion of the risk management section of this item 7 for additional information regarding our 2018 liquidity and capital activities.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity was $47.7 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of $.2 billion compared to december 31, 2017. higher retained earnings, which reflected net income of $5.3 billion reduced by $1.8 billion of common and preferred dividends, was partially offset by common share repurchases of $2.8 billion and lower aoci of $.6 billion primarily due to net unrealized securities losses.
common shares outstanding were 457 million at december 31, 2018 and 473 million at december 31, 2017 as repurchases of 19.9 million shares during 2018 were partially offset by share issuances from treasury stock related to warrants exercised and stock-based compensation activity.
•   corporate &amp; institutional banking
•   blackrock business segment results and a description of each business are included in note 22 segment reporting included in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. certain amounts included in this business segments review differ from those amounts shown in note 22, primarily due to the presentation in this item 7 of business net interest revenue on a taxable-equivalent basis. note 22 presents results of businesses for 2018, 2017 and 2016.
net interest income in business segment results reflects our internal funds transfer pricing methodology. assets receive a funding charge and liabilities and capital receive a funding credit based on a transfer pricing methodology that incorporates product repricing characteristics, tenor and other factors.
total business segment financial results differ from total consolidated net income. the impact of these differences is reflected in the "other" category as shown in table 99 in note 22 segment reporting in item 8 of this report. "other" includes residual activities that do not meet the criteria for disclosure as a separate reportable business, such as asset and liability management activities including net securities gains or losses, other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities, certain trading activities, certain non-strategic runoff consumer loan portfolios, private equity investments, intercompany eliminations, certain corporate overhead, tax adjustments that are not allocated to business segments, gains or losses related to blackrock transactions, integration costs, exited businesses, and differences between business segment performance reporting and financial statement reporting (gaap), including the presentation of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests as the segments' results exclude their portion of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
in the fourth quarter of 2018, we updated our internal management reporting processes relating to our segment reporting disclosures. certain expenses that were previously recorded within "other" were reclassified to our reportable segments. these expenses largely related to items that were previously considered corporate expenses, but were either closely aligned to processes and revenue functions within our business segments or were an allocation of expenses that the business segment would have incurred if it operated on a standalone basis. these reclassifications were retrospectively applied to the periods presented in this business segments review and in note 22 segment reporting in item 8 of this report. additionally, certain fourth quarter 2017 net income tax benefits that were previously reported in "other" in the fourth quarter of 2017 were reclassified within that period, in order to align the accounting of certain tax positions with the business segments that recorded the underlying activity.
42    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k retail banking retail banking's core strategy is to acquire and retain customers who maintain their primary checking and transaction relationships with us. we seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, investment and retirement solutions. a strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience and drive transformation and automation. a key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. in addition, we have a disciplined process to continually improve the engagement of both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention and relationship expansion. in 2018, we launched our national retail digital strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and an ultra-thin branch network in markets outside of our retail branch network.
(unaudited)
provision for credit losses                     373                   347                  26             7    %
loans consumer home equity                                 $23,991               $25,278             $(1,287   )        (5   )%
credit cards                                  5,838                 5,248                 590            11    %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                  $30,670               $29,788                $882             3    %
certificates of deposit                      12,007                13,135              (1,128   )        (9   )%
total deposits                             $161,536              $159,275              $2,261             1    %
service charges on deposits                                                         $688                $668           $20                 3   %
serviced portfolio acquisitions                                                      $12                 $19           $(7       )       (37   )%
msr capitalization value (in basis points) (b)                                       100                  92                 8             9   %
non-teller deposit transactions (e)                                                   55   %              53   %
digital consumer customers (f)                                                        66   %              62   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets (g)                                                          $1,126              $1,129           $(3       )         -
(d)   mortgages with borrowers as part of residential real estate purchase transactions.
(e)   percentage of total consumer and business banking deposit transactions processed at an atm or through our mobile banking application.
(f)   represents consumer checking relationships that process the majority of their transactions through non-teller channels.
(h)   excludes stand-alone mortgage offices and satellite offices (e.g., drive-ups, electronic branches and retirement centers) that provide limited products and/or services.
retail banking earned $1.1 billion in 2018 compared with $447 million in 2017. the increase in earnings was driven by higher net interest income and noninterest income, partially offset by increases in noninterest expense and provision for credit losses. earnings in 2018 also benefited from the lower statutory federal income tax rate.
net interest income increased primarily due to wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits.
the increase in noninterest income was largely attributable to the impact of negative derivative fair value adjustments related to visa class b common shares of $280 million in 2017, including $248 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily related to the extension of anticipated timing of litigation resolution, compared with positive fair value adjustments of $35 million in 2018. higher noninterest income also reflected growth in consumer service fees, including higher debit and credit card fees, as well as higher brokerage fees and service charges on deposits.
44    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k these increases in noninterest income were partially offset by lower residential mortgage noninterest income, reflecting a decline in loan sales revenue, as well as lower servicing revenue. the decline in loan sales revenue reflected lower gain on sales margins as a result of increased competition, a shift in product mix to purchases from refinancing, and lower loan origination volume. the comparison also included a benefit in 2018 from residential mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge, compared with a negative valuation adjustment in 2017, which included a fourth quarter 2017 negative adjustment of $71 million for residential mortgage servicing rights fair value assumption updates.
provision for credit losses increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to portfolio growth in credit card and unsecured installment loans partially offset by declines in the home equity portfolio.
higher noninterest expense primarily resulted from increases in personnel expense, non-credit losses, continued investments in technology, risk and compliance expense, and marketing activity. higher personnel expense included an increase in the minimum hourly pay rate for eligible employees.
the deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to pnc. during 2018, average total deposits increased compared to 2017, as both interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased. savings deposits grew, reflecting, in part, a shift from money market deposits to relationship-based savings products. certificates of deposit declined due to the net runoff of maturing accounts.
retail banking average total loans grew in 2018 compared with 2017:
•   average credit card balances increased as we continued to focus on our long-term objective of deepening penetration within our existing customer base.
•   average home equity loans decreased as paydowns and payoffs on loans exceeded new originated volume.
retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. we are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking and investment products. in 2018, retail banking launched its national retail digital strategy by offering a high yield savings account in markets outside of our existing retail branch network and opened a retail location in kansas city.
retail banking continued to focus on its strategy of transforming the customer experience through transaction migration, branch network and home lending transformations, and multi-channel engagement and service strategies.
•   approximately 66% of consumer customers used non-teller channels for the majority of their transactions in 2018 compared with 62% in 2017.
•   deposit transactions via atm and mobile channels increased to 55% of total deposit transactions from 53% in 2017.
retail banking continued to make progress on its multi-year initiative to redesign the home lending process by integrating mortgage and home equity lending into a common platform to enhance product capability and improve speed of delivery and convenience. we implemented a new mortgage origination system in 2017 and converted home equity loans to the new servicing platform in 2018. both residential mortgage and home equity loans are now serviced on a single platform.
corporate & institutional banking corporate & institutional banking's strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. we aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. we continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive.
table 10: corporate & institutional banking table
(unaudited)
provision for credit losses                                                          85                   160                 (75   )       (47   )%
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                                      $44,099               $47,264             $(3,165   )        (7   )%
total deposits                                                                  $88,409               $86,117              $2,292             3   %
capital markets (b)                                                              $1,088                $1,017                 $71             7   %
commercial mortgage banking activities:
business credit                                                                  17,411                15,804               1,607            10   %
credit-related statistics nonperforming assets (f) (g)                                                       $377                  $531               $(154   )       (29   )%
(a)   represents consolidated amounts. see the additional revenue discussion regarding treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities in the product revenue section of this corporate &amp; institutional banking section.
(c)   includes other noninterest income for valuations on commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related commitments, derivative valuations, originations fees, gains on sale of loans held for sale and net interest income on loans held for sale.
corporate & institutional banking earned $2.5 billion in 2018 compared to $2.4 billion in 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher revenue and lower provision for credit losses, mostly offset by higher noninterest expense and income tax expense, as the 2018 impact of a lower statutory rate was more than offset by a 2017 benefit from federal tax legislation.
net interest income increased in the comparison, primarily due to wider interest rate spreads on the value of deposits, as well as higher average loan and deposit balances, partially offset by narrower interest rate spreads on the value of loans.
growth in noninterest income in the comparison was primarily driven by higher treasury management product revenue and higher capital markets-related revenue, including higher merger and acquisition advisory fees and revenue from customer-related derivative and foreign exchange services. higher gains on asset sales also contributed to noninterest income growth in 2018. these increases were partially offset by a lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge, and decreased revenue from credit valuations on customer-related derivative activities.
credit quality for 2018 was strong as nonperforming assets and net charge-offs declined compared with 2017. the decrease in provision for credit losses in the comparison reflected improved credit quality.
noninterest expense increased in the comparison largely due to investments in strategic initiatives and variable costs associated with increased business activity.
average loans increased compared with 2017 due to strong growth in corporate banking, business credit and equipment finance:
•   corporate banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to midsized and large corporations and government and not-for-profit entities. average loans for this business grew in the comparison reflecting strong production in asset-backed financing as well as increased lending to large and midsized corporate clients, partially offset by lower public finance lending.
•   pnc business credit provides asset-based lending. the loan portfolio is relatively high yielding, with acceptable risk as the loans are mainly secured by short-term assets. average loans for this business grew in the comparison as increased utilization and new originations were partially offset by payoffs.
•   pnc equipment finance provides equipment financing solutions for clients throughout the u.s. and canada. average loans, including commercial loans and finance leases, and operating leases totaled $15.5 billion in 2018, an increase of $1.2 billion compared with 2017 due to strong new production and the impact of the business acquired in the second quarter of 2017.
•   commercial banking provides lending, treasury management and capital markets-related products and services to smaller corporations and businesses. average loans for this business were relatively unchanged.
the deposit strategy of corporate & institutional banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances over time, executing on customer and segment-specific deposit growth strategies and continuing to provide funding and liquidity to pnc. in 2018, average total deposits increased compared to 2017 driven by growth in interest-bearing deposits reflecting, in part, a shift from noninterest-bearing deposits in the rising rate environment.  we continue to monitor and balance the relationship between increases to rates paid and the overall profitability of our deposit balances.
corporate & institutional banking expanded its corporate banking business, focused on the middle market and larger sectors, into the denver, houston and nashville markets in 2018. this followed offices opened in 2017 in dallas, kansas city and minneapolis. these locations complement corporate & institutional banking national businesses with a significant presence in these cities, and build on past successes in the markets where pnc's retail banking presence was limited, such as in the southeast. our full suite of commercial products and services is offered in these locations. we have announced plans to expand into the boston and phoenix markets in 2019.
product revenue in addition to credit and deposit products for commercial customers, corporate & institutional banking offers other services, including treasury management, capital markets-related products and services, and commercial mortgage banking activities, for the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k  47
customers of all business segments. on a consolidated basis, the revenue from these other services is included in net interest income, corporate service fees and other noninterest income. from a business segment perspective, the majority of the revenue and expense related to these services is reflected in the corporate & institutional banking segment results and the remainder is reflected in the results of other businesses. the other information section in table 10 includes the consolidated revenue to pnc for these services. a discussion of the consolidated revenue from these services follows.
the treasury management business provides payables, receivables, deposit and account services, liquidity and investments, and online and mobile banking products and services to our clients. treasury management revenue is reported in noninterest income and net interest income. noninterest income includes treasury management product revenue less earnings credits provided to customers on compensating deposit balances used to pay for products and services. net interest income primarily includes revenue from all treasury management customer deposit balances. compared with 2017, treasury management revenue increased primarily due to interest rate spread expansion on deposit balances and higher product revenue.
capital markets-related products and services include foreign exchange, derivatives, securities underwriting, loan syndications, mergers and acquisitions advisory and equity capital markets advisory related services. the increase in revenue in the comparison was broad based across most products and services and included higher merger and acquisition advisory, derivative, foreign exchange and equity capital markets advisory related services, partially offset by lower revenue from credit valuations on customer-related derivative activities.
commercial mortgage banking activities include revenue derived from commercial mortgage servicing (including net interest income and noninterest income) and revenue derived from commercial mortgage loans held for sale and related hedges. total revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities decreased in the comparison as a lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge, and lower revenue from commercial mortgage loans held for sale were partially offset by higher revenue from commercial mortgage loan servicing.
48    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k asset management group asset management group is focused on being a premier bank-held individual and institutional asset manager in each of the markets it serves. the business seeks to deliver high quality banking, trust and investment management services to our high net worth, ultra high net worth and institutional client sectors through a broad array of products and services. asset management group's priorities are to serve our clients' financial objectives, grow and deepen customer relationships and deliver solid financial performance with prudent risk and expense management.
(unaudited)
provision for credit losses                                        2                   1                 1           100   %
deposits noninterest-bearing demand                                    $1,458              $1,528              $(70   )        (5   )%
total deposits                                               $12,390             $12,511             $(121   )        (1   )%
institutional                                                     61                  57                 4             7   %
asset management group earned $202 million in 2018 compared with $187 million in 2017. higher earnings reflected the lower statutory federal income tax rate and higher revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
higher revenue in the comparison was driven by growth in asset management fees, reflecting stronger average equity markets, partially offset by changes in asset mix.
asset management group's discretionary client assets under management decreased in the comparison, primarily attributable to a decline in the equity markets as of december 31, 2018 compared to the prior year-end.
the asset management group strives to be the leading relationship-based provider of investment, planning, banking and fiduciary services to wealthy individuals and institutions by proactively delivering value-added ideas and solutions and exceptional service.
wealth management and hawthorn have nearly 100 offices operating in seven out of the ten most affluent states in the u.s. with a majority co-located with retail banking branches. the businesses provide customized investments, wealth planning, trust and estate administration and private banking solutions to affluent individuals and ultra-affluent families.
institutional asset management provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, private real estate, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement administration services to institutional clients such as corporations, healthcare systems, insurance companies, unions, municipalities and non-profits. the business also offers pnc proprietary mutual funds and investment strategies. institutional asset management is strengthening its partnership with corporate & institutional banking to drive growth and is focused on building retirement capabilities and expanding product solutions for all customers.
(unaudited)
information related to our equity investment in blackrock follows:
(c)   we account for our investment in blackrock under the equity method of accounting, exclusive of a related deferred tax liability of $1.7 billion at december 31, 2018 and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2017. our voting interest in blackrock common stock was approximately 22% at december 31, 2018.
(d)   does not include liquidity discount.
earnings for our blackrock segment decreased compared with 2017, reflecting the 2017 income tax benefit of $972 million resulting from the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities related to blackrock as a result of the new federal tax legislation. our share of blackrock's reported 2017 gaap earnings also included a $254 million flow through impact of the new tax legislation on the income recognized on our equity investment in blackrock.
in addition to our investment in blackrock reflected in table 12, at december 31, 2018, we held approximately 143,458 shares of blackrock series c preferred stock valued at $45 million, which were available to fund our obligation in connection with certain blackrock long-term incentive plan (ltip) programs. additional information regarding the valuation of the blackrock series c preferred stock is included in note 6 fair value, and additional information regarding our blackrock ltip share obligations is included in note 12 stock based compensation plans, both of which are in item 8 of this report.
see note 24 subsequent events in item 8 of this report for information on our january 31, 2019 transfer of our remaining shares of series c preferred stock to blackrock to satisfy our obligation under the share surrender agreement.
consolidated income statement review summary results net income for 2017 was $5.4 billion, or $10.36 per diluted common share, an increase of 35% compared with $4.0 billion, or $7.30 per diluted common share, for 2016. higher net income was driven by an 8% increase in total revenue and a tax benefit from the new federal tax legislation, partially offset by a 10% increase in noninterest expense.
net interest income net interest income increased $717 million, or 9%, to $9.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 due to increases in loan and securities balances and yields, partially offset by an increase in borrowing and deposit costs. net interest margin increased to 2.87% in 2017 compared to 2.73% in 2016, reflecting the benefit to loans and securities yields from higher interest rates in 2017.
asset management revenue increased $421 million, or 28%, to $1.9 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 reflecting higher earnings from our equity investment in blackrock, including a $254 million flow through impact from the new federal tax legislation on our equity investment. additionally, the impact of stronger equity markets contributed to the increase. discretionary client assets under management in our asset management group segment were $151 billion at december 31, 2017 compared with $137 billion at december 31, 2016, primarily attributable to higher equity markets.
consumer service fees of $1.4 billion in 2017 grew $27 million, or 2%, compared to 2016, primarily due to a $25 million increase in credit card fees, net of rewards, and debit card fees, which reflected continued momentum in customer activity in both transaction trends and customer growth. in addition, brokerage fees increased $17 million, driven by higher brokerage assets under management. these increases were partially offset by individually insignificant items.
corporate services revenue increased $153 million, or 10%, to $1.7 billion in 2017 compared to 2016, reflecting broad based growth, including higher merger and acquisition (m&a) advisory fees of $65 million and an increase in loan syndication and agency fees of $28 million, both of which reflected continued momentum in the m&a market. higher treasury management revenue and operating lease income related to the commercial and vendor finance business acquired in the second quarter of 2017 also contributed to the increase in corporate services revenue.
in the first quarter of 2018, and in connection with the commercial and vendor finance business we acquired in the second quarter of 2017, we reclassified operating lease income to corporate services noninterest income from other noninterest income on the consolidated income statement. operating lease income was $121 million in 2017 and $85 million in 2016.
residential mortgage revenue decreased $217 million, or 38%, to $.4 billion in 2017 compared to 2016, reflecting a decline of $122 million in residential mortgage servicing rights valuation, net of economic hedge, which included a $71 million negative adjustment for mortgage servicing rights fair value assumption updates in the fourth quarter of 2017. in addition, the decrease reflected lower loan sales revenue of $85 million, which was driven by lower origination volume and compressed pricing margins.
service charges on deposits of $.7 billion in 2017 increased $28 million, or 4%, compared to 2016, reflecting higher levels of activity.
other noninterest income increased $38 million, or 4%, to $1.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher revenue from private equity investments of $172 million and $119 million for the appreciation of blackrock common stock used to fund pnc's fourth quarter 2017 contribution to the pnc foundation. the increase in revenue from private equity investments reflected positive impacts from valuation adjustments on equity investments subject to the volcker rule provision of dodd-frank. these increases were largely offset by negative derivative fair value adjustments related to visa class b common shares of $280 million in 2017, including $248 million in the fourth quarter primarily related to the extension of anticipated timing of litigation resolution. in 2016, gains on sales of visa class b common shares, net of derivative fair value adjustments, were $32 million.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses increased to $441 million in 2017 compared to $433 million in 2016. the provision for 2017 reflected loan growth, including an initial provision for the loan and lease portfolio obtained through the business acquired in the second quarter of 2017, mostly offset by lower provisions in the oil, gas and coal sectors.
noninterest expense noninterest expense increased by $922 million, or 10%, to $10.4 billion in 2017 compared to 2016, reflecting higher levels of business activity and ongoing investments in technology and business infrastructure. higher personnel expense included the fourth quarter 2017 announcement of employee cash payments and pension account credits totaling $105 million. in addition, charges for the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k  51
real estate dispositions and exits totaled $197 million for the fourth quarter of 2017, primarily within other noninterest expense. additionally, other noninterest expense for 2017 included the fourth quarter $200 million contribution of blackrock common stock to the pnc foundation. contributions to the pnc foundation in 2016 were $75 million.
during 2017, we completed actions and achieved our 2017 continuous improvement program savings goal of $350 million, which funded a significant portion of our business and technology investments, including our retail branch strategy, enhanced digital capabilities and our home lending transformation.
effective income tax rate an income tax benefit of $1.2 billion was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the change in tax legislation and was primarily attributable to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities at the lower statutory tax rate of 21%. as a result, the effective income tax rate for 2017 was 1.9% compared with 24.1% for 2016.
consolidated balance sheet review summary results our balance sheet grew in 2017 compared to 2016 and we had strong liquidity and capital positions. total assets increased to $380.8 billion at december 31, 2017 compared to $366.4 billion at december 31, 2016 primarily due to strong loan growth and higher interest-earning deposits with banks. total liabilities increased to $333.2 billion at december 31, 2017 compared to $319.5 billion at december 31, 2016 due to deposit growth and higher borrowed funds. total equity increased to $47.6 billion at december 31, 2017 compared to $46.9 at december 31, 2016 due to higher retained earnings driven by net income, partially offset by common share repurchases and a decline in noncontrolling interests related to the redemption of perpetual trust securities in the first quarter of 2017.
loans loans increased $9.6 billion, or 5%, to $220.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 compared with december 31, 2016, reflecting higher commercial lending and consumer lending.
commercial lending increased $9.5 billion, or 7%, reflecting broad based growth across our lending businesses, including corporate banking, business credit and equipment finance within our corporate & institutional banking segment. in corporate banking, loan growth was largely due to increased lending related to mergers and acquisition activity and strong growth in middle market lending. in business credit, new originations and higher utilization drove the increase. in the equipment finance business, commercial loans and equipment lease financing loans increased as a result of new production, as well as the acquisition of a commercial and vendor finance business with $1.0 billion of loans and leases during the second quarter of 2017.
growth in consumer lending balances of $.1 billion was driven by higher residential real estate, automobile and credit card loans, partially offset by lower home equity and education loans. residential real estate loans increased as a result of growth in originations of nonconforming residential mortgage loans, both nationwide and within our branch network. automobile loans grew in part due to continued expansion in our southeast markets. higher credit card balances reflected an increase in new accounts, due in part to the introduction of a new credit card product, as well as higher purchase volume. decreases in home equity and education loans included the continued runoff in our non-strategic brokered home equity and government guaranteed education loan portfolios. the decline in home equity also reflected decreases due to paydowns and payoffs exceeding new originated volume.
investment securities investment securities increased $.2 billion to $76.1 billion at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016. growth in investment securities was driven by net purchases of agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $2.7 billion and u.s. treasury and government agencies securities of $1.6 billion, partially offset by declines in commercial mortgage-backed securities of $2.2 billion, asset-backed securities of $.9 billion and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $.6 billion.
average investment securities increased $3.0 billion, or 4%, to $75.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016. net purchases of u.s. treasury and government agencies securities of $2.9 billion and agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $2.8 billion were partially offset by declines in average commercial mortgage-backed securities of $1.6 billion and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities of $.8 billion.
the weighted-average expected maturity of the investment securities portfolio (excluding other) was 5.2 years at december 31, 2017 and 5.0 years at december 31, 2016.
funding sources deposits increased $7.9 billion, or 3%, to $265.1 billion at december 31, 2017 compared with december 31, 2016. savings deposits grew $10.0 billion reflecting, in part, a shift from consumer money market to relationship-based savings products. money market deposits declined $4.2 billion due to the shift to savings products, which was partially offset by growth of $3.5 billion in commercial
52    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k interest-bearing money market deposits. interest-bearing demand deposits increased $2.7 billion, reflecting growth in consumer deposits of $1.7 billion and higher commercial deposits of $1.0 billion.
average total deposits increased $7.2 billion, or 3%, to $258.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in average interest-bearing deposits of $6.7 billion, or 4%, driven by higher average savings deposits of $13.1 billion. this increase reflected a shift, in part, to relationship-based savings products from money market deposits, which decreased $9.2 billion. additionally, average interest-bearing demand deposits grew $4.3 billion, mainly attributable to the higher interest rate environment and customer growth. average noninterest-bearing deposits increased $.5 billion in 2017 over 2016.
total borrowed funds increased $6.4 billion, or 12%, to $59.1 billion at december 31, 2017 compared with december 31, 2016 as higher bank notes and senior debt and fhlb borrowings were driven by new issuances outpacing maturities and calls. these increases were partially offset by subordinated debt maturities.
shareholders' equity total shareholders' equity grew $1.8 billion, or 4%, to $47.5 billion at december 31, 2017 compared with december 31, 2016. higher retained earnings, which reflected net income of $5.4 billion reduced by $1.5 billion of common and preferred dividends, was partially offset by common share repurchases of $2.3 billion. common shares outstanding were 473 million and 485 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively, reflecting repurchases of 18.6 million shares during 2017, which were partially offset by share issuances from treasury stock related to warrants exercised and stock-based compensation activity.
risk management enterprise risk management we encounter risk as part of the normal course of operating our business. accordingly, we design risk management processes to help manage this risk. we manage risk in light of our risk appetite to optimize long-term shareholder value while supporting our employees, customers and communities.
our enterprise risk management (erm) framework is structurally aligned with enhanced prudential standards that establish minimum requirements for the design and implementation of a risk management framework. this risk management section describes our erm framework which consists of risk culture, enterprise strategy (including risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing), risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting. the overall risk management section of this item 7 also provides an analysis of our key areas of risk, which include but are not limited to credit, liquidity and capital, market, operational and compliance. our use of financial derivatives as part of our overall asset and liability risk management process is also addressed within this risk management section.
we operate within a rapidly evolving regulatory environment. accordingly, we are actively focused on the timely adoption of applicable regulatory pronouncements within our erm framework.
risk culture a strong risk culture helps us make well-informed decisions, ensures individuals conform to the established culture, reduces an individual's ability to do something for personal gain, and rewards employees working toward a common goal rather than individual interests. our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior. these protocols are especially critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior and risk management practices.
managing risk is every employee's responsibility. all of our employees individually and collectively assume responsibility for ensuring the organization is performing with the utmost integrity, is applying sound risk management practices and is striving to achieve our stated objectives rather than pursuing individual interests. all employees are responsible for understanding our enterprise risk appetite statement, the erm framework and how risk management applies to their respective roles and responsibilities. employees are encouraged to collaborate across groups to identify and mitigate risks and elevate issues as required. we reinforce risk management responsibilities through a performance management system where employee performance goals include risk management objectives and incentives for employees to reinforce balanced measures of risk-adjusted performance.
proactive communication, between groups and up to the board of directors, facilitates timely identification and resolution of risk issues. our multi-level risk committee structure provides formal channels to identify and report risk.
enterprise strategy we ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning and stress testing processes. these components are reviewed and approved at least annually by the board of directors.
risk appetite: our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans. the enterprise risk appetite statement qualitatively describes the aggregate level of risk we are willing to accept in order to execute our business strategies. qualitative guiding principles further define each of the risks within our taxonomy to support the risk appetite statement. risk appetite metrics and limits, including forward-looking metrics, quantitatively measure whether we are operating within our stated risk appetite. our risk appetite metrics reflect material risks, align with our established risk appetite framework, balance risk and reward, leverage analytics, and adjust in a timely manner to changes in the external and internal risk environments.
strategic planning: our enterprise and line of business strategic plans outline major objectives, strategies and goals which are expected to be achieved over the next five years while seeking to ensure we remain compliant with all capital, risk appetite and liquidity targets and guidelines. our ceo and cfo lead the development of the strategic plan, the strategic objectives and the comprehensive identification of material risks that could hinder successful implementation and execution of strategies. strategic planning is linked to our risk management and capital planning processes.
capital planning and stress testing: capital planning helps to ensure we are maintaining safe and sound operations and viability. the capital planning process and the resulting capital plan evolve as our overall risks, activities and risk management practices change. capital planning aligns with our strategic planning process.
stress testing is an essential element of the capital planning process. effective stress testing enables us to consider the estimated effect on capital of various hypothetical scenarios.
risk governance and framework we employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to help ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. risk committees established within this risk governance and oversight framework provide oversight for risk management activities at the board of directors, executive, corporate and business levels. committee composition is designed to provide effective oversight balanced across the three lines of defense in accordance with the occ's heightened risk management and governance standards and guidelines. see discussion of the enhanced prudential standards in the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report.
to ensure the appropriate risks are being taken and effectively managed and controlled, risk is managed across three lines of defense. the board of directors' and each line of defense's responsibilities are detailed below:
board of directors - the board of directors oversees our risk-taking activities and is responsible for exercising sound, independent judgment when assessing risk.
first line of defense - the front line units are accountable for identifying, owning and managing risks to within acceptable levels while adhering to the risk management framework established by the independent risk management department. our businesses strive to enhance risk management and internal control processes within their areas. integrated and comprehensive processes are designed to adequately identify, measure, manage, monitor and report risks which may significantly impact each business.
second line of defense - the second line of defense is independent from the first line of defense and is responsible for establishing the standards for identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and reporting aggregate risks. as the second line of defense, the
54    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k independent risk areas monitor the risks generated by the first line of defense, review and challenge the implementation of effective risk management practices, and report any issues or exceptions. the risk areas help to ensure the first line of defense is properly designed and operating as intended, and they may intervene directly in modifying and developing first line of defense risk processes and controls.
third line of defense - as the third line of defense, internal audit is independent from the first and second lines of defense. internal audit provides the board of directors and executive management comprehensive assurance on the effectiveness of risk management practices across the organization.
within the three lines of defense, the independent risk organization has sufficient authority to influence material decisions. our business oversight and decision-making is supported through a governance structure at the board of directors and management level. specific responsibilities include:
board of directors - our board of directors oversees our business and affairs as managed by our officers and employees. the board of directors may receive assistance in carrying out its duties and may delegate authority through the following standing committees:
•   audit committee: monitors the integrity of our consolidated financial statements; monitors internal control over financial reporting; monitors compliance with our code of ethics; evaluates and monitors the qualifications and independence of our independent auditors; and evaluates and monitors the performance of our internal audit function and our independent auditors.
•   nominating and governance committee: oversees the implementation of sound corporate governance principles and practices while promoting our best interests and those of our shareholders
•   personnel and compensation committee: oversees the compensation of our executive officers and other specified responsibilities related to personnel compensation matters affecting us. the committee is also responsible for evaluating the relationship between risk-taking activities and incentive compensation plans.
•   risk committee: oversees enterprise-wide risk structure and the processes established to identify, measure, monitor and manage the organization's risks and evaluates and approves our risk governance framework. the risk committee has formed a technology subcommittee and a compliance subcommittee to facilitate board-level oversight of risk management in these areas.
executive committee:  the executive committee is responsible for guiding the creation and execution of our business strategy across the company. with this responsibility, the executive committee executes various strategic approval and review activities, with a focus on capital deployment, business performance and risk management.
corporate committees - the corporate committees are responsible for overseeing risk standards and strategies, recommending risk limits, policies and metrics, monitoring risk exposures, reviewing risk profiles and key risk issues, and approving significant transactions and initiatives. we have established several senior management-level corporate committees to facilitate the review, evaluation and management of risk.
working committees - the working committees are generally subcommittees of the corporate committees. working committees are intended to assist in the implementation of key enterprise-level activities within a business or function; recommend and/or approve risk appetite metrics and limits; recommend and/or approve policies that are generally within the standards outlined in the applicable enterprise policy; and review and/or approve certain significant transactions or initiatives.
policies and procedures - we have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. these policies and procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant committees within the governance structure.
we have established risk management policies, programs and procedures to support our erm framework, articulate our risk culture, define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities and to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. these policies, programs and procedures are organized in a multi-tiered framework and require periodic review and approval by relevant committees within the governance structure.
risk identification risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization. these risk types consist of, but are not limited to, credit, liquidity and capital, market, operational and compliance. risks are identified based on a balanced use of analytical tools and management judgment for both on- and off-balance sheet exposures. our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. these risks are prioritized based on quantitative and qualitative analysis and assessed against the risk appetite. multiple tools and approaches are used to help identify and prioritize risks, including risk appetite metrics, key risk indicators, key performance indicators, risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, stress testing and special investigations.
risks are aggregated and assessed within and across risk functions or businesses. the aggregated risk information is reviewed and reported at an enterprise level for adherence to the risk appetite framework and approved by the board of directors or by appropriate committees. this enterprise aggregation and reporting approach promotes the identification and appropriate escalation of material risks across the organization and supports an understanding of the cumulative impact of risk in relation to our risk appetite.
risk assessment once risks are identified, they are evaluated based on quantitative and qualitative analysis to determine whether they are material. risk assessments support the overall management of an effective erm framework and allow us to control and monitor our actual risk level and risk management effectiveness through the use of risk measures. comprehensive, accurate and timely assessments of risk are essential to an effective erm framework. effective risk measurement practices will uncover recurring risks that have been experienced in the past; make the known risks easy to see, understand, compare and report; and reveal unanticipated risks that may not be easy to understand or predict.
risk controls and monitoring our erm framework consists of policies, processes, personnel and control systems. risk controls and limits provide the linkage from our risk appetite statement and associated guiding principles to the risk taking activities of our businesses. in addition to risk appetite limits, a system of more detailed internal controls exists which oversees and monitors our various processes and functions. these control systems measure performance, help employees make correct decisions, ensure information is accurate and reliable, and document compliance with laws and regulations.
our monitoring and evaluation of risks and controls provides assurance that policies, procedures and controls are effective and also results in the identification of control improvement recommendations. risk monitoring is a daily, ongoing process used by both the first and second line of defense to ensure compliance with our erm framework. risk monitoring is accomplished in many ways, including performing risk assessments at the prime process and risk assessment unit level, monitoring an area's key controls, the timely reporting of issues, and establishing a quality control and/or quality assurance function, as applicable.
risk aggregation and reporting risk reporting is a comprehensive way to: (i) aggregate risks; (ii) identify concentrations; (iii) help ensure we remain within our established risk appetite; (iv) serve as a basis for monitoring our risk profile in relation to our risk appetite and (v) communicate risks to the board of directors and executive management.
risk reports are produced at the line of business, functional risk and enterprise levels. the enterprise level risk report aggregates risks identified in the functional and business reports to define the enterprise risk profile. the enterprise risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of enterprise risk and represents our overall risk position in relation to the desired enterprise risk appetite. the determination of the enterprise risk profile is based on analysis of quantitative reporting of risk limits and other measures along with qualitative assessments. quarterly aggregation of our risk profile enables a clear view of our risk level relative to our quantitative risk appetite. the enterprise level report is provided through the governance structure to the board of directors.
each individual risk report includes an assessment of inherent risk, quality of risk management, residual risk, risk appetite and risk outlook. the enterprise level risk report includes an aggregate view of risks identified in the individual report and provides a summary of our overall risk profile compared to our risk appetite.
credit risk management credit risk represents the possibility that a customer, counterparty or issuer may not perform in accordance with contractual terms. credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from extending credit to customers, purchasing securities, and entering into financial derivative transactions and certain guarantee contracts. credit risk is one of our most significant risks. our processes for managing credit risk are embedded in our risk culture and in our decision-making processes using a systematic approach whereby credit risks and related exposures are identified and assessed, managed through specific policies and processes, measured and evaluated against our risk appetite and credit concentration limits, and reported, along with specific mitigation activities, to management and the board of directors through our governance structure. our most significant concentration of credit risk is in our loan portfolio.
56    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k loan portfolio characteristics and analysis table 13: details of loans dollars in billions we use several asset quality indicators, as further detailed in note 3 asset quality, to monitor and measure our exposure to credit risk within our loan portfolio. the following provides additional information about our significant loan classes.
commercial commercial loans comprised 52% and 50% of our total loan portfolio at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the majority of our commercial loans are secured by collateral that provides a secondary source of repayment for the loan should the borrower experience cash generation difficulties. examples of this collateral include short-term assets, such as accounts receivable, inventory and securities, and long-lived assets, such as equipment, real estate and other business assets.
we actively manage our commercial loans to assess any changes (both positive and negative) in the level of credit risk at both the borrower and portfolio level. to evaluate the level of credit risk, we assign internal risk ratings reflecting our estimates of the borrower's probability of default (pd) and loss given default (lgd) for each related credit facility. this two-dimensional credit risk rating methodology provides granularity in the risk monitoring process and is updated on an ongoing basis through our credit risk management processes. in addition to continual monitoring of the level of credit risk, we also monitor concentrations of credit risk pertaining to both specific industries and geography that may exist in our portfolio. our portfolio remains stable and well-diversified as shown in the following table which provides a breakout of our commercial loans by industry classification (classified based on the north american industry classification system (naics)).
we monitor credit risk associated with our commercial real estate loans similar to commercial loans by analyzing pd and lgd. additionally, risks associated with these types of credit activities tend to be correlated to the loan structure, collateral location, project progress and business environment. these attributes are also monitored and utilized in assessing credit risk. the portfolio is geographically diverse due to the nature of our business involving clients throughout the u.s. the following table presents our commercial real estate loans by geographic market and property type.
home equity home equity loans comprised $15.5 billion of primarily variable-rate home equity lines of credit and $10.6 billion of closed-end home equity installment loans at december 31, 2018. comparable amounts were $16.8 billion and $11.6 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2017.
we track borrower performance monthly, including obtaining original loan-to-value ratios (ltv), updated fico scores at least quarterly, updated ltvs at least semi-annually, and other credit metrics at least quarterly, including the historical performance of any related mortgage loans regardless of lien position that we do or do not hold. this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. for internal reporting and risk management we also segment the population into pools based on product type (e.g., home equity loans, brokered home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, brokered home equity lines of credit). as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon the loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv, lien position and geographic concentration.
the portfolio is primarily originated within markets located in the mid-atlantic, midwest, and southeast, with less than 5% of the portfolio in states outside of those markets as of december 31, 2018. the credit quality of newly originated loans in 2018 was strong overall as evidenced by a weighted-average ltv on originations of 67% and a weighted-average fico score of 773.
the credit performance of the majority of the home equity portfolio where we hold the first lien position is superior to the portion of the portfolio where we hold the second lien position, but do not hold the first lien. lien position information is generally based upon
the following table presents our home equity loans by geographic market and lien type.
table 16: home equity loans by geography and by lien priority december 31, 2018                         december 31, 2017
total home equity loans     $26,123               100       %         $28,364               100       %
we track borrower performance of this portfolio monthly similar to home equity loans. this information is used for internal reporting and risk management. for internal reporting and risk management we also segment the mortgage portfolio into pools based on product type (e.g., nonconforming, conforming). as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we also segment the portfolio based upon loan delinquency, nonperforming status, modification and bankruptcy status, fico scores, ltv and geographic concentrations. loan performance is evaluated by source originators and loan servicers.
the credit quality of newly originated loans that we retained on our balance sheet in 2018 was strong overall as evidenced by a weighted-average ltv on originations of 71% and a weighted-average fico score of 769.
we originate residential mortgage loans nationwide through our national mortgage business as well as within our branch network. residential mortgage loans underwritten to government agency standards, including conforming loan amount limits, are typically sold with servicing retained by us. we also originate nonconforming residential mortgage loans that do not meet government agency standards, which we retain on our balance sheet. the nonconforming residential mortgage portfolio had strong credit quality at december 31, 2018 with an average original ltv of 70% and an average original fico score of 772. our portfolio of nonconforming residential mortgage loans totaled $12.8 billion at december 31, 2018 with 30% located in california.
automobile within auto loans, $12.9 billion resided in the indirect auto portfolio while $1.5 billion were in the direct auto portfolio as of december 31, 2018. comparable amounts as of december 31, 2017 were $11.4 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, and also included $.1 billion of securitized loans. the indirect auto portfolio relates to loan applications originated through franchised automobile dealers. this business is strategically aligned with our core retail banking business.
we continue to focus on borrowers with strong credit profiles as evidenced by a weighted-average loan origination fico score during 2018 of 740 for indirect auto loans and 762 for direct auto loans. the weighted-average term of loan originations during 2018 was 74 months for indirect auto loans and 62 months for direct auto loans. we offer both new and used automobile financing to customers through our various channels. at december 31, 2018, the portfolio was composed of 53% new vehicle loans and 47% used vehicle loans. comparable amounts at december 31, 2017 were 54% and 46%, respectively.
the auto loan portfolio's performance is measured monthly, including updated collateral values that are obtained monthly and updated fico scores that are obtained at least quarterly. for internal reporting and risk management, we analyze the portfolio by product channel and product type and regularly evaluate default and delinquency experience. as part of our overall risk analysis and monitoring, we segment the portfolio by loan structure, collateral attributes and credit metrics which include fico score, ltv and term.
nonperforming assets and loan delinquencies nonperforming assets nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and leases for which ultimate collectability of the full amount of contractual principal and interest is not probable and include nonperforming troubled debt restructurings (tdrs), other real estate owned (oreo) and foreclosed assets. loans held for sale, certain government insured or guaranteed loans, purchased impaired loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option are excluded from nonperforming loans. additional information regarding our nonperforming loans and nonaccrual policies is included in note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. a summary of the major categories of nonperforming assets are presented in table 18. see note 3 asset quality in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further detail of nonperforming asset categories.
(a)   excludes most consumer loans and lines of credit not secured by residential real estate, which are charged off after 120 to 180 days past due and are not placed on nonperforming status.
principal activity, including paydowns and payoffs            (476   )            (638   )
as of december 31, 2018, approximately 89% of total nonperforming loans were secured by collateral which lessened reserve requirements and is expected to reduce credit losses in the event of default. as of december 31, 2018, commercial lending nonperforming loans were carried at approximately 70% of their unpaid principal balance, due to charge-offs recorded to date, before consideration of the allowance for loan and lease losses (alll).
within consumer lending nonperforming loans, residential real estate tdrs comprised 81% and 75% of total residential real estate nonperforming loans at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. home equity tdrs comprised 47% of home equity nonperforming loans at december 31, 2018, down from 50% at december 31, 2017. tdrs generally remain in nonperforming status until a borrower has made at least six consecutive months of both principal and interest payments under the modified terms or ultimate resolution occurs. loans where borrowers have been discharged from personal liability through chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not formally reaffirmed their loan obligations to us and loans to borrowers not currently obligated to make both principal and interest payments under the restructured terms are not returned to accrual status.
loan delinquencies we regularly monitor the level of loan delinquencies and believe these levels may be a key indicator of loan portfolio asset quality. measurement of delinquency status is based on the contractual terms of each loan. loans that are 30 days or more past due in terms of payment are considered delinquent. loan delinquencies exclude loans held for sale and purchased impaired loans, but include government insured or guaranteed loans and loans accounted for under the fair value option.
accruing loans past due 90 days or more are not included in nonperforming loans and continue to accrue interest because they are well secured by collateral and are in the process of collection, or are managed in homogenous portfolios with specified charge-off timeframes adhering to regulatory guidelines, or are certain government insured or guaranteed loans.
troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications troubled debt restructurings a tdr is a loan whose terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs result from our loss mitigation activities and include rate reductions, principal forgiveness, postponement/reduction of scheduled amortization and extensions, which are intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. additionally, tdrs also result from court imposed concessions (e.g., a chapter 7 bankruptcy where the debtor is discharged from personal liability to us and a court approved chapter 13 bankruptcy repayment plan).
(b)   accruing loans include consumer credit card loans and loans that have demonstrated a period of at least six months of performance under the restructured terms and are excluded from nonperforming loans.
see note 3 asset quality in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information on tdrs.
consumer loan modifications we modify loans under government and pnc-developed programs based upon our commitment to help eligible homeowners and borrowers avoid foreclosure, where appropriate. initially, a borrower is evaluated for a modification under a government program. if a borrower does not qualify under a government program, the borrower is then evaluated under a pnc program. our programs utilize both temporary and permanent modifications and typically reduce the interest rate, extend the term and/or defer principal. loans that are either temporarily or permanently modified under programs involving a change to loan terms are generally classified as tdrs. further, loans that have certain types of payment plans and trial payment arrangements which do not include a contractual change to loan terms may be classified as tdrs.
a temporary modification, with a term up to 24 months, involves a change in original loan terms for a period of time and reverts to a calculated exit rate for the remaining term of the loan as of a specific date. a permanent modification, with a term greater than 24 months, is a modification in which the terms of the original loan are changed. permanent modification programs generally result in principal forgiveness, interest rate reduction, term extension, capitalization of past due amounts, interest-only period or deferral of principal.
we also monitor the success rates and delinquency status of our loan modification programs to assess their effectiveness in serving our borrowers' and servicing customers' needs while mitigating credit losses.
allowances for loan and lease losses and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit we maintain an alll to absorb losses from the loan and lease portfolio and determine this allowance based on quarterly assessments of the estimated probable credit losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolio. our total alll of $2.6 billion at december 31, 2018 consisted of $1.6 billion and $1.0 billion established for the commercial lending and consumer lending categories, respectively. we maintain the alll at a level that we believe to be appropriate to absorb estimated probable credit losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolio as of the balance sheet date. the reserve calculation and determination process is dependent on the use of key assumptions. key reserve assumptions and estimation processes react to and are influenced by observed changes in loan and lease portfolio performance experience, the financial strength of the borrower, and economic conditions. key reserve assumptions are periodically updated.
62    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k our commercial pool reserve methodology is sensitive to changes in key risk parameters such as pd and lgd. the results of these parameters are then applied to the loan balance and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit to determine the amount of the respective reserves. the majority of the commercial portfolio is secured by collateral, including loans to asset-based lending customers, which generally demonstrate lower lgd compared to loans not secured by collateral. our pds and lgds are primarily determined using internal commercial loan loss data. this internal data is supplemented with third-party data and management judgment, as deemed necessary. we continue to evaluate and enhance our use of internal commercial loss data and will periodically update our pds and lgds as well as consider third-party data, regulatory guidance and management judgment.
allowances for non-impaired consumer loan classes are primarily based upon transition matrices, including using a roll-rate model. the roll-rate model uses statistical relationships, calculated from historical data that estimate the movement of loan outstandings through the various stages of delinquency and ultimately charge-off.
we establish specific allowances for loans considered impaired using methods prescribed by gaap. all impaired loans are subject to individual analysis, except leases and large groups of smaller-balance homogeneous loans which may include, but are not limited to, credit card, loans secured by residential real estate and consumer installment loans. specific allowances for individual loans (including commercial and consumer tdrs) are determined based on an analysis of the present value of expected future cash flows from the loans discounted at their effective interest rate, observable market price or the fair value of the underlying collateral.
a portion of the alll is related to qualitative measurement factors. these factors may include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   industry concentrations and conditions,
•   changes in market conditions,
•   recent credit quality trends,
•   timing of available information, including the performance of first lien positions, and
•   limitations of available historical data.
our determination of the alll for non-impaired loans is sensitive to the risk grades assigned to commercial loans and loss rates for consumer loans. there are several other qualitative and quantitative factors considered in determining the alll. periodically, reserve sensitivity analyses are performed. such analyses provide insight into the impact of adverse changes to risk grades and loss rates. given the current processes used, we believe the risk grades and loss rates currently assigned are appropriate.
purchased impaired loans are initially recorded at fair value and applicable accounting guidance prohibits the carry over or creation of valuation allowances at acquisition. because the initial fair values of these loans already reflect a credit component, additional reserves are established when performance is expected to be worse than our expectations as of the acquisition date. at december 31, 2018, we had established reserves of $.3 billion for purchased impaired loans. in addition, loans (purchased impaired and non-impaired) acquired after january 1, 2009 were recorded at fair value. no allowance for loan losses was carried over and no allowance was created at the date of acquisition.
in determining the appropriateness of the alll, we make specific allocations to impaired loans and allocations to portfolios of commercial and consumer loans. we also allocate reserves to provide coverage for probable losses incurred in the portfolio at the balance sheet date based upon current market conditions, which may not be reflected in historical loss data. commercial lending is the largest category of credits and is sensitive to changes in assumptions and judgments underlying the determination of the alll.
in addition to the alll, we maintain an allowance for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we report this allowance as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. we maintain the allowance for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit at a level we believe is appropriate to absorb estimated probable losses on these unfunded credit facilities. we determine this amount using estimates of the probability of the ultimate funding and losses related to those credit exposures. other than the estimation of the probability of funding, this methodology is very similar to the one we use for determining our alll.
see note 1 accounting policies and note 3 asset quality in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for further information on certain key asset quality indicators that we use to evaluate our portfolios and establish the allowances.
provision for credit losses                                                                            408                 441
net decrease / (increase) in allowance for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit              12                   4
at december 31, 2018, total alll to total nonperforming loans was 155%. the comparable amount for december 31, 2017 was 140%. these ratios are 112% and 102%, respectively, when excluding the $.7 billion of alll at both december 31, 2018 and 2017 allocated to consumer loans and lines of credit not secured by residential real estate and purchased impaired loans. we have excluded these amounts from alll in these ratios as these asset classes are not included in nonperforming loans. see table 18 within this credit risk management section for additional information.
the alll balance increases or decreases across periods in relation to fluctuating risk factors, including asset quality trends, net charge-offs and changes in aggregate portfolio balances. during 2018, overall credit quality remained strong, which resulted in an essentially flat alll balance as of december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017.
home equity                                                     110                 98                                      12       .04                             %
credit card                                                     217                 24                                     193       3.30                            %
home equity                                                     123                 91                                      32       .11                             %
credit card                                                     182                 21                                     161       3.06                            %
see note 1 accounting policies and note 4 allowance for loan and lease losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information on the alll.
64    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k liquidity and capital management liquidity risk has two fundamental components. the first is potential loss assuming we were unable to meet our funding requirements at a reasonable cost. the second is the potential inability to operate our businesses because adequate contingent liquidity is not available. we manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level (bank, parent company and nonbank subsidiaries combined) to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal "business as usual" and stressful circumstances, and to help ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of contingent liquidity.
management monitors liquidity through a series of early warning indicators that may indicate a potential market, or pnc-specific, liquidity stress event. in addition, management performs a set of liquidity stress tests over multiple time horizons with varying levels of severity and maintains a contingency funding plan to address a potential liquidity stress event. in the most severe liquidity stress simulation, we assume that our liquidity position is under pressure, while the market in general is under systemic pressure. the simulation considers, among other things, the impact of restricted access to both secured and unsecured external sources of funding, accelerated run-off of customer deposits, valuation pressure on assets and heavy demand to fund committed obligations. parent company liquidity guidelines are designed to help ensure that sufficient liquidity is available to meet our parent company obligations over the succeeding 24-month period. liquidity-related risk limits are established within our enterprise liquidity management policy and supporting policies. management committees, including the asset and liability committee, and the board of directors and its risk committee regularly review compliance with key established limits.
in addition to these liquidity monitoring measures and tools described above, we also monitor our liquidity by reference to the liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) which is further described in the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report. pnc and pnc bank calculate the lcr on a daily basis and as of december 31, 2018, the lcr for pnc and pnc bank exceeded the fully phased-in requirement of 100%.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory liquidity requirements and their potential impact on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business and item 1a risk factors of this report.
sources of liquidity our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses. these deposits provide relatively stable and low-cost funding. total deposits increased to $267.8 billion at december 31, 2018 from $265.1 billion at december 31, 2017 driven by growth in interest-bearing deposits partially offset by a decrease in noninterest-bearing deposits. see the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this report for additional information related to our deposits. additionally, certain assets determined by us to be liquid as well as unused borrowing capacity from a number of sources are also available to manage our liquidity position.
at december 31, 2018, our liquid assets consisted of short-term investments (federal funds sold, resale agreements, trading securities and interest-earning deposits with banks) totaling $22.1 billion and securities available for sale totaling $63.4 billion. the level of liquid assets fluctuates over time based on many factors, including market conditions, loan and deposit growth and balance sheet management activities. our liquid assets included $2.7 billion of securities available for sale and trading securities pledged as collateral to secure public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and for other purposes. in addition, $4.9 billion of securities held to maturity were also pledged as collateral for these purposes.
we also obtain liquidity through various forms of funding, including long-term debt (senior notes, subordinated debt and fhlb borrowings) and short-term borrowings (securities sold under repurchase agreements, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings). see note 10 borrowed funds and the funding sources section of the consolidated balance sheet review in this report for additional information related to our borrowings.
total senior and subordinated debt, on a consolidated basis, decreased due to the following activity:
calls and maturities      (6.8   )
bank liquidity under pnc bank's 2014 bank note program, as amended, pnc bank may from time to time offer up to $40.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time of its unsecured senior and subordinated notes with maturity dates more than nine months (in the case of senior notes) and five years or more (in the case of subordinated notes) from their date of issue. at december 31, 2018, pnc bank had $24.5 billion of notes outstanding under this program of which $20.2 billion were senior bank notes and $4.3 billion were subordinated bank notes. there were no new issuances for the three months ended december 31, 2018.
pnc bank maintains additional secured borrowing capacity with the fhlb-pittsburgh and through the federal reserve bank discount window. the federal reserve bank, however, is not viewed as a primary means of funding our routine business activities, but rather as a potential source of liquidity in a stressed environment or during a market disruption. at december 31, 2018, our unused secured borrowing capacity at the fhlb-pittsburgh and the federal reserve bank totaled $40.4 billion.
pnc bank has the ability to offer up to $10.0 billion of its commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2018, there were no issuances outstanding under this program.
parent company liquidity in addition to managing liquidity risk at the bank level, we monitor the parent company's liquidity. the parent company's contractual obligations consist primarily of debt service related to parent company borrowings and funding non-bank affiliates. additionally, the parent company maintains adequate liquidity to fund discretionary activities such as paying dividends to our shareholders, share repurchases and acquisitions.
as of december 31, 2018, available parent company liquidity totaled $4.6 billion. parent company liquidity is primarily held in intercompany short-term investments, the terms of which provide for the availability of cash in 31 days or less. investments with longer durations may also be acquired, but if so, the related maturities are aligned with scheduled cash needs, such as the maturity of parent company debt obligations.
the principal source of parent company liquidity is the dividends it receives from pnc bank, which may be impacted by the following:
•   bank-level capital needs;
there are statutory and regulatory limitations on the ability of a national bank to pay dividends or make other capital distributions or to extend credit to the parent company or its non-bank subsidiaries. the amount available for dividend payments by pnc bank to the parent company without prior regulatory approval was approximately $2.9 billion at december 31, 2018. see note 18 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for a further discussion of these limitations.
in addition to dividends from pnc bank, other sources of parent company liquidity include cash and investments, as well as dividends and loan repayments from other subsidiaries and dividends or distributions from equity investments. we can also generate liquidity for the parent company and pnc's non-bank subsidiaries through the issuance of debt and equity securities, including certain capital instruments, in public or private markets and commercial paper. the parent company has the ability to offer up to $5.0 billion of commercial paper to provide additional liquidity. as of december 31, 2018, there were no commercial paper issuances outstanding.
the parent company has an effective shelf registration statement pursuant to which we can issue additional debt, equity and other capital instruments. see note 24 subsequent events in item 8 of this report for information on the january 23, 2019 and february 15, 2019 issuances of $1.05 billion aggregate principal amount of senior fixed rate notes by the parent company utilizing this shelf registration statement.
parent company senior and subordinated debt outstanding totaled $6.7 billion at december 31, 2018 compared with $6.8 billion at december 31, 2017.
66    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k contractual obligations and commitments the following tables set forth contractual obligations and various other commitments as of december 31, 2018.
table 25: contractual obligations payment due by period december 31, 2018 - in millions                         total         less thanone year             one tothree years             four tofive years             after fiveyears remaining contractual maturities of time deposits     $18,507                   $11,972                        $4,760                        $1,150                        $625
nonqualified pension and postretirement benefits          464                        54                           105                            94                         211
our contractual obligations totaled $80.4 billion at december 31, 2017. the decrease in the comparison is primarily attributable to the decrease in borrowed funds, partially offset by the increase in remaining contractual maturities of time deposits. see funding sources in the consolidated balance sheet review section of this item 7 for additional information regarding our funding sources.
table 26: other commitments (a)
amount of commitment expiration by period december 31, 2018 - in millions                   total amounts committed         less than oneyear               one tothree years               four tofive years               afterfive years commitments to extend credit (b)                                 $169,278                   $80,571                         $39,056                         $48,800                          $851
net outstanding standby letters of credit (c)                       8,655                     4,966                           2,497                           1,105                            87
other commitments (e)                                               1,130                       739                             261                              95                            35
total commitments                                                $181,612                   $86,448                         $42,622                         $50,037                        $2,505
(a)   other commitments are funding commitments that could potentially require performance in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events. loan commitments are reported net of syndications, assignments and participations.
(b)   commitments to extend credit, or net unfunded loan commitments, represent arrangements to lend funds or provide liquidity subject to specified contractual conditions.
(c)   includes $3.7 billion of standby letters of credit that support remarketing programs for customers' variable rate demand notes.
(d)   reinsurance agreements are with third-party insurers related to insurance sold to our customers. balances represent estimates based on availability of financial information.
(e)   includes other commitments of $.3 billion that were not on our consolidated balance sheet. the remaining $.8 billion of other commitments were included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
our total commitments were $172.5 billion at december 31, 2017. the increase in the comparison was primarily attributable to an increase in commitments to extend credit, partially offset by declines in other commitments.
credit ratings pnc's credit ratings affect the cost and availability of short and long-term funding, collateral requirements for certain derivative instruments and the ability to offer certain products.
in general, rating agencies base their ratings on many quantitative and qualitative factors, including capital adequacy, liquidity, asset quality, business mix, level and quality of earnings, and the current legislative and regulatory environment, including implied government support. a decrease, or potential decrease, in credit ratings could impact access to the capital markets and/or increase the cost of debt, and thereby adversely affect liquidity and financial condition.
table 27: credit ratings for pnc and pnc bank december 31, 2018
moody's   standard &amp; poor's   fitch pnc senior debt           a3        a-                      a+
subordinated debt     a3        a-                      a long-term deposits    aa2       a                       aa-
short-term deposits   p-1       a-1                     f1+
capital management we manage our funding and capital positions by making adjustments to our balance sheet size and composition, issuing or redeeming debt, issuing equity or other capital instruments, executing treasury stock transactions and capital redemptions or repurchases, and managing dividend policies and retaining earnings.
in 2018, we returned $4.4 billion of capital to shareholders through repurchases of 19.9 million common shares for $2.8 billion and dividends on common shares of $1.6 billion.
we repurchase shares of pnc common stock under share repurchase authorization provided by our board of directors in the amount of up to 100 million shares and consistent with capital plans submitted to, and accepted by, the federal reserve. repurchases are made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and the extent and timing of share repurchases under authorizations depend on a number of factors including, among others, market and general economic conditions, economic and regulatory capital considerations, alternative uses of capital, the potential impact on our credit ratings, contractual and regulatory limitations, and the results of supervisory assessments of capital adequacy and capital planning processes undertaken by the federal reserve as part of the ccar and dodd-frank capital stress testing (dfast) processes.
in relation to the 2017 capital plan accepted by the federal reserve, we announced share repurchase programs of up to $2.7 billion for the four quarter period ended june 30, 2018, including repurchases of up to $.3 billion related to employee benefit plans. for the four quarter period ended june 30, 2018, we repurchased 18.4 million shares of pnc common stock for $2.6 billion. of the total repurchased, 10.5 million shares for $1.5 billion occurred in the first two quarters of 2018.
in connection with the 2018 ccar process, we submitted our capital plan, as approved by our board of directors, to the federal reserve in april 2018. in june 2018, the federal reserve accepted the capital plan and did not object to our proposed capital actions. as provided for in the 2018 capital plan, we announced new share repurchase programs of up to $2.0 billion for the four quarter period beginning in the third quarter of 2018, including repurchases of up to $.3 billion related to employee benefit plans. in november 2018, we announced an increase to these previously announced programs in the amount of up to $900 million in additional common share repurchases. we repurchased 9.4 million common shares for $1.3 billion during the third and fourth quarters of 2018 under these share repurchase programs.
the quarterly cash dividend was increased from $.75 to $.95 per share effective with the august 5, 2018 dividend payment date.
see the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business in this report for further information concerning the ccar and dfast process and the factors the federal reserve takes into consideration in its evaluation of capital plans.
68    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k table 28: basel iii capital dollars in millions                                                                                                           basel iiidecember 31, 2018 (a) (b)           fully phased-in basel iii (non-gaap)december 31, 2017 (c)        2017 transitional basel iii december 31, 2017 (a)
common equity tier 1 capital common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock                                                                                    $5,548                                          $8,195                                                                  $8,195
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for securities currently, and those transferred from, available for sale                         (80             )                               337                    270
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        (9,022             )                            (8,988                )                                                 (8,988                  )
other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 (255             )                              (319                )                                                   (255                  )
total common equity tier 1 capital before threshold deductions                                                                              34,369                                          34,021                                                                  34,129
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                                                               $30,905                                         $31,093                                                                 $32,146
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock plus related surplus                                                                                                         3,986                                           3,985                                                                   3,985
tier 1 capital                                                                                                                             $34,735                                         $34,932                                                                 $36,007
additional tier 2 capital qualifying subordinated debt                                                                                                                 3,877                                           3,433                                                                   3,482
trust preferred capital securities                                                                                                              80                                                                    100
eligible credit reserves includable in tier 2 capital                                                                                        2,914                                           2,907                                                                   2,907
total basel iii capital                                                                                                                    $41,606                                         $41,272                                                                 $42,496
basel iii risk-based capital and leverage ratios common equity tier 1 (i)                                                                                                                       9.6             %                               9.8                %   (h)                                             10.4                  %
(a)   all ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to pnc during each period presented and calculated based on the standardized approach.
(b)   the basel iii common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 risk-based capital, leverage and supplementary ratios as of december 31, 2018 reflect the full phase-in of all basel iii adjustments to these metrics applicable to pnc.
(d)   under the basel iii rules, certain items such as significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions (primarily blackrock), mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets must be deducted from capital (subject to a phase-in schedule that ended december 31, 2017 and net of associated deferred tax liabilities) to the extent they individually exceed 10%, or in the aggregate exceed 15%, of pnc's adjusted common equity tier 1 capital.
(e)   includes credit and market risk-weighted assets.
(f)   basel iii advanced approaches risk-weighted assets are calculated based on the basel iii advanced approaches rules, and include credit, market and operational risk-weighted assets. during the parallel run qualification phase, pnc has refined the data, models and internal processes used as part of the advanced approaches for determining risk-weighted assets. we anticipate additional refinements to this calculation through the parallel run qualification phase.
(g)   supplementary leverage exposure is the sum of adjusted average assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures including undrawn credit commitments and derivative potential future exposures.
(h)   pro forma fully phased-in basel iii capital ratio based on basel iii standardized approach risk-weighted assets and rules.
(i)   for comparative purposes only, the advanced approaches basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratio for both december 31, 2018 and december 31, 2017 (estimated) is 10.9%. this capital ratio is calculated using common equity tier 1 capital and dividing by basel iii advanced approaches risk-weighted assets.
(j)   for comparative purposes only, the advanced approaches basel iii tier 1 risk-based capital ratio for december 31, 2018 is 12.3% and for december 31, 2017 is 12.2% (estimated). this capital ratio is calculated using tier 1 capital and dividing by basel iii advanced approaches risk-weighted assets.
(k)   for comparative purposes only, the advanced approaches basel iii total capital risk-based capital ratio for december 31, 2018 is 13.7% and for december 31, 2017 is 13.5% (estimated). this ratio is calculated using total basel iii capital, which under the advanced approaches, additional tier 2 capital includes allowance for loan and lease losses in excess of basel expected credit losses, if any, up to 0.6% of credit risk-weighted assets, and dividing by basel iii advanced approaches risk-weighted assets.
(l)   the basel iii total risk-based capital ratio includes $80 million of nonqualifying trust preferred capital securities that are subject to a phase-out period that runs through 2021.
(m)   for comparative purposes only, as of december 31, 2018 the ratio would be 13.0%, assuming nonqualifying trust preferred capital securities are phased out.
(n)   leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets.
(o)   supplementary leverage ratio is calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by supplementary leverage exposure. as advanced approaches banking organizations, pnc and pnc bank are subject to a 3% minimum supplementary leverage ratio effective january 1, 2018.
the decline in our basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratio at december 31, 2018 compared to december 31, 2017 reflected continued capital return to shareholders in the form of common share repurchases and dividends and a decline in aoci largely related to the impact of higher interest rates on the valuation of our available for sale securities portfolio.
we refer to the capital ratios calculated using the definition of capital in effect as of january 1, 2018 and, for the risk-based ratios, standardized approach risk-weighted assets, as the basel iii ratios. in addition, we refer to the capital ratios calculated using the phased-in basel iii provisions in effect for 2017 and, for the risk-based ratios, standardized approach risk-weighted assets, as the 2017 transitional basel iii ratios. all current period capital ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to us during 2018.
federal banking regulators have stated that they expect the largest u.s. bank holding companies (bhcs), including pnc, to have a level of regulatory capital well in excess of the regulatory minimum and have required the largest u.s. bhcs, including pnc, to have a capital buffer sufficient to withstand losses and allow them to meet the credit needs of their customers through estimated stress scenarios. we seek to manage our capital consistent with these regulatory principles, and believe that our december 31, 2018 capital levels were aligned with them.
at december 31, 2018, pnc and pnc bank, our sole bank subsidiary, were both considered "well capitalized," based on applicable u.s. regulatory capital ratio requirements. to qualify as "well capitalized", pnc must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6% for tier 1 risk-based capital and 10% for total risk-based capital, and pnc bank must have basel iii capital ratios of at least 6.5% for common equity tier 1 risk-based capital, 8% for tier 1 risk-based capital, 10% for total risk-based capital and a leverage ratio of at least 5%.
we provide additional information regarding regulatory capital requirements and some of their potential impacts on us in the supervision and regulation section of item 1 business, item 1a risk factors and note 18 regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report. see the statistical information (unaudited) section in item 8 of this report for details on our december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 transitional basel iii and fully phased-in basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratios.
market risk management market risk is the risk of a loss in earnings or economic value due to adverse movements in market factors such as interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. we are exposed to market risk primarily by our involvement in the following activities, among others:
•   traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans;
•   equity and other investments and activities whose economic values are directly impacted by market factors; and
•   fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange activities, as a result of customer activities and securities underwriting.
we have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor and report market risk. market risk management provides independent oversight by monitoring compliance with established guidelines and reporting significant risks in the business to the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk management - interest rate risk interest rate risk results primarily from our traditional banking activities of gathering deposits and extending loans. many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in interest rates and consumer preferences, affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest that we pay on liabilities and the level of our noninterest-bearing funding sources. due to the repricing term mismatches and embedded options inherent in certain of these products, changes in market interest rates not only affect expected near-term earnings, but also the economic values of these assets and liabilities.
the interest rates that we pay on customer deposits have risen in 2018 as a result of higher short-term market interest rates. the rates paid on commercial deposits have had a higher correlation to increases in short-term interest rates, as compared to the rates paid on consumer deposits. during 2019, we anticipate that the rates paid on our consumer deposits will continue to reflect increases in short-term interest rates. the rates paid on customer deposits are also impacted by factors including the level of interest rates, competition for deposits, new product offerings and changes in business strategies.
our asset and liability management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies, which are approved by management's asset and liability committee and the risk committee of the board of directors.
sensitivity results and market interest rate benchmarks for the fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 follow.
70    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k table 29: interest sensitivity analysis fourth quarter 2018             fourth quarter 2017
net interest income sensitivity simulation (a)
duration of equity model (a)
base case duration of equity (in years)                                                                                          (1.0   )                        (1.7    )
(a)   given the inherent limitations in certain of these measurement tools and techniques, results become less meaningful as interest rates approach zero.
in addition to measuring the effect on net interest income assuming parallel changes in current interest rates, we routinely simulate the effects of a number of nonparallel interest rate environments. table 30 reflects the percentage change in net interest income over the next two 12-month periods assuming (i) the pnc economist's most likely rate forecast, (ii) implied market forward rates and (iii) yield curve slope flattening (a 100 basis point yield curve slope flattening between one-month and ten-year rates superimposed on current base rates) scenario.
table 30: net interest income sensitivity to alternative rate scenarios december 31, 2018
pnceconomist           marketforward            slopeflattening first year sensitivity    .5             %   .6                  %        (.7               )%
second year sensitivity   .8             %       (.6             )%       (3.3              )%
when forecasting net interest income, we make assumptions about interest rates and the shape of the yield curve, the volume and characteristics of new business and the behavior of existing on- and off-balance sheet positions. these assumptions determine the future level of simulated net interest income in the base interest rate scenario and the other interest rate scenarios presented in tables 29 and 30. these simulations assume that as assets and liabilities mature, they are replaced or repriced at then current market rates.
the fourth quarter 2018 interest sensitivity analyses indicate that our consolidated balance sheet is positioned to benefit from an increase in interest rates and an upward sloping interest rate yield curve. we believe that we have the deposit funding base and balance sheet flexibility to adjust, where appropriate and permissible, to changing interest rates and market conditions.
market risk management - customer-related trading risk we engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers' investing and hedging activities. these transactions, related hedges and the credit valuation adjustment related to our customer derivatives portfolio are marked-to-market daily and reported as customer-related trading activities. we do not engage in proprietary trading of these products.
we use value-at-risk (var) as the primary means to measure and monitor market risk in customer-related trading activities. var is used to estimate the probability of portfolio losses based on the statistical analysis of historical market risk factors. a diversified var reflects empirical correlations across different asset classes. we calculate a diversified var at a 95% confidence interval and the results for 2018 and 2017 were within our acceptable limits.
to help ensure the integrity of the models used to calculate var for each portfolio and enterprise-wide, we use a process known as backtesting. the backtesting process consists of comparing actual observations of gains or losses against the var levels that were calculated at the close of the prior day. our var measure assumes that exposures remain constant and that recent market variability is a good predictor of future variability. actual observations include customer related revenue and intraday hedging which helps to reduce losses and can reduce the number of instances actual losses exceed the prior day var measure. there were minimal instances during 2018 and 2017 under our diversified var measure where actual losses exceeded the prior day var measure and those losses were insignificant. our portfolio and enterprise-wide var models utilize a historical approach with a 500 day look back period.
customer-related trading revenue was $248 million in 2018 compared with $255 million in 2017 and is recorded in other noninterest income and other interest income on our consolidated income statement. the decrease was primarily due to the impact of changes in credit valuations for customer-related derivative activities, which was partially offset by higher foreign exchange and derivative client revenues.
market risk management - equity and other investment risk equity investment risk is the risk of potential losses associated with investing in both private and public equity markets. in addition to extending credit, taking deposits, underwriting securities and trading financial instruments, we make and manage direct investments in a variety of transactions, including management buyouts, recapitalizations and growth financings in a variety of industries. we also have investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds that make similar investments in private equity. the economic and/or book value of these investments and other assets are directly affected by changes in market factors.
various pnc business units manage our equity and other investment activities. our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines.
a summary of our equity investments follows:
table 32: equity investments summary dollars in millions           december 31 2018            december 31 2017                          change
tax credit investments                   2,219                       2,148              71           3   %
private equity and other                 2,659                       1,668             991          59   %
blackrock we owned approximately 35 million common stock equivalent shares of blackrock equity at december 31, 2018, accounted for under the equity method. the business segments review section of this item 7 includes additional information about blackrock.
tax credit investments included in our equity investments are direct tax credit investments and equity investments held by consolidated entities. these tax credit investment balances included unfunded commitments totaling $.8 billion at both december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. these unfunded commitments are included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
note 2 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report has further information on tax credit investments.
72    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k private equity and other the majority of our other equity investments consists of our private equity portfolio. the private equity portfolio is an illiquid portfolio consisting of mezzanine and equity investments that vary by industry, stage and type of investment. private equity investments carried at estimated fair value totaled $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, $1.3 billion was invested directly in a variety of companies and $.2 billion was invested indirectly through various private equity funds. see the supervision and regulation section in item 1 of this report for discussion of the potential impacts of the volcker rule provisions of dodd-frank on our interests in and of private funds covered by the volcker rule.
effective january 1, 2018, $.6 billion of available for sale securities were reclassified to equity investments as part of the adoption of asu 2016-01. these securities were primarily money market funds.
included in our other equity investments are visa class b common shares, which are recorded at cost. visa class b common shares that we own are transferable only under limited circumstances until they can be converted into shares of the publicly-traded class a common shares, which cannot happen until the resolution of the pending interchange litigation. based upon the december 31, 2018 per share closing price of $131.94 for a visa class a common share, the estimated value of our total investment in the class b common shares was approximately $756 million at the current conversion rate of visa b shares to visa a shares, while our cost basis was not significant. see note 6 fair value and note 19 legal proceedings in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information regarding our visa agreements. the estimated value does not represent fair value of the visa b common shares given the share's limited transferability and the lack of observable transactions in the marketplace. in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded a negative derivative fair value adjustment of $248 million related to swap agreements with purchasers of visa class b common shares. these fair value adjustments were primarily related to the extension of anticipated timing of litigation resolution.
we also have certain other equity investments, the majority of which represent investments in affiliated and non-affiliated funds with both traditional and alternative investment strategies. net gains related to these investments were not significant during 2018 and 2017.
impact of inflation our assets and liabilities are primarily financial in nature and typically have varying maturity dates. accordingly, future changes in prices do not affect the obligations to pay or receive fixed and determinable amounts of money. however, during periods of inflation, there may be a subsequent impact affecting certain fixed costs or expenses, an erosion of consumer and customer purchasing power, and fluctuations in the need or demand for our products and services. should significant levels of inflation occur, our business could potentially be impacted by, among other things, reducing our tolerance for extending credit or causing us to incur additional credit losses resulting from possible increased default rates.
financial derivatives we use a variety of financial derivatives as part of the overall asset and liability risk management process to help manage exposure to market (primarily interest rate) and credit risk inherent in our business activities. we also enter into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities.
financial derivatives involve, to varying degrees, market and credit risk. derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional and an underlying as specified in the contract. therefore, cash requirements and exposure to credit risk are significantly less than the notional amount on these instruments.
further information on our financial derivatives is presented in note 1 accounting policies, note 6 fair value and note 13 financial derivatives in item 8 of this report.
not all elements of market and credit risk are addressed through the use of financial derivatives, and such instruments may be ineffective for their intended purposes due to unanticipated market changes, among other reasons.
operational risk management operational risk is the risk to the current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational risk is inherent to the entire organization.
operational risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes through a systematic approach whereby operational risks and exposures are: 1) identified and assessed; 2) managed through the design and implementation of controls; 3) measured and evaluated against our risk tolerance limits; and 4) appropriately reported to management and the risk committee. strong operational risk management and well-informed risk-based decisions benefit us by improving the customer experience, the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k  73
enhancing compliance, reducing reputational risk, minimizing losses and establishing an appropriate amount of required operational risk capital held by us.
the operational risk management framework supports our effective and consistent management of operational risk. the primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. additionally, the guidance established within the framework enables management to make well-informed risk-based business decisions.
the framework provides a disciplined and structured process for us to manage operational risk across eight operational risk domains. these domains provide a comprehensive view of operational risk and allow us to discuss operational risk in a standard way, facilitating reporting and ongoing risk mitigation.
•   compliance: risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards, or other regulatory requirements.
•   data management: risk associated with incomplete or inaccurate data.
•   model: risk associated with the design, implementation, and ongoing use and management of a model.
•   technology and systems: risk associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology.
•   information security: risk resulting from the failure to protect information and ensure appropriate access to, and use and handling of information assets.
•   business continuity: risk of potential disruptive events to business activities.
•   third party: risk arising from failure of third party providers to conduct activity in a safe and sound manner and in compliance with contract provisions and applicable laws and regulations.
we utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. the program tools and methodology enable our business managers to identify potential risks and control gaps.
lines of business are responsible for identifying, owning, managing and monitoring the operational risks and controls associated with its business activities and product or service offerings to within acceptable levels. centralized functions, such as business continuity, enterprise third party management, and information security, are responsible for the development, implementation and management of their individual programs and for the development and maintenance of the policies, procedures, methodologies, tools and technology utilized across the enterprise to identify, assess, monitor and report program risks. additionally, independent risk management reviews and challenges line of business adherence to the framework to ensure proper controls are in place and appropriate risk mitigation plans are established as necessary.
compliance risk enterprise compliance is responsible for coordinating the compliance risk component of our operational risk management framework. compliance issues are identified and tracked through enterprise-wide monitoring and tracking programs. key compliance risk issues are escalated through a comprehensive risk reporting process at both a business and enterprise level and incorporated, as appropriate, into the development and assessment of our operational risk profile. a committee, co-chaired by the chief compliance officer and the chief bsa/aml officer, is responsible for oversight of compliance and fiduciary risk management programs across pnc. in order to help understand and proactively address emerging regulatory issues where appropriate, enterprise compliance communicates regularly with various regulators having supervisory or regulatory responsibilities with respect to us, our subsidiaries, or businesses and participates in forums focused on regulatory and compliance matters in the financial services industry.
74    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k critical accounting estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared by applying certain accounting policies. note 1 accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report describes the most significant accounting policies that we use. certain of these policies require us to make estimates or economic assumptions that may vary under different assumptions or conditions and such variations may significantly affect our reported results and financial position for the period or in future periods.
fair value measurements we must use estimates, assumptions and judgments when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at, or adjusted to reflect, fair value. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. fair values and the information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities are based on either quoted market prices or are provided by independent third-party sources, including appraisers and valuation specialists, when available. when such third-party information is not available, we estimate fair value primarily by using cash flow and other financial modeling techniques. changes in underlying factors, assumptions, or estimates in any of these areas could materially impact our future financial condition and results of operations.
we apply asc 820 - fair value measurements. this guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell a financial asset or paid to transfer a financial liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. this guidance requires a three level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. the classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used in the measurement are observable or unobservable.
the following table summarizes the assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and the portions of such assets and liabilities that are classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. level 3 assets and liabilities are those where the fair value is estimated using significant unobservable inputs.
total liabilities                                                                          $3,355                  $333                        $4,233                  $531
total liabilities at fair value as a percentage of consolidated liabilities                     1    %                                              1    %
level 3 liabilities as a percentage of total liabilities at fair value                                               10    %                                             13    %
level 3 liabilities as a percentage of consolidated liabilities                                                  &lt;1%                                               &lt;1    %
the majority of assets recorded at fair value are included in the securities available for sale portfolio. the majority of level 3 assets represent non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities in the securities available for sale portfolio, mortgage servicing rights and equity investments. the majority of level 3 liabilities represent financial derivatives. for further information on fair value, see note 6 fair value in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report.
allowances for loan and lease losses and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit we maintain the alll and the allowance for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit at levels that we believe to be appropriate to absorb estimated probable credit losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolios and on these unfunded credit facilities as of the balance sheet date. our determination of the allowances is based on periodic evaluations of the loan and lease portfolios and unfunded credit facilities and other relevant factors. these critical estimates include significant use of our own historical data and complex methods to interpret them. we have an ongoing process to evaluate and enhance the quality, quantity and timeliness of our data and interpretation methods used in the determination of these allowances. these evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require material estimates and may be susceptible to significant change, and include, among others:
•   probability of default (pd);
•   qualitative factors, such as changes in current economic conditions, that may not be reflected in modeled results.
for all loans, the alll is the sum of three components: (i) asset specific/individual impaired reserves, (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves and (iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. the reserve calculation and determination process is dependent on the use of key assumptions. key reserve assumptions and estimation processes react to and are influenced by observed changes in loan portfolio performance experience, the financial strength of the borrower, and economic conditions. for unfunded commitments, the reserve estimate also includes estimation of the probability of funding. key reserve assumptions are periodically updated.
to the extent actual outcomes differ from our estimates, additional provision for credit losses may be required that would reduce future earnings. see the following for additional information:
•   allowances for loan and lease losses and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit in the credit risk management section of this item 7; and
•   note 1 accounting policies and note 4 allowance for loan and lease losses in the notes to consolidated financial statements and allocation of allowance for loan and lease losses in the statistical information (unaudited) section of item 8 of this report.
residential and commercial mortgage servicing rights we elect to measure our residential and commercial mortgage servicing rights (msrs) at fair value. this election was made to be consistent with our risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. the fair value of residential and commercial msrs is estimated by using a discounted cash flow valuation model which calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs, and other factors which are determined based on current market conditions.
we employ risk management strategies designed to protect the value of msrs from changes in interest rates and related market factors. the values of the residential and commercial msrs are economically hedged with securities and derivatives, including interest-rate swaps, options, and forward mortgage-backed and futures contracts. as interest rates change, these financial instruments are expected to have changes in fair value negatively correlated to the change in fair value of the hedged msr portfolios. the hedge relationships are actively managed in response to changing market conditions over the life of the msrs. selecting appropriate financial instruments to economically hedge residential or commercial msrs requires significant management judgment to assess how mortgage rates and prepayment speeds could affect the future values of msrs. hedging results can frequently be less predictable in the short term, but over longer periods of time are expected to protect the economic value of the msrs.
for additional information on our residential and commercial msrs, see note 6 fair value and note 7 goodwill and mortgage servicing rights in item 8 of this report.
76    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k recently issued accounting standards accounting standards update (asu)   description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    financial statement impact leases - asu 2016-02                • required effective date of january 1, 2019.(a)• requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for all leases with lease terms of more than 12 months.• recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease.• targeted changes have been made to the lessor accounting model to align the guidance with the new lessee model and revenue recognition guidance.• may be adopted using a modified retrospective approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment.• financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an asu which permits the option to adopt the new standard prospectively as of the effective date, without adjusting comparative periods presented. under this new transition method, an entity initially applies the new leases standard at the effective date and recognizes a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption.   • we adopted this standard prospectively as of january 1, 2019, without adjusting comparative periods presented. we recognized lease liabilities and right-of-use assets of $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, as of january 1, 2019. we recognized a one-time adjustment of $83 million to retained earnings, related primarily to deferred gains on previous sale-leaseback transactions.• the impact of adoption was immaterial to pnc's consolidated income statement.• the impact of adoption of the changes to the lessor accounting model did not have a material impact on our financial statements.
credit losses - asu 2016-13         • required effective date of january 1, 2020.(a)• requires the use of an expected credit loss methodology; specifically, current expected credit losses (cecl) for the remaining life of the asset will be recognized at the time of origination or acquisition.• methodology will apply to loans, debt securities, and other financial assets and net investment in leases not accounted for at fair value through net income. it will also apply to off-balance sheet credit exposures except for unconditionally cancellable commitments.• in-scope assets will be presented at the net amount expected to be collected after deducting the allowance for credit losses from the amortized cost basis of the assets.• requires enhanced credit quality disclosures including disaggregation of credit quality indicators by vintage.• requires a modified retrospective approach through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the year of adoption.                                                                   • we did not adopt the standard at its early adoption date as of january 2019.• we established a company-wide, cross-functional governance structure in the third quarter of 2016, which oversees overall strategy for implementation of cecl. • we have prepared preliminary cecl accounting policies and interpretations, and continue to refine and test our models, estimation techniques, data, operational processes and controls to be used in preparing the cecl estimates. • we expect that we will be able to test-run all of our processes by the end of the second quarter of 2019, pending any unforeseen circumstances or significant changes to the requirements. during 2019, we expect to continually address any gaps in our interpretations, methodology, data and operational processes based upon our reviews and tests.• we are also participating in the fasb's standard setting activity related to cecl. recently, the fasb has issued a proposed asu for technical corrections related to financial instruments, which has an impact on the implementation of cecl related to treatment of recoveries, accrued interest receivables and some disclosure requirements. the comment period for the proposed asu closed on january 18, 2019. we are awaiting final guidance from the fasb, and expect to be able to implement any changes.• we believe that given current conditions, our credit loss reserves will increase primarily for longer duration consumer loans, due to the difference between loss emergence periods currently used versus prepayment adjusted contractual maturities required under cecl. we will continue to refine our estimates throughout 2019, as cecl models and techniques are implemented and the results are vetted. we continue to believe that total credit loss reserves will increase at the adoption date and that the magnitude of the increase will depend upon the nature and characteristics of the portfolio at the adoption date, as well as macroeconomic conditions and forecasts at that date.
goodwill - asu 2017-04              • required effective date of january 1, 2020.(a)• eliminates step 2 from the goodwill impairment test to simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill under which a loss was recognized only if the estimated implied fair value of the goodwill is below its carrying value.• requires impairment to be recognized if the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         • we plan to adopt the standard on its effective date and we do not expect the adoption of this standard to impact our consolidated results of operations or our consolidated financial position.
(a) early adoption is permitted.
recently adopted accounting pronouncements see note 1 accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report regarding the impact of new accounting pronouncements which we have adopted.
off-balance sheet arrangements and variable interest entities we engage in a variety of activities that involve entities that are not consolidated or otherwise reflected in our consolidated balance sheet that are generally referred to as "off-balance sheet arrangements." additional information on these types of activities is included in the following sections of this report:
•   commitments, including contractual obligations and other commitments, included within the risk management section of this item 7; and
•   note 2 loan sale and servicing activities and variable interest entities;
•   note 15 equity; and
•   note 20 commitments, all of which are in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
a summary and further description of variable interest entities (vies) as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 is included in note 1 accounting policies and note 2 loan sale and servicing and variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
trust preferred securities see note 10 borrowed funds in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this report for additional information on trust preferred securities issued by pnc capital trust c including information on contractual limitations potentially imposed on payments (including dividends) with respect to pnc's equity securities.
glossary of terms adjusted average total assets - primarily consisted of total average quarterly (or annual) assets plus/less unrealized losses (gains) on investment securities, less goodwill and certain other intangible assets (net of eligible deferred taxes).
basel iii common equity tier 1 capital - common stock plus related surplus, net of treasury stock, plus retained earnings, plus accumulated other comprehensive income for securities currently, and those transferred from, available for sale and pension and other postretirement benefit plans, subject to phase-in limits, less goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities, less other disallowed intangibles, net of deferred tax liabilities and plus/less other adjustments. significant common stock investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets, must then be deducted to the extent such items individually exceed 10%, or in the aggregate exceed 15%, of our adjusted basel iii common equity tier 1 capital.
basel iii common equity tier 1 capital ratio - common equity tier 1 capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable).
basel iii tier 1 capital - common equity tier 1 capital, plus qualifying preferred stock, plus certain trust preferred capital securities, plus certain noncontrolling interests that are held by others and plus/less other adjustments.
basel iii tier 1 capital ratio - tier 1 capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable).
basel iii total capital - tier 1 capital plus qualifying subordinated debt, plus certain trust preferred securities, plus, under the basel iii transitional rules and the standardized approach, the allowance for loan and lease losses included in tier 2 capital and other.
basel iii total capital ratio - total capital divided by period-end risk-weighted assets (as applicable).
charge-off - process of removing a loan or portion of a loan from our balance sheet because it is considered uncollectible. we also record a charge-off when a loan is transferred from portfolio holdings to held for sale by reducing the loan carrying amount to the fair value of the loan, if fair value is less than carrying amount.
combined loan-to-value ratio (cltv) - this is the aggregate principal balance(s) of the mortgages on a property divided by its appraised value or purchase price.
common shareholders' equity - total shareholders' equity less the liquidation value of preferred stock.
credit valuation adjustment - represents an adjustment to the fair value of our derivatives for our own and counterparties' non-performance risk.
criticized commercial loans - loans with potential or identified weaknesses based upon internal risk ratings that comply with the regulatory classification definitions of "special mention," "substandard" or "doubtful."
78    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k discretionary client assets under management - assets over which we have sole or shared investment authority for our customers/clients. we do not include these assets on our consolidated balance sheet.
duration of equity - an estimate of the rate sensitivity of our economic value of equity. a negative duration of equity is associated with asset sensitivity (i.e., positioned for rising interest rates), while a positive value implies liability sensitivity (i.e., positioned for declining interest rates). for example, if the duration of equity is -1.5 years, the economic value of equity increases by 1.5% for each 100 basis point increase in interest rates.
earning assets - assets that generate income, which include: interest-earning deposits with banks; loans held for sale; loans; investment securities; and certain other assets.
effective duration - a measurement, expressed in years, that, when multiplied by a change in interest rates, would approximate the percentage change in value of on- and off- balance sheet positions.
fair value - the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
fee income - when referring to the components of noninterest income, we use the term fee income to refer to the following categories within noninterest income: asset management; consumer services; corporate services; residential mortgage; and service charges on deposits.
fico score - a credit bureau-based industry standard score created by fair isaac co. which predicts the likelihood of borrower default. we use fico scores both in underwriting and assessing credit risk in our consumer lending portfolio. lower fico scores indicate likely higher risk of default, while higher fico scores indicate likely lower risk of default. fico scores are updated on a periodic basis.
futures and forward contracts - contracts in which the buyer agrees to purchase and the seller agrees to deliver a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. may be settled either in cash or by delivery of the underlying financial instrument.
gaap - accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
impaired loans - loans are determined to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected. impaired loans include commercial nonperforming loans and consumer and commercial tdrs, regardless of nonperforming status. excluded from impaired loans are nonperforming leases, loans held for sale, loans accounted for under the fair value option, smaller balance homogenous type loans and purchased impaired loans.
interest rate swap contracts - contracts that are entered into primarily as an asset/liability management strategy to reduce interest rate risk. interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest rate payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate payments, based on notional principal amounts.
intrinsic value - the difference between the price, if any, required to be paid for stock issued pursuant to an equity compensation arrangement and the fair market value of the underlying stock.
leverage ratio - tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly adjusted total assets.
loan-to-value ratio (ltv) - a calculation of a loan's collateral coverage that is used both in underwriting and assessing credit risk in our lending portfolio. ltv is the sum total of loan obligations secured by collateral divided by the market value of that same collateral. market values of the collateral are based on an independent valuation of the collateral. for example, a ltv of less than 90% is better secured and has less credit risk than a ltv of greater than or equal to 90%.
loss given default (lgd) - an estimate of loss, net of recovery based on collateral type, collateral value, loan exposure and other factors. each loan has its own lgd. the lgd risk rating measures the percentage of exposure of a specific credit obligation that we expect to lose if default occurs. lgd is net of recovery, through any means, including but not limited to the liquidation of collateral or deficiency judgments rendered from foreclosure or bankruptcy proceedings.
nonaccrual loans - loans for which we do not accrue interest income. nonaccrual loans include nonperforming loans, in addition to loans accounted for under fair value option and loans accounted for as held for sale for which full collection of contractual principal and/or interest is not probable.
nondiscretionary client assets under administration - assets we hold for our customers/clients in a nondiscretionary, custodial capacity. we do not include these assets on our consolidated balance sheet.
nonperforming loans - loans accounted for at amortized cost for which we do not accrue interest income. nonperforming loans include loans to commercial, commercial real estate, equipment lease financing, home equity, residential real estate, credit card and other consumer customers as well as tdrs which have not returned to performing status. nonperforming loans exclude certain government insured or guaranteed loans for which we expect to collect substantially all principal and interest, loans held for sale, loans accounted for under the fair value option and purchased impaired loans. nonperforming loans exclude purchased impaired loans as we are currently accreting interest income over the expected life of the loans.
notional amount - a number of currency units, shares or other units specified in a derivative contract.
operating leverage - the period to period dollar or percentage change in total revenue (gaap basis) less the dollar or percentage change in noninterest expense. a positive variance indicates that revenue growth exceeded expense growth (i.e., positive operating leverage) while a negative variance implies expense growth exceeded revenue growth (i.e., negative operating leverage).
options - contracts that grant the purchaser, for a premium payment, the right, but not the obligation, to either purchase or sell the associated financial instrument at a set price during a specified period or at a specified date in the future.
probability of default (pd) - an internal risk rating that indicates the likelihood that a credit obligor will enter into default status.
recovery - cash proceeds received on a loan that we had previously charged off. we credit the amount received to the allowance for loan and lease losses.
risk - the potential that an event or series of events could occur that would threaten our ability to achieve our strategic objectives, thereby negatively affecting shareholder value or reputation.
risk appetite - a dynamic, forward-looking view on the aggregate amount of risk we are willing and able to take in executing business strategy in light of the current business environment.
risk limits - quantitative measures based on forward-looking assumptions that allocate the firm's aggregate risk appetite (e.g., measure of loss or negative events) to business lines, legal entities, specific risk categories, concentrations and as appropriate, other levels.
risk profile - the risk profile is a point-in-time assessment of risk. the profile represents overall risk position in relation to the desired risk appetite. the determination of the risk profile's position is based on qualitative and quantitative analysis of reported risk limits, metrics, operating guidelines and qualitative assessments.
servicing rights - an intangible asset or liability created by an obligation to service assets for others. typical servicing rights include the right to receive a fee for collecting and forwarding payments on loans and related taxes and insurance premiums held in escrow.
80    the pnc financial services group, inc. - form 10-k taxable-equivalent interest income - the interest income earned on certain assets that is completely or partially exempt from federal income tax. these tax-exempt instruments typically yield lower returns than taxable investments. to provide more meaningful comparisons of yields and margins for all interest-earning assets, we use interest income on a taxable-equivalent basis in calculating average yields and net interest margins by increasing the interest income earned on tax-exempt assets to make it fully equivalent to interest income earned on other taxable investments. this adjustment is not permitted under gaap on the consolidated income statement.
transitional basel iii common equity tier 1 capital - common equity tier 1 capital calculated under basel iii using phased-in definitions and deductions applicable to us during the related presentation period and standardized approach risk-weighted assets.
yield curve - a graph showing the relationship between the yields on financial instruments or market indices of the same credit quality with different maturities. for example, a "normal" or "positive" yield curve exists when long-term bonds have higher yields than short-term bonds. a "flat" yield curve exists when yields are the same for short-term and long-term bonds. a "steep" yield curve exists when yields on long-term bonds are significantly higher than on short-term bonds. an "inverted" or "negative" yield curve exists when short-term bonds have higher yields than long-term bonds.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information we make statements in this report, and we may from time to time make other statements, regarding our outlook for earnings, revenues, expenses, tax rates, capital and liquidity levels and ratios, asset levels, asset quality, financial position, and other matters regarding or affecting us and our future business and operations that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as "believe," "plan," "expect," "anticipate," "see," "look," "intend," "outlook," "project," "forecast," "estimate," "goal," "will," "should" and other similar words and expressions. forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time.
•   our businesses, financial results and balance sheet values are affected by business and economic conditions, including the following:
-   changes in interest rates and valuations in debt, equity and other financial markets.
-   changes in customer behavior due to recently enacted tax legislation, changing business and economic conditions or legislative or regulatory initiatives.
-   changes in customers', suppliers' and other counterparties' performance and creditworthiness.
-   impacts of tariffs and other trade policies of the u.s. and its global trading partners.
-   commodity price volatility.
•   our forward-looking financial statements are subject to the risk that economic and financial market conditions will be substantially different than those we are currently expecting and do not take into account potential legal and regulatory contingencies. these statements are based on our views that:
-   u.s. economic growth has accelerated over the past two years to above its long-run trend.
-   we expect further gradual improvement in the labor market this year, including job gains and rising wages, which would be a positive indicator for consumer spending.
-   trade restrictions and geopolitical concerns are downside risks to the forecast.
•   our ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to review by the federal reserve board as part of our comprehensive capital plan for the applicable period in connection with the federal reserve board's comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar) process and to the acceptance of such capital plan and non-objection to such capital actions by the federal reserve board.
•   our regulatory capital ratios in the future will depend on, among other things, the company's financial performance, the scope and terms of final capital regulations then in effect and management actions affecting the composition of our balance sheet. in addition, our ability to determine, evaluate and forecast regulatory capital ratios, and to take actions (such as capital distributions) based on actual or forecasted capital ratios, will be dependent at least in part on the development, validation and regulatory approval of related models.
•   legal and regulatory developments could have an impact on our ability to operate our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, competitive position, reputation, or pursuit of attractive acquisition opportunities. reputational impacts could affect matters such as business generation and retention, liquidity, funding, and ability to attract and retain management. these developments could include:
-   changes to regulations governing bank capital and liquidity standards.
-   unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings or other claims and regulatory and other governmental investigations or other inquiries. these matters may result in monetary judgments or settlements or other remedies, including fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in our business practices, and in additional expenses and collateral costs, and may cause reputational harm to us.
-   results of the regulatory examination and supervision process, including our failure to satisfy requirements of agreements with governmental agencies.
-   impact on business and operating results of any costs associated with obtaining rights in intellectual property claimed by others and of adequacy of our intellectual property protection in general.
•   business and operating results are affected by our ability to identify and effectively manage risks inherent in our businesses, including, where appropriate, through effective use of systems and controls, third-party insurance, derivatives, and capital management techniques, and to meet evolving regulatory capital and liquidity standards.
•   business and operating results also include impacts relating to our equity interest in blackrock, inc. and rely to a significant extent on information provided to us by blackrock. risks and uncertainties that could affect blackrock are discussed in more detail by blackrock in its sec filings.
•   we grow our business in part through acquisitions and new strategic initiatives. risks and uncertainties include those presented by the nature of the business acquired and strategic initiative, including in some cases those associated with our entry into new businesses or new geographic or other markets and risks resulting from our inexperience in those new areas, as well as risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition transactions themselves, regulatory issues, and the integration of the acquired businesses into pnc after closing.
•   competition can have an impact on customer acquisition, growth and retention and on credit spreads and product pricing, which can affect market share, deposits and revenues. our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes can also impact our ability to respond to customer needs and meet competitive demands.
•   business and operating results can also be affected by widespread natural and other disasters, pandemics, dislocations, terrorist activities, system failures, security breaches, cyberattacks or international hostilities through impacts on the economy and financial markets generally or on us or our counterparties specifically.
we provide greater detail regarding these as well as other factors in this report, including in the risk factors and risk management sections and the legal proceedings and commitments notes of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this report. our forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed elsewhere in this report or in our other filings with the sec.