item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview ross stores, inc. operates two brands of off-price retail apparel and home fashion stores-ross dress for less® ("ross") and dd's discounts®. ross is the largest off-price apparel and home fashion chain in the united states with 1,480 locations in 38 states, the district of columbia, and guam, as of february 2, 2019. ross offers first-quality, in-season, name brand and designer apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 60% off department and specialty store regular prices every day. we also operate 237 dd's discounts stores in 18 states as of february 2, 2019 that feature a more moderately-priced assortment of first-quality, in-season, name brand apparel, accessories, footwear, and home fashions for the entire family at savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices every day.
our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. in establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we closely monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains over the past few years were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. our sales and earnings gains in 2018 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day.
stores. total stores open at the end of fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 were 1,717, 1,622, and 1,533, respectively. the number of stores at the end of fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 increased by 6%, 6%, and 6% from the respective prior years. our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. we continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. we also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria.
we intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings.
we cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 will continue in future years.
interest expense (income), net. in fiscal 2018, net interest income improved by $17.8 million compared to 2017 primarily due to an increase in interest income, and higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. in fiscal 2017, net interest expense decreased by $8.8 million compared to 2016 primarily due to an increase in interest income. the table below shows the components of interest expense and income for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016:
capitalized interest                          (2,497   )            (710   )             (26   )
taxes on earnings. our effective tax rates for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 were approximately 23%, 33% and 37%, respectively. the effective tax rate represents the applicable combined federal and state statutory rates reduced by the federal benefit of state taxes deductible on federal returns. the effective rate is impacted by changes in laws, location of new stores, level of earnings, and the resolution of tax positions with various taxing authorities. we anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 will be between 23% and 24%.
in november 2018, we resolved uncertain federal tax positions related to fiscal 2015 with the internal revenue service. as a result, we recognized a tax benefit of approximately $26.0 million or approximately $0.07 of earnings per share in the consolidated statement of earnings.
in fiscal 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act" or "tax reform") was signed into law. the tax act made significant changes to u.s. corporate taxation including reducing the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, the last month of fiscal 2017. u.s. gaap requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. we applied a u.s. federal income tax rate of 21% for fiscal 2018 and a blended u.s. federal income tax rate of approximately 34% for fiscal 2017. this rate reduction resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.70 for fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2017, the rate reduction, along with the remeasurement of deferred taxes, resulted in an increase to our earnings per share of approximately $0.21.
earnings per share. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2018 was $4.26, which includes a per share benefit of approximately $0.70 from tax reform and $0.07 from the favorable resolution of a tax matter, compared to $3.55 in the prior year, which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and a $0.10 benefit from the 53rd week. the 20% increase in diluted earnings per share is attributable to an increase of approximately 16% in net earnings (which included a 14% impact from tax reform and a 2% impact from the favorable resolution of a tax matter) and 4% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program. diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2017 was $3.55, which included a per share benefit of approximately $0.21 from tax reform and $0.10 from the 53rd week, compared to $2.83 in fiscal 2016. the 25% increase in diluted earnings per share was attributable to an increase of approximately 22% in net earnings (which included a 7% impact from tax reform and a 4% impact from the 53rd week) and 3% from the reduction in weighted average diluted shares outstanding, largely due to the repurchase of common stock under our stock repurchase program.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of funds for our business activities are cash flows from operations and short-term trade credit. our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. we also use cash to repurchase stock under our stock repurchase program and to pay dividends, and for the repayment of debt as it becomes due.
cash provided by operating activities                                                 $2,066.7          $1,681.3          $1,558.9
cash used in investing activities                                                       (410.4   )        (354.8   )        (296.2   )
cash used in financing activities                                                     (1,531.5   )      (1,149.4   )        (916.1   )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $2,066.7 million, $1,681.3 million, and $1,558.9 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and was primarily driven by net earnings excluding non-cash expenses for depreciation and amortization and for deferred taxes. our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. we regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns.
the increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year, and lower income tax payments. the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage (defined as accounts payable divided by merchandise inventory) which was 67%, 65%, and 68% as of february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018, and january 28, 2017, respectively.
the increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily driven by higher earnings, partially offset by the timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus the prior year, and by the timing of income taxes payments.
as a regular part of our business, packaway inventory levels will vary over time based on availability of compelling merchandise purchase opportunities in the marketplace. packaway merchandise is purchased with the intent that it will be stored in our warehouses until a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but
typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. we expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $410.4 million, $354.8 million, and $296.2 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures.
in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, our capital expenditures were $413.9 million, $371.4 million, and $297.9 million, respectively. our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. the increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers, and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. the increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. we opened 99, 96, and 93 new stores in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below:
total capital expenditures                         $413.9          $371.4          $297.9
we are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new ross and dd's discounts stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying and corporate offices. we expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $1,531.5 million, $1,149.4 million, and $916.1 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. during fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations.
we repurchased 12.5 million, 13.5 million, and 11.6 million shares of common stock for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $1,075 million, $875 million, and $700 million in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. we also acquired 0.7 million, 0.7 million, and 0.7 million shares in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, of treasury stock from our employee stock equity compensation programs, for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $54.4 million, $45.4 million, and $43.3 million during fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
on december 13, 2018, we repaid at maturity the $85 million principal amount of the series a 6.38% unsecured senior notes.
short-term trade credit represents a significant source of financing for merchandise inventory. trade credit arises from customary payment terms and trade practices with our vendors. we regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2019.
our existing $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility expires in april 2021 and contains a $300 million sublimit for issuance of standby letters of credit (subject to increase in proportion to any increase in the size of the credit facility). the facility also contains an option allowing us to increase the size of our revolving credit facility by up to an additional $200 million, with the agreement of the lenders. interest on any borrowings under this facility is based on libor plus an applicable margin (currently 100 basis points) and is payable quarterly and upon maturity. as of february 2, 2019, we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding on this facility and our $600 million credit facility remains in place and available.
the revolving credit facility is subject to a financial leverage ratio covenant. as of february 2, 2019, we were in compliance with this covenant.
we estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months.
1we have a $77.9 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. this liability is excluded from the schedule above as the timing of payments cannot be reasonably estimated.
senior notes. as of february 2, 2019, we had outstanding unsecured 3.375% senior notes due september 2024 with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million. interest on the 2024 notes is payable semi-annually.
as of february 2, 2019, we also had outstanding series b unsecured senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of $65 million, held by various institutional investors. the series b notes are due in december 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 6.53%. borrowings under these senior notes are subject to certain financial covenants, including interest coverage and other financial ratios. as of february 2, 2019, we were in compliance with those covenants.
off-balance sheet arrangements operating leases. we currently lease all but two of our store locations. we also lease five warehouse facilities and two buying offices. in addition, we have a ground lease related to our new york buying office. except for certain leasehold improvements and equipment, these leased locations do not represent long-term capital investments.
two of our leased warehouses are in carlisle, pennsylvania with leases expiring in 2019 and 2020, one is in fort mill, south carolina, with the lease expiring in 2024, one is in rock hill, south carolina, with the lease expiring in 2028, and one is in shafter, california, with the lease expiring in 2029. all of the warehouse leases contain renewal provisions.
we currently lease approximately 103,000 and 5,000 square feet of office space for our los angeles and boston buying offices, respectively. the lease terms for these facilities expire in 2022 and 2020, respectively, and contain renewal provisions.
purchase obligations. as of february 2, 2019 we had purchase obligations of approximately $2.6 billion. these purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology services, transportation, and maintenance contracts.
standby letters of credit and collateral trust. we use standby letters of credit outside of our revolving credit facility in addition to a funded trust to collateralize our insurance obligations. as of february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, we had $7.3 million and $8.7 million, respectively, in standby letters of credit outstanding and $58.3 million and $57.1 million, respectively, in a collateral trust. the standby letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash and the collateral trust consists of restricted cash, cash equivalents, and investments.
trade letters of credit. we had $13.3 million and $20.7 million in trade letters of credit outstanding at february 2, 2019 and february 3, 2018, respectively.
effects of inflation or deflation. we do not consider the effects of inflation or deflation to be material to our financial position and results of operations.
other critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. these estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on historical experience and on various other factors that management believes to be reasonable. we believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies.
in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), with no need for management's judgment in their application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting one alternative accounting principle over another would not produce a materially different result. see our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k, which contain descriptions of our accounting policies and other disclosures required by gaap.
merchandise inventory. our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost (determined using a weighted average basis) or net realizable value. we purchase inventory that can either be shipped to stores or processed as packaway merchandise with the intent that it will be warehoused and released to stores at a later date. the timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to the company's store merchandise assortment plans. as such, the aging of packaway varies by merchandise category and seasonality of purchase, but typically packaway remains in storage less than six months. packaway inventory accounted for approximately 46%, 49%, and 49% of total inventories as of february 2, 2019, february 3, 2018, and january 28, 2017, respectively. merchandise inventory includes acquisition, processing, and storage costs related to packaway inventory.
included in the carrying value of our merchandise inventory is a provision for shortage. the shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. if actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required.
long-lived assets. we review our long-lived assets for a potential impairment charge when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable based on estimated future cash flows. if analysis of the undiscounted cash flow of an asset group was less than the carrying value of the asset group, an impairment loss would be recognized to write the asset group down to its fair value. if our actual results differ materially from projected results, an impairment charge may be required in the future. in the course of performing our annual analysis, we determined that no long-lived asset impairment charge was required for fiscal 2018, 2017, or 2016.
lease accounting. when a lease contains "rent holidays" or requires fixed escalations of the minimum lease payments, we record rental expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and the difference between the average rental amount charged to expense and the amount payable under the lease is recorded as deferred rent. we begin recording rent expense on the lease possession date. tenant improvement allowances are amortized over the lease term. changes in deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances are included as a component of operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. see "recently issued accounting standards" below.
insurance obligations. we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance for a number of risk management activities, including workers' compensation, general liability, and employee-related health care benefits. our self-insurance and deductible liability is determined actuarially, based on claims filed and an estimate of claims incurred but not reported. should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what is estimated or the costs of medical care increase beyond what was anticipated, our recorded reserves may not be sufficient and additional charges could be required.
income taxes. we account for our uncertain tax positions in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 740. we are required to make assumptions and judgments regarding our income tax exposures. our policy is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to all tax positions in income tax expense. to the extent that accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision in the period that such determination is made.
recently issued accounting standards. we consider the applicability and impact of all asus issued by the fasb. asus not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial results.
in february 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2016-02, leases (topic 842), as amended. the asu requires balance sheet recognition for all leases with lease terms greater than one year including a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. we plan to adopt the new leases standard effective february 3, 2019 using the optional transition method on a modified retrospective basis by recognizing a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and do not plan to restate comparative periods. in addition, we do not plan to elect the transitional package of practical expedients or the use of hindsight upon adoption. upon the adoption of the asu, we do not expect to record a right-of-use asset and related lease liability for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, and plan to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
we are finalizing the expected effect adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements. our current estimate of lease liabilities based on the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments, using discount rates as of the effective date, and the corresponding right-of-use assets, is approximately $2.9 billion. the expected cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings is a decrease of approximately $20 million primarily related to the write-off of previously capitalized initial direct costs that are no longer capitalized under the asu, partially offset by the write-off of the deferred gain on a previous sale-leaseback transaction that meets the sale definition under the asu. we do not believe adoption of this asu will have a significant impact to our consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity, and cash flows.
recently adopted accounting standards. in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (accounting standards codification "asc" 606) which, along with subsequent amendments, supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in "revenue recognition (asc 605)." this guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized and requires entities to recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. we adopted asc 606 as of february 4, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. results for reporting periods beginning on or after february 4, 2018 are presented under asc 606, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with asc 605. upon adoption of asc 606, we recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to increase beginning retained earnings by $20 million as of february 4, 2018, primarily due to the change in the timing of the recognition of stored value card breakage. the impact of applying asc 606 was not material to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended february 2, 2019.
in november 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-18, statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash. asu 2016-18 requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the total beginning and ending amounts on the statement of cash flows. the standard also requires companies who report cash and restricted cash separately on the balance sheet to reconcile those amounts to the statement of cash flows. we adopted asu 2016-18 as of february 4, 2018, using the retrospective method.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718) - improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. asu 2016-09 provides for changes to accounting for stock compensation including 1) excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share based payment awards will be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the reporting period in which they occur (previously such amounts were recognized in additional paid-in capital); 2) excess tax benefits will be classified as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows; and 3) the option to elect to estimate forfeitures or account for them when they occur. the impact of recording excess tax benefits in income taxes in our consolidated statement of earnings may be material, depending upon our future stock price on vest date in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and our future grants of stock-based compensation.
we adopted asu 2016-09 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, and elected to apply this adoption prospectively, except for forfeitures which we adopted on a modified retrospective basis. accordingly, prior periods have not been adjusted. as a result of adoption, for the fiscal year ended february 3, 2018, we recognized $16.3 million of excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments as a reduction to our provision for income taxes. these items were historically recorded in additional paid-in capital. we also presented cash flows related to excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the consolidated statement of cash flows and elected to account for forfeitures as incurred beginning on january 29, 2017. the impact of this accounting policy election for forfeitures was a cumulative-effect adjustment to decrease retained earnings by $1.1 million as of january 29, 2017.
forward-looking statements our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal 2018, and information we provide in our annual report to stockholders, press releases, and other investor communications including those on our corporate website, may contain a number of forward-looking statements regarding, without limitation, planned store growth, new markets, expected sales, projected earnings levels, capital expenditures, and other matters. these forward-looking statements reflect our then current beliefs, projections, and estimates with respect to future events and our projected financial performance, operations, and competitive position. the words "plan," "expect," "target," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "forecast," "projected," "guidance," "looking ahead," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
future economic and industry trends that could potentially impact revenue, profitability, and growth remain difficult to predict. our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements and our previous expectations and projections. refer to item 1a in this annual report on form 10-k for a more complete discussion of risk factors for ross and dd's discounts. the factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change. as a result, any forecasts or forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are given and do not necessarily reflect our outlook at any other point in time. we disclaim any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements.