item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
▪   in march 2018, sempra energy completed the acquisition of an indirect 80.25-percent interest in oncor holdings. in anticipation of the closing, in january 2018, sempra energy completed registered public offerings of its common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), series a preferred stock and long-term debt.
▪   in june 2018, sempra energy's board of directors approved a plan to divest certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s., and all our u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its u.s. operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects, and its interest in a wind generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed. in february 2019, sempra lng &amp; midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners.
▪   in july 2018, sempra energy completed registered public offerings of its common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements) and series b preferred stock.
▪   in october 2018, oncor entered into an agreement to acquire infrareit and its subsidiary, infrareit partners. also in october 2018, sempra energy entered into a separate agreement to acquire a 50-percent economic interest in sharyland holdings, lp. the transactions are expected to close in mid-2019.
▪   in december 2018, polish oil &amp; gas company and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year, subject to final investment decision, among other things.
results of operations in 2018, our earnings increased by approximately $668 million to $924 million and our diluted eps increased by $2.41 per share to $3.42 per share. the change in eps included a decrease of $(0.24) attributable to an increase in the weighted-average common shares outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents, primarily due to the common stock issuances in the first and third quarters of 2018 that we discuss in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2017 compared to 2016, our earnings decreased by $1.1 billion (81%) to $256 million and our diluted eps decreased by $4.45 per share (82%) to $1.01 per share. our earnings and diluted eps were impacted by variances discussed in "segment results" below and by the items included in the table "sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted eps," also below.
sempra texas utility                    371                       -                       -
sempra south american utilities         199                     186                     156
▪   $208 million charge in 2017 for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs, which we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $11 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business, which excludes incremental projects and other balanced capital programs, in 2018, of which $2 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018.
▪   $208 million charge in 2017 for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs; and
▪   $31 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $17 million increase in afudc related to equity.
▪   $21 million unfavorable impact due to lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, of which $4 million relates to the lower federal income tax rate in 2018; and
▪   $22 million in 2018 from impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation compared to $20 million in 2017.
▪   $49 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets; and
▪   $13 million impairment of assets in 2016 related to the southern gas system reliability project (also referred to as the north-south pipeline); offset by
▪   $20 million for aliso canyon litigation reserves.
sempra texas utility earnings of $371 million in 2018 represent equity earnings from our investment in oncor holdings. we discuss the march 2018 acquisition in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra south american utilities the increase in earnings of $13 million (7%) in 2018 was primarily due to $11 million higher earnings from operations mainly from lower cost of purchased power and $6 million due to a gain on the sale of a hydroelectric power plant development project in peru.
▪   $10 million improved operating results at ecogas, mainly due to new rates approved by cre and regulated revenues associated with recovery for revised tariffs; offset by
▪   $22 million lower capitalized financing costs, primarily associated with assets placed in service at the end of the first half of 2017, net of higher equity earnings in 2018 from afudc at the img jv; and
▪   $432 million noncash gain in 2016 associated with the remeasurement of our equity interest in ienova pipelines (formerly known as gdc);
▪   $28 million higher income tax expense in 2017 mainly related to a deferred income tax liability on an outside basis difference in jv investments; and
▪   $28 million higher interest expense, including $19 million at ventika and $8 million at ienova pipelines related to debt assumed in their respective acquisitions; offset by
▪   $71 million impairment in 2017 of the tdm natural gas-fired power plant, net of a $12 million income tax benefit that has been fully reserved, compared to a $111 million impairment in 2016 of such assets;
▪   $8 million tax benefit in 2017 from a reduction to the outside basis deferred income tax liability on our investment in the tdm natural gas-fired power plant, compared to an $8 million tax expense in 2016.
▪   $367 million gain on the sale of all sempra renewables' operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50-percent interest in a wind power generation facility in december 2018, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $192 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $145 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain u.s. wind equity method investments in 2018, as we discuss in notes , and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
▪   $192 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $14 million higher earnings from our solar tax equity investments, including $19 million of higher pretax losses attributed to solar tax equity investors reflected in nci, offset by $7 million associated income taxes.
▪   $665 million net impairment in 2018, including $801 million impairment in the second quarter of 2018, offset by a $136 million reduction to the impairment in the fourth quarter of 2018, of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s., some of which have been classified as held for sale, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $142 million higher income tax expense in 2018, which included $133 million favorable impact in 2017 from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities as a result of the tcja and $9 million unfavorable impact in 2018 to adjust tcja provisional amounts recorded in 2017; and
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds in 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court, of which $28 million related to the charge in 2016 from the permanent release of certain pipeline capacity, as we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; offset by
▪   $24 million higher earnings from midstream activities primarily driven by lower depreciation and amortization as a result of natural gas storage assets held for sale; and
▪   $15 million improved results in 2018 from lng marketing activities.
▪   $133 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities;
▪   $123 million loss in 2016 on permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $40 million improved results in 2017 due to unfavorable results from midstream activities, including lng operations, in 2016;
▪   $11 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express in may 2016.
▪   $65 million impairment of the rbs sempra commodities equity method investment, which we discuss in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $15 million investment losses in 2018 compared to $41 million investment gains in 2017 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of deferred compensation expense associated with these investments.
▪   $1,147 million income tax expense in 2017 compared to a $54 million tax benefit in 2016, primarily due to:
◦   $20 million u.s. income tax benefit in 2016 as a result of a change in planned repatriation of earnings, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," and
◦   $17 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $20 million of costs in 2017 associated with foreign currency derivatives; offset by
▪   $31 million higher investment gains on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments.
adjusted earnings and adjusted eps we prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. however, management may use earnings and eps adjusted to exclude certain items (referred to as adjusted earnings and adjusted eps) internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance and for reporting of results to the board of directors. we may also use adjusted earnings and adjusted eps when communicating our financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. adjusted earnings and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures. because of the significance and/or nature of the excluded items, management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide a meaningful comparison of the performance of business operations to prior and future periods. non-gaap financial measures are supplementary information that should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the table below reconciles sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps to gaap earnings and gaap diluted eps, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)        non-controlling interests                   earnings             dilutedeps year ended december 31, 2018
excluded items:
impairment of investment in rbs sempra commodities                           65                                     -                     -                                            65                  0.24
impairment of non-utility natural gas storage assets                      1,117                                  (452            )        (36                   )                     629                  2.33
impairment of u.s. wind equity method investments                           200                                   (55            )        -                                           145                  0.54
impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation                               1                                                           -                                                                0.08
excluded items:
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset                                      351                                  (143            )        -                                           208                  0.82
aliso canyon litigation reserves                                             20                                     -                     -                                            20                  0.08
deferred income tax benefit associated with tdm                               -                                    (8            )                          3                          (5    )            (0.02     )
recoveries related to 2016 permanent release of pipeline capacity           (47      )                             19                     -                                           (28    )            (0.11     )
excluded items:
remeasurement gain in connection with gdc acquisition                     $(617      )                           $185                     $82                                        (350    )            (1.39     )
permanent release of pipeline capacity                                      206                                   (83            )        -                                           123                  0.49
deferred income tax expense associated with tdm                               -                                     8                     (3                    )                       5                  0.02
(1)   except for adjustments that are solely income tax and tax related to outside basis differences, income taxes were primarily calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates. income taxes associated with tdm were calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate, including translation from historic to current exchange rates. an income tax benefit of $12 million associated with the 2017 tdm impairment has been fully reserved.
for each period in which a non-gaap financial measure is used, we provide in the tables below a reconciliation of sdg&e and socalgas adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)             earnings year ended december 31, 2017
excluded items:
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset   351                       (143                      )            208
excluded item:
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)                 earnings year ended december 31, 2018
excluded item:
impacts associated with aliso canyon litigation           $1                        $
excluded items:
aliso canyon litigation reserves                          20                        -                                      20
excluded item:
changes in revenues, costs and earnings this section contains a discussion of the differences between periods in the specific line items of the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
utilities revenues our utilities revenues include:
▪   sempra south american utilities' chilquinta energía and luz del sur natural gas revenues at:
intercompany revenues included in the separate revenues of each utility are eliminated in the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
▪   permits sdg&amp;e to recover the actual cost incurred to generate or procure electricity based on annual estimates of the cost of electricity supplied to customers. the differences in cost between estimates and actual are recovered in subsequent periods
▪   permits the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers (primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers) to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. however, socalgas' gcim provides socalgas the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for its core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. this mechanism permits full recovery of costs incurred when average purchase costs are within a price range around the benchmark price. any higher costs incurred or savings realized outside this range are shared between the core customers and socalgas. we provide further discussion in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities."
▪   also permits the california utilities to recover certain expenses for programs authorized by the cpuc, or "refundable programs."
because changes in sdg&e's and socalgas' cost of electricity and/or natural gas are substantially recovered in rates, changes in these costs are offset in the changes in revenues, and therefore do not impact earnings. in addition to the changes in cost or market prices, electric or natural gas revenues recorded during a period are impacted by customer billing cycles causing a difference between customer billings and recorded or authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time, resulting in over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts. we discuss balancing accounts and their effects further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below summarizes revenues and cost of sales for our utilities.
utilities revenues and cost of sales
sempra south american utilities                  1,507                   1,486                   1,463
total utilities revenues                       $10,046                  $9,776                  $9,261
sempra south american utilities                    965                     988                   1,001
◦   $32 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, and
◦   $32 million increase in 2018 due to an increase in rates permitted under the attrition mechanism in the 2016 grc fd, offset by
◦   $13 million lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018; and
▪   $21 million increase at sempra south american utilities primarily due to higher rates at luz del sur, offset by lower rates at chilquinta energía. the increase was offset by lower volumes at luz del sur, which were primarily driven by weather and the migration of regulated and non-regulated customers to tolling customers, who pay only a tolling fee.
◦   $52 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $52 million increase due to 2017 attrition, and
◦   $50 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd; and
▪   $23 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $42 million (2%), remaining at $2.3 billion in 2018, primarily due to:
▪   $77 million increase at sdg&amp;e driven primarily by higher gas prices and electricity market costs, partially offset by lower cost of purchased power from renewable sources due to decreased solar and wind production and from lower capacity contract costs; offset by
▪   $23 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to lower volumes at luz del sur and lower prices at chilquinta energía, offset by higher prices at luz del sur.
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $93 million (4%) to $2.3 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $106 million increase at sdg&amp;e, primarily due to an increase in the cost of purchased power due to higher natural gas prices, an increase from the incremental purchase of renewable energy at higher prices and an additional capacity contract; offset by
▪   $13 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
natural gas revenues and cost of natural gas the table below summarizes the average cost of natural gas sold by the california utilities and included in cost of natural gas. the average cost of natural gas sold at each utility is impacted by market prices, as well as transportation, tariff and other charges.
california utilities average cost of natural gas
◦   $160 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $71 million increase due to 2018 attrition,
◦   $19 million decrease in charges in 2018 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd, offset by
◦   $29 million lower cost of capital related to grc base business in 2018, and
◦   $10 million lower net revenues from capital projects, including $60 million decrease for advanced metering infrastructure due to completion of the project, offset by increases of $14 million for psep and $36 million for other capital projects; and
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily due to higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m, and 2018 attrition; offset by
◦   $46 million lower volumes at ecogas primarily as a result of the new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that no longer allow ecogas to sell natural gas to high consumption end users (defined by the cre as customers with annual consumption that exceeds 4,735 mmbtu) and require those end users to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, including sempra mexico's marketing business, offset by
◦   $83 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $57 million increase due to 2017 attrition, and
◦   $49 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $19 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return;
◦   $21 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $16 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are offset in o&amp;m; and
▪   $49 million decrease at sempra mexico primarily associated with the lower revenues at ecogas; and
revenues sempra south american utilities                                   $78                         $81                         $93
sempra south american utilities                                   $18                         $20                         $13
sempra south american utilities                                   $58                         $52                         $69
◦   $84 million from the marketing business, primarily due to new regulations that went into effect on march 1, 2018 that require high consumption end users (previously serviced by ecogas and other natural gas utilities) to procure their natural gas needs from natural gas marketers, including sempra mexico's marketing business, and from higher volumes and gas prices,
▪   $39 million increase from lower intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico; and
◦   $98 million costs associated with indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2018. indemnity payments of $103 million in 2017 were recorded in cost of natural gas, electric fuel and purchased power prior to adoption of asc 606, offset by
◦   $293 million from the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service,
◦   $96 million from the acquisition of ventika in december 2016,
◦   $30 million higher revenues primarily due to higher natural gas prices and customer base in its gas business, and
◦   $51 million primarily from natural gas marketing activities, including an increase in sales of natural gas, and from changes in natural gas prices,
▪   $88 million primarily from higher intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
▪   $102 million at sempra mexico primarily associated with higher revenues from the marketing business as a result of the new regulations that went into effect in 2018. the increase at sempra mexico was also due to higher volumes in 2018 due to the tdm plant outage in 2017; and
▪   $4 million lower intercompany eliminations of costs between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico, including $103 million elimination of indemnity payments made by sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2017 now recorded as a reduction to energy-related business revenues since adoption of asc 606; offset by
▪   $88 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to indemnity payments to sempra mexico in 2017 recorded in revenues in 2018 pursuant to adoption of asc 606.
▪   $52 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas costs and customer base in its gas business; and
▪   $42 million from higher intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses increased by $54 million to $78 million in 2018 primarily due to $57 million in settlement proceeds received by sempra lng & midstream in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty, of which $47 million is related to the charge in 2016 from permanent release of pipeline capacity.
▪   $206 million charge in 2016 related to sempra lng &amp; midstream's permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $18 million capacity costs in 2016 on the rockies express pipeline that have since been permanently released; and
sempra south american utilities         178                   169                   171
(2)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
◦   $160 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs for which costs incurred are recovered in revenue (refundable program expenses), offset by
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017;
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs in 2017 associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to solar and wind assets placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of 2018 and selling costs associated with the sale of assets.
◦   $54 million higher non-refundable operating costs primarily associated with higher safety-related maintenance and inspection activity, as well as other labor, contract services and administrative and support costs, and
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017; and
◦   $33 million lower expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs,
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, offset by
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset in the third quarter of 2017, sdg&e recorded a $351 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs. we discuss this further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment losses in june 2018, sempra lng & midstream recognized a $1.3 billion impairment loss for certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. held for sale, and in december 2018, we reduced the impairment loss to $1.1 billion, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing noncash impairment charges of $71 million in 2017 and $131 million in 2016, as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2016, socalgas recorded a $21 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project.
gain on sale of assets in december 2018, sempra renewables recognized a $513 million gain on the sale of all its operating solar assets, solar and battery storage development projects and its 50-percent interest in a wind power generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed. in 2016, sempra lng & midstream recognized a $130 million gain on the sale of energysouth. we discuss these divestitures in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
remeasurement of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2016, sempra mexico recorded a $617 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of its 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines. we discuss the transaction further in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income, net as part of our central risk management function, we enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge sempra mexico parent's exposure to movements in the mexican peso from its controlling interest in ienova. the gains/losses associated with these derivatives are included in other income, net, as described below, and partially mitigate the transactional effects of foreign currency and inflation included in income taxes and in earnings from sempra mexico's equity method investments. we discuss policies governing our risk management in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below.
▪   $70 million decrease in equity-related afudc mainly from completion of pipeline projects at sempra mexico in 2017;
▪   $16 million higher non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2018, including $10 million at sdg&amp;e and $5 million at socalgas; and
◦   $32 million lower losses in 2018 on a mexican peso-denominated loan to the img jv, which is offset in equity earnings.
in 2017 compared to 2016, other income, net, increased by $95 million (69%) to $233 million and included the following activity:
▪   $52 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
▪   $21 million non-service component of net periodic benefit cost in 2017 compared to a $6 million credit in 2016.
income before income taxes and equity earnings        $1,046                      $1,551                      $1,824
of unconsolidated entities equity (losses) earnings, before income tax(1)          (236      )                   34                           6
(1)   we discuss how we recognize equity earnings in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law. as discussed below, we recorded additional income tax expense of $870 million from the effects of the tcja in 2017, which significantly impacts our following comparisons of income tax expense from 2018 to 2017 and 2017 to 2016.
▪   lower u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate: the tcja reduced the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. generally, we expect the resultant benefit of lower income tax expense at sdg&amp;e and socalgas to be allocated to ratepayers.
▪   deemed repatriation: the tcja imposed a one-time tax for deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries, which we recorded in 2017. under the deemed repatriation provision of the tcja, a u.s. shareholder must include in taxable income its pro-rata share of cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, which were taxed at 15.5 percent on cash or cash equivalents and 8 percent on cumulative other earnings.
▪   territorial tax system: the tcja adopted a territorial system of taxation that replaced the previous worldwide taxation approach. the tcja provides for a 100-percent-dividends-received deduction for foreign source dividends, effectively resulting in no federal income taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings after 2017.
▪   full expensing of depreciable property: property placed in service after september 27, 2017 is generally eligible for full expensing. regulated public utilities, including the california utilities, are not eligible for full expensing after december 31, 2017.
▪   limitation of interest deductions: the tcja limits the deduction for interest expense that exceeds adjusted taxable income as defined in the irc. any disallowed interest expense can be carried forward indefinitely. the california utilities are excepted from this limitation.
▪   executive compensation deduction limitation: the tcja amended the definition of a covered employee and eliminated certain exceptions previously allowed under prior law, limiting the annual deductible compensation expense for a covered employee to $1 million.
▪   nol deductions: u.s. federal nol carryforwards generated in years starting in 2018 are limited to 80 percent of taxable income. the tcja permits new nols to be carried forward indefinitely, but no longer allows any carryback.
we recorded the effects of the tcja in 2017 using our best estimates and the information available to us through the date those financial statements were issued. in 2018, we adjusted our 2017 provisional estimates and completed our accounting for the income tax effects of the tcja as permitted by asu 2018-05, which we describe in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have not recorded deferred income taxes with respect to remaining basis differences of approximately $1 billion between financial statement and income tax investment amounts in our non-u.s. subsidiaries because we consider them to be indefinitely reinvested as of december 31, 2018. it is currently not practicable to determine the hypothetical amount of tax that might be payable if the underlying basis differences were realized. on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we are evaluating the effects of the planned sale on our indefinite reinvestment assertion and expect to record any impacts to our tax provision in the first quarter of 2019.
sempra energy consolidated sempra energy's income tax expense decreased in 2018 due to a lower etr and lower pretax income. pretax income in 2018 was impacted by the impairments at our sempra lng & midstream and sempra renewables segments offset by the gain from the sale of assets at sempra renewables, while the pretax income in 2017 was impacted by the write-off of sdg&e's wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
◦   $688 million related to future repatriation of foreign earnings, including $328 million of u.s. federal income tax expense pertaining to the deemed repatriation tax and $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
▪   $131 million income tax benefit in 2018 resulting from the reduced outside basis difference in sempra lng &amp; midstream as a result of the impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets;
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
▪   $62 million income tax expense in 2017, compared to $38 million income tax benefit in 2016, from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily as a result of fluctuation of the mexican peso in 2017; and
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $33 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $3 million income tax expense in 2016, related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
we report as part of our pretax results the income or loss attributable to nci. however, we do not record income taxes for a portion of this income or loss, as some of our entities with nci are currently treated as partnerships for income tax purposes, and thus we are only liable for income taxes on the portion of the earnings that are allocated to us. our pretax income, however, includes 100 percent of these entities. as our entities with nci grow, and as we may continue to invest in such entities, the impact on our etr may become more significant.
sdg&e sdg&e's income tax expense increased in 2018 due to higher pretax income partially offset by a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after tax) write-off of the wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $19 million lower income tax benefit in 2018 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after tax) write-off of wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $12 million higher income tax benefit in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
▪   $21 million income tax expense in 2018 associated with aliso canyon natural gas storage facility litigation; and
▪   lower income tax benefits from flow-through deductions in 2018.
peruvian tax legislation in december 2016, the peruvian president, through a presidential decree, enacted income tax law changes that became effective on january 1, 2017. among other changes, the new law imposed an increase in the corporate income tax rate from 28 percent in 2016 to 29.5 percent in 2017 and beyond, as well as a decrease in the dividend withholding tax rate from 6.8 percent in 2016 to 5 percent in 2017 and beyond. as a result of the increase to the peruvian corporate income tax rate to 29.5 percent, we remeasured our peruvian deferred income tax balances, resulting in $17 million income tax expense recorded in 2016.
equity earnings equity earnings increased by $100 million to $176 million in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $371 million equity earnings, net of income tax, from our investment in oncor holdings, which we acquired in march 2018; offset by
▪   $200 million other-than-temporary impairment of certain wind equity method investments at sempra renewables that are included in our plan of sale;
▪   $65 million impairment of our rbs sempra commodities equity method investment; and
▪   $16 million lower equity earnings from the img jv at sempra mexico, which includes $32 million lower foreign currency gains in 2018 on its mexican peso-denominated loans from its jv owners, which is fully offset in other income, net.
▪   $64 million equity earnings, net of income tax, in 2016 from ienova pipelines, including $19 million from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; and
▪   $13 million equity losses, net of income tax, in 2017 from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in den in november 2017, compared to $5 million of equity earnings, net of income tax, in 2016, primarily from foreign currency and inflation effects; offset by
▪   $45 million equity earnings, net of income tax, from the img jv, primarily due to afudc equity and foreign currency effects, offset by interest expense; and
▪   $26 million equity losses in 2016 from sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment in rockies express, including a $44 million impairment charge in the first quarter of 2016.
▪   $36 million losses attributable to nci at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2018 due to the net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets; and
▪   $35 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables; offset by
◦   $28 million losses attributable to nci in 2017 from foreign currency and inflation effects without the corresponding benefit from foreign currency derivatives that are not subject to nci compared to $14 million earnings in 2016, offset by
◦   $32 million higher earnings attributable to nci, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, from the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offering in october 2016, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $19 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables in 2017; offset by
transactions with affiliates we provide information about our related party transactions in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations because our operations in south america and our natural gas distribution utility in mexico use their local currency as their functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for the period for consolidation in sempra energy consolidated's results of operations.
foreign currency translation any difference in average exchange rates used for the translation of income statement activity from year to year can cause a variance in sempra energy's comparative results of operations. changes in foreign currency translation rates between years resulted in a negligible impact in 2018 compared to 2017 and $6 million higher earnings at sempra south american utilities in 2017 compared to 2016.
transactional impacts some income statement activities at our foreign operations and their jvs are also impacted by transactional gains and losses, which we discuss below. a summary of these foreign currency transactional gains and losses included in our reported results is as follows:
equity earnings                                176         76                                   84               (15             )       14                                                 23
foreign currency exchange rate and inflation impacts on income taxes and related hedging activity our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated cash balances, receivables, payables and debt (monetary assets and liabilities) that are affected by mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. as a result, fluctuations in both the currency exchange rate for the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar and mexican inflation may expose us to fluctuations in income tax expense, other income, net and equity earnings. we use foreign currency derivatives as a means to manage exposure to the currency exchange rate on our monetary assets and liabilities. however, we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense caused by exchange rate fluctuations and inflation. the derivative activity impacts other income, net.
the income tax expense of our south american subsidiaries is similarly impacted by inflation and currency exchange rate movements related to u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities.
other transactions although the financial statements of most of our mexican subsidiaries and jvs (energía sierra juárez and img) have the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, some transactions may be denominated in the local currency; such transactions are remeasured into u.s. dollars. this remeasurement creates transactional gains and losses that are included in other income, net, for our consolidated subsidiaries and in equity earnings for our jvs (including ienova pipelines until september 26, 2016 and den until november 15, 2017).
certain of our mexican pipeline projects (namely los ramones i at ienova pipelines and los ramones norte within our tag jv) generate revenue based on tariffs that are set by government agencies in mexico, with contracts denominated in mexican pesos that are indexed to the u.s. dollar, adjusted annually for inflation and fluctuation in the exchange rate. the resultant gains and losses from remeasuring the local currency amounts into u.s. dollars and the settlement of foreign currency forwards and swaps related to these contracts are included in revenues: energy-related businesses or equity earnings.
our jvs in chile (eletrans) use the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, but have certain construction commitments that are denominated in clf. eletrans entered into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign currency exchange risk of the clf relative to the u.s. dollar. the forward exchange contracts settle based on anticipated payments to vendors, generally monthly, and ended in 2018, with activity recorded in equity earnings.
capital resources and liquidity overview we expect to meet our cash requirements through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from recent and planned asset sales, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including partnering jvs.
our lines of credit provide liquidity and support commercial paper. as we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra energy, sempra global and the california utilities each have five-year revolving credit facilities expiring in 2020. the table below shows the amount of available funds, including available unused credit on these three credit facilities, at december 31, 2018. our foreign operations had additional general purpose credit facilities aggregating $1.8 billion, with approximately $0.8 billion available unused credit at december 31, 2018.
available unused credit(2)(3)               4,219                            453                     453
(2)   available unused credit is the total available on sempra energy's, sempra global's and the california utilities' credit facilities that we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. borrowings on the shared line of credit at sdg&amp;e and socalgas are limited to $750 million for each utility and a combined total of $1 billion. the available balance at each of the california utilities assumes no additional borrowings by the other.
(3)   because the commercial paper programs are supported by these lines, we reflect the amount of commercial paper outstanding as a reduction to the available unused credit.
sempra energy consolidated we believe that these available funds, combined with cash flows from operations, proceeds from recent and planned asset sales, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including partnering in jvs, will be adequate to fund our current operations, including to:
▪   finance capital expenditures;
▪   meet liquidity requirements;
▪   fund new business or asset acquisitions or start-ups;
▪   fund capital contribution requirements;
▪   fund expenditures related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
sempra energy and the california utilities currently have ready access to the long-term debt markets and are not currently constrained in their ability to borrow at reasonable rates. however, changing economic conditions and our financing activities could negatively affect the availability and cost of both short-term and long-term financing. also, cash flows from operations may be impacted by the timing of commencement and completion of large projects. if cash flows from operations were to be significantly reduced or we were unable to borrow under acceptable terms, we would likely first reduce or postpone discretionary capital expenditures (not related to safety) and investments in new businesses. if these measures were necessary, they would primarily impact our sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream businesses before we would reduce funds necessary for the ongoing needs of our utilities. we used the $1.6 billion in cash proceeds received from sempra renewables' sale to a subsidiary of con ed, which we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, to temporarily pay down commercial paper, pending the close of oncor's and our agreements to purchase infrareit and a 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp, respectively, as described below. we monitor our ability to finance the needs of our operating, investing and financing activities in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
we have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and nuclear decommissioning. changes in asset values, which are dependent on the activity in the equity and fixed income markets, have not affected the trust funds' abilities to make required payments. however, changes in asset values, along with a number of other factors such as changes to discount rates, assumed rates of return, mortality tables, and regulations, may impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt. at the california utilities, funding requirements are generally recoverable in rates.
short-term borrowings we use short-term debt primarily to meet liquidity requirements, fund shareholder dividends, and temporarily finance capital expenditures, acquisitions or start-ups. our corporate short-term, unsecured promissory notes, or commercial paper, were our primary sources of short-term debt funding in 2018. our california utilities use short-term debt primarily to meet working capital needs.
certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted as a result of certain provisions of the tcja and in particular by an anticipated decrease in income tax reimbursement payments to us from sdg&e and socalgas due the reduction in the u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent.
certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may also influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt.
california utilities sdg&e and socalgas expect that the available unused credit described above, cash flows from operations, and debt issuances will continue to be adequate to fund their respective operations. the california utilities manage their capital structure and pay dividends when appropriate and as approved by their respective boards of directors.
sdg&e sdg&e has a tolling agreement to purchase power generated at omec, a 605-mw generating facility. a related agreement provided sdg&e with the option to purchase omec at a predetermined price (referred to as the call option). sdg&e's call option has expired unexercised. under the terms of the agreement, omec llc can require sdg&e to purchase the power plant for $280 million, subject to adjustments, on or before october 3, 2019 (referred to as the put option), or upon earlier termination of the ppa.
in october 2018, sdg&e and omec llc signed a resource adequacy capacity agreement for a term that would commence at the expiration of the current tolling agreement in october 2019 and end in august 2024. the capacity agreement was approved by omec llc's lenders in december 2018, but is contingent upon receiving final and non-appealable approval from the cpuc before the expiration of the put option on april 1, 2019. if a timely final and non-appealable approval of the resource adequacy capacity agreement is received, omec llc will waive its right to exercise the put option and, as a result, sdg&e would no longer consolidate otay mesa vie. sdg&e received cpuc approval of the resource adequacy capacity agreement in february 2019 and the period for appeal expires on march 25, 2019.
socalgas aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak we provide information on the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below, and in "item 1a. risk factors." the costs of defending against the related civil and criminal lawsuits and cooperating with related investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, costs and other penalties, if awarded or imposed, as well as costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. also, higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, which may have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts are significant and may increase, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra texas utility acquisition of oncor holdings as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, on march 9, 2018, sempra energy completed transactions resulting in the acquisition of an indirect ownership of an 80.25-percent interest in oncor for a total purchase price paid of $9.57 billion, including merger consideration of $9.45 billion.
as we discuss in notes 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements, our registered public offerings of common stock (not including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), series a preferred stock and long-term debt completed in january 2018 provided total initial net proceeds of approximately $7.0 billion for partial funding of the merger consideration, of which approximately $800 million was used to pay down commercial paper, pending the closing of the merger.
in march 2018, to fund a portion of the merger consideration, we issued approximately $900 million (net of underwriting discounts) of common equity through settlement of forward sales under the forward sale agreements and raised the remaining portion of the merger consideration through issuances of approximately $2.6 billion in commercial paper, with a weighted-average maturity of 47 days and a weighted-average interest rate of 2.2 percent per annum.
upon closing of the merger, our funding of the total purchase price was comprised of approximately 31 percent equity and approximately 69 percent debt, which does not include shares that have since been settled and that we expect to settle in our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements. we intend to ultimately fund the total purchase price with approximately 65 percent equity and approximately 35 percent debt.
in june 2018, we issued approximately $800 million (net of underwriting discounts) of common equity through settlement of forward sales under the forward sale agreements and used the proceeds from these settlements to repay long-term debt maturing in june 2018 and to repay commercial paper used to fund a portion of the merger consideration.
in july 2018, we raised additional net proceeds of approximately $729 million through sales of $565 million of series b preferred stock and $164 million of common stock (not including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements).
the january 2018 and july 2018 forward sale agreements permit us to elect cash settlement or net share settlement for all or a portion of our obligations under the forward sale agreements. we expect to settle the forward sale agreements entirely by the physical delivery of shares of our common stock in exchange for cash proceeds. as of february 26, 2019, at the initial forward sale price of approximately $105.07 per share in january 2018 and approximately $111.87 per share in july 2018, we expect that the net proceeds from full physical settlement of the remaining forward sale agreements would be approximately $1.8 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting equity issuance costs, and subject to certain adjustments pursuant to the forward sale agreements). assuming physical settlement of all outstanding forward sales agreements, we will have achieved funding the total purchase price with approximately 65 percent equity.
if we do not physically settle all the forward settlement agreements, we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. some of the equity financing subsequent to the merger (including proceeds we receive from the settlement of the remaining portion of our forward sale agreements and from other sales of common stock) may be used to repay indebtedness incurred to finance a portion of the total purchase price. if we were to elect cash settlement or net share settlement, the amount of cash proceeds we receive upon settlement would differ, perhaps substantially, or we may not receive any cash proceeds or we may deliver cash (in an amount which could be significant) or shares of our common stock to the forward purchasers. we expect to settle the remaining portion of the forward sale agreements in one or more settlements no later than december 15, 2019, which is the final settlement date under the agreements.
oncor's business is capital intensive, and it relies on external financing as a significant source of liquidity for its capital requirements. in the past, oncor has financed a substantial portion of its cash needs with the proceeds from indebtedness. in the event that oncor fails to meet its capital requirements, we may be required to make additional investments in oncor, or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional investments in oncor which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. in that regard, our commitments to the puct prohibit us from making loans to oncor. as a result, if oncor requires additional financing and cannot obtain it from other sources, we may be required to make a capital contribution, rather than a loan, to oncor.
commensurate with our ownership interest, we contributed to oncor $230 million in cash in 2018. in 2018, oncor's board of directors declared dividends of $209 million, of which $167 million is oncor holdings' commensurate share. in 2018, oncor holdings distributed the $167 million to sempra energy in the form of dividends of $149 million and tax sharing payments of $18 million.
we provide additional discussion regarding the merger and financing risks below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
on october 18, 2018, sempra energy committed to make a capital contribution to oncor for oncor to fund its acquisition of infrareit, which acquisition we expect will close in mid-2019. we estimate the capital contribution to be $1,025 million, excluding our share of approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition. the capital contribution is contingent on the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the substantially simultaneous closing of the transactions contemplated by the infrareit merger agreement. we discuss these transactions in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "factors influencing future performance."
sempra south american utilities we expect to fund operations at chilquinta energía and luz del sur and dividends at luz del sur with available funds, including credit facilities, funds internally generated by those businesses, issuances of corporate bonds and other external borrowings.
sempra mexico we expect to fund operations and dividends at ienova with available funds, including credit facilities, and funds internally generated by the sempra mexico businesses, as well as funds from ienova's securities issuances, project financing, interim funding from the parent or affiliates, and partnering in jvs.
in 2018, 2017 and 2016, ienova paid dividends of $71 million, $67 million and $26 million, respectively, to its minority shareholders.
ienova's shareholders approved the formation of a fund for ienova to repurchase its own shares of common stock for a maximum amount of $250 million in u.s. dollars in 2018. repurchases shall not exceed ienova's total net profits, including retained earnings, as stated in their 2017 financial statements. in the fourth quarter of 2018, ienova repurchased 2,000,000 shares of its outstanding common stock held by nci for approximately $7 million, resulting in an increase in sempra energy's ownership interest in ienova from 66.4 percent to 66.5 percent. in february 2019, ienova repurchased an additional 1,600,000 shares for approximately $6 million.
sempra renewables as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "factors influencing future performance," on june 25, 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our entire portfolio of u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, its solar and battery storage development projects, and one wind generation facility for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement to sell its remaining wind assets and investments for $551 million, subject to working capital adjustments and customary closing conditions. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019.
sempra lng & midstream on february 7, 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners. sempra lng & midstream received cash proceeds of $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale), which we discuss in "item 1. business" and in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we expect sempra lng & midstream to require funding for the development and expansion of its remaining portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, funding from the parent, project financing and partnering in jvs.
sempra lng & midstream, through its interest in cameron lng jv, is developing a natural gas liquefaction export facility at the cameron lng jv terminal. the majority of the current three-train liquefaction project is project-financed, with most or all of the remainder of the capital requirements to be provided by the project partners, including sempra energy, through equity contributions under the project equity agreements. we expect that our remaining equity requirements to complete the project will be met by a combination of our share of cash generated from each liquefaction train as it comes on line and additional cash contributions. sempra energy signed guarantees for 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the financing agreements for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, the effective date of the jv formation. the guarantees will terminate upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we anticipate that the guarantees will be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
we discuss cameron lng jv and the jv financing further in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
cash flows from operating activities cash provided by operating activities
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy decreased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $43 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2018 compared to a $188 million net decrease in 2017. the $43 million net increase in 2018 primarily includes $142 million of additional accruals, partially offset by $97 million in insurance proceeds received. we discuss the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility leak further in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $198 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2018 compared to 2017, primarily due to higher interest payments in 2018;
▪   $143 million increase in deferred revenue requirement due to the tcja at the california utilities in 2018.
cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.1 billion higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to improved results at our operating segments;
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt at sdg&amp;e in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year; and
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2016;
sdg&e cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $22 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2018 compared to 2017.
cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year;
▪   $23 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016.
socalgas cash provided by operating activities at socalgas decreased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $43 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2018 compared to a $188 million net decrease in 2017. the $43 million net increase in 2018 primarily includes $142 million of additional accruals, partially offset by $97 million in insurance proceeds received;
cash provided by operating activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $135 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016;
▪   $20 million net source of cash due to changes in other current assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to a $38 million net use of cash in 2016; and
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities
sempra energy consolidated cash used in investing activities at sempra energy increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $10.1 billion increase in expenditures for investments and acquisitions, the details of which are included in the "expenditures for investments and acquisitions" table below; offset by
▪   $1.6 billion net proceeds received from the sale of certain of our non-utility u.s. renewables assets, as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $165 million decrease in capital expenditures, the details of which are included in the "expenditures for pp&amp;e" table below.
cash used in investing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion decrease in expenditures for investments and acquisitions; and
▪   $265 million decrease in capital expenditures; offset by
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its 25-percent interest in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years.
sdg&e cash used in investing activities at sdg&e in 2018 was comparable to 2017.
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $156 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years; offset by
socalgas cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2018 primarily due to a $171 million increase in capital expenditures.
cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $48 million increase in capital expenditures.
capital expenditures and investments sempra energy consolidated expenditures for pp&e the following table summarizes capital expenditures for the last three years.
expenditures for pp&amp;e
sempra south american utilities:
construction of natural gas pipeline projects and other capital expenditures                             113                   242                   330
sempra energy consolidated investments and acquisitions the table below presents our investments in various jvs and other businesses.
expenditures for investments and acquisitions(1)
sempra texas utility:
oncor holdings - acquisition                  $9,227                 $-                          $-
oncor holdings - capital contributions           230                 -                           -
sempra south american utilities:
ctng - acquisition                               208                 -                           -
expenditures for wind projects                                       -                                    21
(2)   includes capitalized interest of $47 million in each of 2018, 2017 and 2016 on sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment, as the jv has not commenced planned principal operations.
future construction expenditures and investments the amounts and timing of capital expenditures and certain investments are generally subject to approvals by various regulatory and other governmental and environmental bodies, including the cpuc and the ferc. in 2019, we expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $6.1 billion, as summarized in the following table.
future construction expenditures and investments
sempra texas utility:
oncor holdings - capital contributions                                                                                   1,570
acquisition of 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp.                                                              110
sempra south american utilities:
construction of natural gas pipeline projects and other capital expenditures                                               180
we discuss significant capital projects, planned and in progress, at each of our segments in "factors influencing future performance" below.
over the next five years, 2019 through 2023, and subject to the factors described below which could cause these estimates to vary substantially, sempra energy expects to make aggregate capital expenditures and investments of approximately $13.3 billion at the california utilities and $4.9 billion at its other subsidiaries.
capital expenditure amounts include capitalized interest. at the california utilities, the amounts also include the portion of afudc related to debt, but exclude the portion of afudc related to equity. at sempra mexico the amounts also exclude afudc related to equity. we provide further details about afudc in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
periodically, we review our construction, investment and financing programs and revise them in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, the cost and availability of capital, and safety and environmental requirements. we discuss these considerations in more detail in notes 4, 15 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our level of capital expenditures and investments in the next few years may vary substantially and will depend on the cost and availability of financing, regulatory approvals, changes in u.s. federal tax law and business opportunities providing desirable rates of return. we intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy increased in 2018 primarily due to:
▪   $4.7 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, primarily to fund the acquisition of our investment in oncor holdings in march 2018, as we discuss in notes 5 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, including;
▪   $710 million higher payments of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
▪   $743 million higher payments on debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
▪   $196 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables in 2017 compared to $474 million in 2016;
▪   $1.6 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
sdg&e cash used in financing activities at sdg&e in 2018 increased primarily due to:
▪   $10 million cash used in 2018 associated with otay mesa vie, including:
◦   $65 million capital contribution from omec llc to partially repay the $295 million project financing loan; offset by
cash used in financing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to:
socalgas net cash provided by financing activities at socalgas increased in 2018 primarily due to:
cash provided by financing activities at socalgas decreased in 2017 primarily due to a $499 million issuance of long-term debt in 2016.
december 31,                maturity   interest
amount at issuance           maturity
the california utilities used the proceeds from their issuances of long-term debt to repay commercial paper and for general working capital purposes.
payments           maturity
in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide information about our lines of credit and additional information about debt activity.
capital stock transactions sempra energy cash provided by issuances of common and preferred stock was:
in connection with the 2018 issuances of mandatory convertible preferred stock, we declared $125 million and paid $89 million of preferred stock dividends in 2018. in addition, on february 21, 2019, our board of directors declared quarterly dividends of $1.50 per share on our series a preferred stock and $1.6875 per share on our series b preferred stock, both payable on april 15, 2019. we discuss dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e in 2018, 2017 and 2016, sdg&e paid dividends to enova and enova paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $250 million, $450 million and $175 million, respectively. sdg&e's dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations, and could be impacted over the next few years in order for sdg&e to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
socalgas socalgas declared and paid common stock dividends to pe and pe paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $50 million in 2018. as a result of socalgas' capital investment program of over $1 billion per year, socalgas did not declare or pay common stock dividends in 2017 or 2016. socalgas' common stock dividends in the next few years will be impacted by its ability to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
dividend restrictions the board of directors for each of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas has the discretion to determine the payment and amount of future dividends by each such entity. the cpuc's regulation of sdg&e's and socalgas' capital structures limits the amounts that are available for loans and dividends to sempra energy. at december 31, 2018, based on these regulations, sempra energy could have received loans and dividends of approximately $552 million from sdg&e and $618 million from socalgas.
we provide additional information about dividend restrictions in "restricted net assets" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the increase in 2018 was primarily the result of increases in equity from issuances of common stock, including share-based compensation, partially offset by dividends exceeding comprehensive income. in 2017, the decrease was attributable to dividends in excess of comprehensive income, partially offset by an increase in equity from share-based compensation.
capitalization our debt to capitalization ratio, calculated as total debt as a percentage of total debt and equity, was as follows:
total capitalization and debt-to-capitalization ratios
total capitalization           $44,611                        $12,625                     $7,944
debt-to-capitalization ratio   57              %       52                   %      46                   %
total capitalization           $34,552                        $11,434                     $7,009
debt-to-capitalization ratio   56              %       51                   %      44                   %
(1)   includes otay mesa vie with no significant impact.
significant changes in 2018 that affected capitalization included the following:
▪   sempra energy consolidated: increase in both long-term and short-term debt, issuances of preferred and common stock, offset by a decrease in nci primarily from the sale of our solar tax equity investments.
we provide additional information about these significant changes in notes 1, 5, 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commitments the following tables summarize principal contractual commitments at december 31, 2018 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas. we provide additional information about commitments above and in notes 7, 9,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
principal contractual commitments - sempra energy consolidated
capital leases(2)                                   21                        39                         52                    1,185                   1,297
construction commitments                           396                       129                         46                      115                     686
build-to-suit lease                                 10                        22                         22                      217                     271
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                         6                          6                      105                     120
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(4)                                     238                       564                        561                      923                   2,286
environmental commitments(5)                        14                        22                          2                       22                      60
(2)   present value of net minimum lease payments includes $16 million at sdg&amp;e that will be recorded as finance leases when construction of the battery storage facilities is completed and delivery of contracted power commences.
(3)   sempra lng &amp; midstream has a sale and purchase agreement for the supply of lng to the eca terminal. the commitment amount is calculated using a predetermined formula based on estimated forward prices of the index applicable from 2019 to 2029.
(5)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
principal contractual commitments - sdg&amp;e
capital leases(2)                                   17                      38                        52                   1,181                  1,288
construction commitments                            43                      84                        13                       4                    144
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                       6                         6                     105                    120
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                      40                      94                       120                     209                    463
environmental commitments                            5                       2                         2                      19                     28
(2)   present value of net minimum lease payments includes $16 million that will be recorded as finance leases when construction of the battery storage facilities is completed and delivery of contracted power commences.
principal contractual commitments - socalgas
capital leases                                   3                       -                         -                       -                      3
environmental commitments(2)                     9                      20                         -                       2                     31
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                 119                     368                       367                     596                  1,450
(2)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
▪   employment contracts the tables also exclude income tax liabilities at december 31, 2018 of:
▪   $61 million for socalgas these liabilities relate to uncertain tax positions and were excluded from the tables because we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of future payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. we provide additional information about unrecognized income tax benefits in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have bilateral unsecured standby letter of credit capacity with select lenders that is uncommitted and supported by reimbursement agreements. at december 31, 2018, we had approximately $598 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under these agreements.
sdg&e has entered into ppas which are variable interests. our investments in oncor holdings and cameron lng jv are variable interests. sempra renewables has entered into tax equity arrangements which are variable interests. sempra energy's other businesses may also enter into arrangements which could include variable interests. we discuss variable interests in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
factors influencing future performance sempra energy capital rotation we regularly review our portfolio of assets with a view toward allocating capital to those businesses that we believe can further improve shareholder value. in june 2018, we announced, following a comprehensive strategic review of our businesses and asset portfolio by our board of directors and management over the past year, our intention to sell several energy infrastructure assets, including our entire portfolio of u.s. wind and u.s. solar assets, as well as certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, one wind generation facility, and its solar and battery storage development projects to a subsidiary of con ed for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement to sell its remaining u.s. wind assets to american electric power for $551 million, subject to customary closing adjustments. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019. also in february 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners for $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale). we continue to actively pursue the sale of our remaining u.s. wind assets. we discuss these sales further in notes  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements and below in "sempra renewables" and "sempra lng & midstream." on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses. we expect to complete the sales process by the end of 2019.
shareholder activism from time to time, activist shareholders may take certain actions to advance shareholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors or management. on june 11, 2018, elliott associates, l.p. and elliott international, l.p. (collectively, elliott) and bluescape resources company llc (bluescape) disclosed they were collectively holders of an approximately 4.9-percent economic interest in our outstanding common stock as of such date and delivered a letter and accompanying presentation to our board of directors seeking collaboration with them and management to nominate six new directors identified by elliott and bluescape and establish a committee of the board of directors to conduct portfolio and operational reviews of our business. in september 2018, we announced that we reached an agreement with elliott, bluescape and cove key management, lp that, among other things, added two new board members that were mutually agreed between the parties, and repurposed the board's lng construction and technology committee into the lng and business development committee, which will conduct a comprehensive business review of sempra energy. the new committee is comprised of the three previously existing committee members and the two new board members. we are committed to continued constructive communications with all our shareholders and are available to discuss and evaluate ideas from our shareholders on how to maximize long-term value.
sdg&e sdg&e's operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major capital projects at sdg&e that are pending regulatory resolution.
capital projects pending regulatory resolution - sdg&amp;e project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           estimated capital cost (in millions)                 status electric vehicle charging
§              january 2017 application, pursuant to sb 350, to perform various activities and make investments in support of six priority projects and residential ev charging. in january 2018, received approval for the six priority projects at $20 million. in may 2018, received conditional approval of a scaled down residential ev charging program utilizing capital of $30 million and o&amp;m of $151 million.                                    $20   §             sdg&amp;e will not implement the modified residential ev charging program given the inability to establish an acceptable shareholder incentive mechanism and other necessary terms.
§              january 2018 application, pursuant to sb 350, to make investments to support medium-duty and heavy-duty evs with an estimated implementation cost of $34 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $121   §             application seeking approval of settlement filed in november 2018. a draft decision is expected in the first half of 2019.
§              february 2018 application, pursuant to ab 2868, to make investments to accelerate the widespread deployment of distributed energy storage systems. sdg&amp;e's application requests approval of 100 mw of utility-owned energy storage.                                                                                                                                                                                                        $161   §             a draft decision is expected in the first half of 2019.
the following capital projects that we discussed in our 2017 annual report on form 10-k and/or our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q have been approved by the cpuc:
▪   utility billing and customer information systems software.
ab 327 became law on january 1, 2014 and restores the authority to establish electric residential rates for electric utility companies in california to the cpuc and removes the rate caps established in ab 1x adopted in early 2001 during california's energy crisis and in sb 695 adopted in 2009. additionally, the bill provides the cpuc the authority to adopt a monthly fixed charge for all residential customers. in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that established comprehensive reform and a framework for rates that we believe are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision directed changes beginning in 2015 and provides a path for continued reforms through 2020. the changes also included fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the difference between the tiered rates, similar to the tier differential that existed prior to the 2000-2001 energy crisis, and a transition to tou rates. the decision allows the utilities to seek a fixed charge for residential customers, but sets certain conditions for its implementation, which would be no sooner than 2020 depending on cpuc approval. in december 2018, the cpuc approved sdg&e's request to implement residential default tou rates beginning in 2019. overall, these reforms should result in a rate structure that better aligns rates with the actual cost to serve customers.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing nem program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327. the nem program was originally established in 1995 and is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail-rate for the energy they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds its own energy usage. in addition, if a nem customer generates any electricity over the annual measurement period that exceeds its annual consumption, the customer receives compensation at a rate equal to a wholesale energy price.
sdg&e implemented a successor nem tariff in july 2016, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the original nem program. the successor nem tariff requires nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. these changes to the nem program begin a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers, but sdg&e believes that further reforms are necessary. in a january 2016 decision, the cpuc committed to revisit the nem successor tariff and the adequacy of its nem reforms, and we expect that review will begin in the second half of 2019. as of december 31, 2018, the total nem capacity in sdg&e's service territory totaled 1,023 mw.
further nem reform is necessary to help ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover, from nem customers, the costs incurred in providing grid and energy services, as well as mandated legislative and regulatory public policy programs. sdg&e believes this approach would be preferable to recovering these costs from customers not participating in nem. if nem self-generating installations continue to increase at their present pace, the rate structure adopted by the cpuc could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors."
potential impacts of community choice aggregation and direct access sdg&e provides electric services, including the commodity of electricity, to the majority of its customers ("bundled customers"). sdg&e enters into long-term contracts to procure electricity on behalf of these bundled customers. sdg&e's earnings are "decoupled" from electric sales volumes. one aspect of decoupling is that commodity costs for electricity are directly passed through to bundled customers (see discussion in "revenues from sources other than contracts with customers - utilities regulatory revenues" in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). sdg&e's bundled customers have the option to purchase the commodity of electricity from alternate suppliers under defined programs, including cca and da. in such cases, california law (sb 350) prohibits remaining bundled customers from experiencing any cost increase as a result of departing customers' choice to receive electric commodity from an alternate supplier. under the existing cost allocation mechanism approved by the cpuc, customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb a portion of above-market cost of electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. in october 2018, the cpuc issued a final decision that revises the current pcia framework by adopting several refinements to better ensure ratepayer indifference, as required by law, and directs sdg&e to implement updated pcia rates effective january 1, 2019 using the adopted methodology. the final decision revises the benchmarks used to calculate the pcia and directs the future implementation of an annual true-up mechanism to ensure that ratepayer indifference is maintained. the decision also removes existing restrictions on recovering certain costs through the pcia, including the ability to recover the above-market costs of resources that have been in the utility's portfolio for more than 10 years and certain legacy utility-owned generation resources. we believe these pcia changes should help ensure that cost allocations result in ratepayer indifference and comply with the law. however, further refinements to the pcia may be required to help ensure that the remaining bundled customers do not experience any cost increase as a result of customers departing to cca or da service.
renewable energy procurement sdg&e is subject to the rps program administered by both the cpuc and the cec. in september 2018, sb 100 was signed into law and requires each california utility to procure 50 percent of its annual electric energy requirements from renewable energy sources by 2026, and 60 percent by 2030. sb 100 also creates the policy of meeting all the state of california's retail electricity supply with a mix of rps-eligible and zero-carbon resources by 2045, for a total of 100 percent clean energy. the law also includes stipulations that this policy not increase carbon emissions elsewhere in the western grid and not allow resource shuffling, and requires that the cpuc, cec, carb and other state agencies incorporate this policy into all relevant planning.
the rps program currently contains flexible compliance mechanisms that can be used to comply with or meet the rps program mandates. sdg&e believes it will be able to comply with the rps program requirements, as revised, based on its contracting activity and, if necessary, application of the flexible compliance mechanisms. sdg&e's failure to comply with the rps program requirements could subject it to cpuc-imposed penalties, which could materially adversely affect its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
socalgas socalgas' operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace. socalgas' performance will also depend on the resolution of the legal, regulatory and other matters concerning the leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, which we discuss below, in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors."
the following capital project that we discussed in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q has been approved by the cpuc:
▪   san joaquin valley oir aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility located in los angeles county. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak. in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
▪   local community mitigation efforts;
▪   civil and criminal litigation;
▪   governmental investigations and orders and additional regulation.
cost estimates, accounting impacts and insurance at december 31, 2018, socalgas estimates its costs related to the leak are $1,055 million (the cost estimate), which includes $1,027 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. approximately 54 percent of the cost estimate is for the temporary relocation program (including cleaning costs and certain labor costs). the remaining portion of the cost estimate includes costs incurred to defend litigation, for the root cause analysis being conducted by an independent third party, for efforts to control the well, to mitigate the actual natural gas released, the cost of replacing the lost gas, and other costs, as well as the estimated costs to settle certain actions.
as of december 31, 2018, we recorded the expected recovery of the cost estimate related to the leak of $461 million as insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs on socalgas' and sempra energy's consolidated balance sheets. this amount is net of insurance retentions and $566 million of insurance proceeds we received through december 31, 2018 related to portions of the cost estimate described above, including temporary relocation and associated processing costs, control-of-well expenses, legal costs and lost gas. if we were to conclude that this receivable or a portion of it is no longer probable of recovery from insurers, some or all of this receivable would be charged against earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as described in "civil and criminal litigation" in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the actions seek compensatory, statutory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which, except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the cost estimate as it is not possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs that may be imposed. the recorded amounts above also do not include the costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directives by the dph, future legal costs necessary to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, the cost estimate does not include certain other costs incurred by sempra energy associated with defending against shareholder derivative lawsuits.
excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have at least four kinds of insurance policies that together we estimate provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. we cannot predict all of the potential categories of costs or the total amount of costs that we may incur as a result of the leak. subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions, based on what we know as of the filing date of this report, we believe that our insurance policies collectively should cover the following categories of costs: costs incurred for temporary relocation and associated processing costs (including cleaning costs and certain labor costs), costs to address the leak and stop or reduce emissions, the root cause analysis being conducted to investigate the cause of the leak, the value of lost gas, costs incurred to mitigate the actual natural gas released, costs associated with litigation and claims by nearby residents and businesses, any costs to clean additional homes pursuant to directives by the dph, and, in some circumstances depending on their nature and manner of assessment, fines and penalties. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for these costs, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
as noted above, at december 31, 2018, socalgas' estimate of costs related to the leak of $1,055 million include $1,027 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. costs not included in the $1,055 million cost estimate could be material. if any costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), if there are significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, or if the insurance recoveries are subject to income taxes while the associated costs are not tax deductible, such amounts could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility beginning in october 2015 and, in july 2017, resumed limited injections. the cpuc has issued a series of directives to socalgas establishing the range of working gas to be maintained in the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility to help ensure safety and reliability for the region and just and reasonable rates in california, the most recent of which, issued july 2, 2018, directed socalgas to maintain up to 34 bcf of working gas. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were made in 2018 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were to be permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation in the region could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2018, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility had a net book value of $724 million. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
california utilities - joint matters capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major joint capital projects of the california utilities that are pending regulatory resolution.
joint capital projects pending regulatory resolution - california utilities project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  estimated capital cost(in millions)                     status line 1600 test or replacement project
§                      in september 2018, sdg&amp;e and socalgas submitted a plan to the cpuc to address line 1600 psep requirements by replacing 37 miles of line 1600 predominately in populated areas and testing 13 miles of line 1600 in rural areas.                                                           $671                                  §                 in january 2019, the cpuc approved the proposed plan to address line 1600 psep requirements. cost recovery will be addressed in future grcs.
mobile home park utility upgrade program
§                      may 2017 application filed with the cpuc to convert an additional 20 percent of eligible units to direct utility service, for a total of 30 percent of mobile homes.                                                                                                                                                                §                 in november 2018, the cpuc dismissed the may 2017 application, without prejudice, because the issues are subsumed in a separate oir.
§                      in april 2018, the cpuc opened an oir to evaluate the mobile home park program to convert eligible units to direct utility service and determine if it should be extended beyond the initial three-year pilot to a permanent program, and if extended, to adopt programmatic modifications.   $471 to $508                          §                 a final decision in the oir is expected by the end of 2019.
the leak abatement compliance program that we discussed in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q has been approved by the cpuc. the need for the pipeline safety & reliability project discussed in our 2017 annual report on form 10-k and in our 2018 quarterly reports on form 10-q is met by the line 1600 test or replacement project described above.
natural gas pipeline operations safety assessments in 2011, the california utilities filed plans with the cpuc to implement the cpuc's directives to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines that do not have sufficient documentation of a pressure test and to address retrofitting pipelines to allow for in-line inspection tools and, where appropriate, automated or remote controlled shut-off valves (referred to as psep). in 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' analytical approach to implementing psep, as embodied in an approved decision tree, but did not pre-approve recovery of the costs of implementing psep, because initial cost estimates were too preliminary to form the basis for ratemaking. instead, the cpuc established a process to review the reasonableness of incurred psep costs after-the-fact to determine the amounts that may be recovered from ratepayers. as portions of psep have been completed, actual costs have generally been higher than the preliminary estimates, partially offset by changes in scope that have reduced costs. implementation costs incurred through 2018 are summarized in the table below. over time, as we have completed an increasing number of projects, socalgas and sdg&e achieve greater cost estimate accuracy, as well as efficiencies in executing the project work. cost estimates for work performed in 2017, 2018 and forward reflect the development of more detailed estimates, actual cost experience as portions of the work are completed and additional refinement in scope. in addition, implementation of new regulatory requirements or clarification of existing regulatory requirements in the future could materially impact the cost forecasts.
in 2016, the cpuc issued a final decision authorizing socalgas and sdg&e to recover in rates 50 percent of the balances recorded in psep regulatory accounts as of january 1 each year, subject to refund, pending reasonableness review. the decision also incorporated a forward-looking schedule to file reasonableness review applications in 2016 and 2018, file a forecast application for pre-approval of project costs incurred in 2017 and 2018, and to include psep costs not the subject of prior applications in future grcs. we expect this transition from an after-the-fact reasonableness review framework to pre-approval of psep implementation costs based on cost forecasts to improve the certainty of recovery for psep implementation costs.
in september 2016, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of psep project costs completed through june 2015. the total costs submitted for review are approximately $195 million ($180 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e), including certain costs for which we were not seeking recovery. the cpuc approved a final decision in february 2019 for cost recovery of approximately $187 million ($172 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e) through the psep program.
in march 2017, socalgas and sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting pre-approval of the forecasted revenue requirement associated with twelve psep projects, effective in rates on january 1, 2019. the california utilities expect to incur total costs for the twelve projects of approximately $255 million ($198 million in capital expenditures and $57 million in o&m). we expect a cpuc decision in 2019.
in november 2018, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of completed psep projects totaling $941 million ($811 million at socalgas and $130 million at sdg&e), including certain costs for which we are not seeking recovery. we expect a cpuc decision in 2020.
as shown in the table below, socalgas and sdg&e have made significant pipeline safety investments under the psep program, and socalgas expects to continue making significant investments as approved through various regulatory proceedings. sdg&e's psep program was substantially completed in 2017, with the exception of line 1600, which we discuss in the table above. both utilities have filed joint applications or plan to file future applications with the cpuc for review of the psep project costs as follows:
capital                              $1,680                                   $8                                $1,031                                         $641
capital                              $1,317                                   $8                                  $895                                         $414
capital                                $363                                   $-                                  $136                                         $227
(3)   includes (a) $195 million for completed projects pursuant to the 2016 reasonableness review application filed in september 2016, with a final decision approved in february 2019 for cost recovery; (proposed decision received in december 2018); (b) approximately $45 million of pre-engineering costs to support projects under development, submitted in the forecast application filed in march 2017, with a decision expected in 2019; and (c) $941 million for completed projects pursuant to the 2018 reasonableness review application filed in november 2018, with a decision expected in 2020.
if either socalgas or sdg&e were unable to recover a significant amount of these safety investments from ratepayers, it could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of socalgas, sdg&e and sempra energy.
cpuc general rate case we describe the cpuc grc proceeding in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities - general rate case proceedings." on october 6, 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their 2019 grc applications requesting cpuc approval of test year revenue requirements for 2019 and attrition year adjustments for 2020 through 2022. we discuss the 2019 grc in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the results of the rate case may materially and adversely differ from what is contained in the grc applications.
incentive mechanisms we describe cpuc incentive mechanisms in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - california utilities - incentive mechanisms." incentive awards are included in revenues when we receive final cpuc approval of the award, the timing of which may not be consistent from year to year. we would record penalties for results below the specified benchmarks against revenues when we believe it is probable that the cpuc would assess a penalty.
in march 2017, the cpuc approved the settlement agreements reached with the cal pa and turn regarding the incentive awards for program years 2006 through 2008, wherein the parties agreed that sdg&e and socalgas would offset up to a total of approximately $4 million each against future incentive awards over a three-year period beginning in 2017. if the total incentive awards ultimately authorized for 2017 through 2019 are less than approximately $4 million for either utility, the applicable utility is released from paying any remaining unapplied amount.
natural gas procurement the california utilities procure natural gas on behalf of their core natural gas customers. the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms to allow the california utilities the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for their core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. socalgas procures natural gas for sdg&e's core natural gas customers' requirements. socalgas' gcim is applied on the combined portfolio basis.
in february 2019, the cpuc issued a draft decision approving socalgas' gcim award of $11 million for natural gas procured for its core customers during the 12-month period ended march 31, 2018.
operational incentives the cpuc may establish operational incentives and associated performance benchmarks as part of a grc or cost of service proceeding. in the 2016 grc fd, the cpuc did not establish any operational incentives for socalgas, but established an electric reliability incentive for sdg&e. outcomes could vary from a maximum annual penalty of $8 million to a maximum annual award of $8 million.
on september 21, 2018, the governor of california signed into law sb 901, which includes a number of measures primarily intended to address certain wildfire risks relevant to consumers and utilities and guidelines for the cpuc to determine whether utilities acted reasonably in order to recover costs related to wildfires. among other things, sb 901 also contains provisions for utility issuance of recovery bonds with respect to certain wildfire costs, subject to cpuc approval, wildfire mitigation plans, and creation of a commission to explore establishment of a fund and options for cost socialization with respect to catastrophic wildfires associated with utility infrastructure. the provisions of sb 901 are applicable to 2017 wildfire costs incurred by utilities, if any, and wildfire events occurring on or after january 1, 2019. they do not apply to the wildfires in sdg&e's service territory in 2007.
the cpuc initiated an oir in october 2018 to implement the provisions of sb 901 related to electric utility wildfire mitigation plans. the oir will provide guidance on the form and content of the initial wildfire mitigation plans, provide a venue for review of the initial plans, and develop and refine the content of and process for review and implementation of wildfire mitigation plans to be filed in future years. the electric utilities filed their proposed wildfire mitigation plans in february 2019, and we expect the cpuc will make a decision on the final plans in mid-2019. the scope of the oir is limited to only the wildfire mitigation plans required by sb 901 and does not include cost recovery. pursuant to sb 901, the cpuc shall authorize each utility to establish a memorandum account to track the costs incurred to implement the plan. the costs recorded to the memorandum account shall be incremental to the utility's authorized recovery and reviewed as part of the utility's next grc proceeding.
sb 901 did not change the doctrine of inverse condemnation, which imposes strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire (meaning that the utility may be found liable regardless of fault). in their 2018 ratings actions for sdg&e, which we discuss in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - credit ratings," each of moody's, fitch ratings and s&p indicated that the sdg&e rating downgrades reflected the failure of sb 901 to address the longer-term risks associated with inverse condemnation. without further changes to the law or other reform, we believe that sdg&e is exposed to the potential of material liabilities if a major wildfire were to occur in its service territory and it was determined that its equipment was a cause of the fire.
separately, sb 901, together with draft guidance from the cpuc, also provides that electric and gas corporations, such as
sdg&e and socalgas, shall no longer recover compensation (including salary, bonus, benefits or other consideration paid) of certain senior officers from ratepayers; rather, such compensation shall be a shareholder expense. in december 2018, the cpuc published a resolution ordering memorandum accounts to be established to track such compensation costs.
sempra texas utility acquisition of oncor holdings on march 9, 2018, we completed the acquisition of an indirect, 100-percent interest in oncor holdings, which owns an 80.25-percent interest in oncor, and other efh assets and liabilities unrelated to oncor. as we discuss in "item 1. business," due to ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments in effect following the merger, we are prevented from having the power to direct the significant activities of oncor holdings and oncor. as a result, we account for our 100-percent ownership interest in oncor holdings as an equity method investment, which is included in our newly formed reportable segment, sempra texas utility. certain other assets and liabilities unrelated to oncor acquired in connection with the merger were subsumed within our parent organization. we discuss this merger and the related financing in notes 5, 7,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "capital resources and liquidity."
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all and the merger may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of sempra energy.
pending acquisitions on october 18, 2018, oncor entered into the infrareit merger agreement, whereby oncor has agreed to acquire a 100 percent interest in infrareit and infrareit partners for approximately $1,275 million, plus approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition. in addition, the transaction includes infrareit's outstanding debt, which as of september 30, 2018 was approximately $945 million. also on october 18, 2018, oncor entered into the asset exchange agreement, whereby sdts has agreed to accept and assume certain electricity transmission and distribution-related assets and liabilities of su in exchange for certain sdts assets. immediately prior to completing the exchange, sdts would become a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of infrareit partners.
on october 18, 2018, sempra energy entered into the securities purchase agreement, whereby sempra texas utilities holdings i, llc has agreed to acquire 50 percent of the economic interest in sharyland holdings, lp for approximately $98 million, subject to customary closing adjustments. in connection with and prior to the consummation of the securities purchase agreement, sharyland holdings, lp would own 100 percent of the membership interests in su and su would convert into a limited liability company, expected to be named sharyland utilities, llc. upon consummation of the securities purchase agreement, sempra texas utilities holdings i, llc would indirectly own and account for its 50 percent interest in sharyland utilities, llc as an equity method investment.
consummation of these transactions is subject to the satisfaction of various closing conditions, including the substantially concurrent consummation of these transactions. these transactions also require approval by the puct and the ferc, as well as the satisfaction of other regulatory requirements, approval of the committee on foreign investment in the united states and other customary closing conditions. the acquisition of infrareit was approved by infrareit stockholders on february 7, 2019. we expect that the transactions will close in mid-2019. there can be no assurance that oncor and sempra energy will derive the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions.
oncor intends to fund its acquisition of interests in infrareit from capital contributions from sempra energy and certain indirect equity holders of tti, proportionate to sempra energy's and tti's respective ownership interests in oncor. we plan to fund our approximately $1,025 million share of the contribution to oncor (excluding sempra energy's share of approximately $40 million for a management agreement termination fee, as well as other customary transaction costs incurred by infrareit that would be borne by oncor as part of the acquisition) and purchase the 50-percent interest in sharyland holdings, lp by utilizing a portion of the $1.6 billion of proceeds received from the december 2018 sale of certain sempra renewables assets to a subsidiary of con ed that we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra south american utilities on january 25, 2019, our board of directors approved a plan to sell our south american businesses based on our strategic shift to be geographically focused on north america. we expect to complete the sales process by the end of 2019.
our utilities in south america have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity, and their future performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, foreign currency rate fluctuations and economic conditions. they are also expected to provide earnings from construction projects when completed and from other investments, but will require substantial funding for these investments.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding major projects in process at sempra south american utilities. chilquinta energía's eletrans' projects are being financed by the jv partners during construction, and other financing may be pursued upon project completion. luz del sur is financing its projects through its existing debt program.
capital projects under construction - sempra south american utilities project description                                                                                                                                      our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                    status chilquinta energía - new technical norm project
§                         implementation of new quality of service and operating standards for distribution business.                                                                               $353   §                estimated completion: 2025
§                         50-percent equity interest in jv.
§                         50-percent equity interest in jv.
§                         once in operation, the capitalized cost of the projects will earn a regulated return for 30 years.
acquisition of ctng on december 18, 2018, chilquinta energía acquired a 100-percent interest in ctng through a sales and purchase agreement with aes gener s.a. and its subsidiary sociedad eléctrica angamos s.a. ctng owns regulated transmission assets in the valparaiso, metropolitana and antofagasta regions of chile. the fully operating transmission assets include a 114-mile, 110-kv single-circuit transmission line, an 82-mile, 220-kv double-circuit transmission line, substations and other transmission assets. ctng's regulated revenues are based on tariffs that are set by the cne and are reviewed by the cne every four years. this business acquisition aligns with chilquinta energía's business model of owning and operating regulated transmission and distribution assets. we paid the purchase price of $208 million, net of cash acquired, with available cash on hand at sempra south american utilities. we discuss this acquisition further in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulated rates we describe the ratemaking process in chile and peru in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - sempra south american utilities." we describe rate setting resolutions made in 2018 in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
luz del sur - potential impact from tolling customers luz del sur is an electric distribution utility that provides electric services, including the supply of electricity, to regulated and non-regulated customers. non-regulated customers consist of free and tolling customers. luz del sur supplies electricity to its customers from power purchased from generators under long-term, take-or-pay ppas. a free customer has the option of purchasing electricity directly from luz del sur, while paying fees to luz del sur for generation, transmission (primary and secondary) and distribution services, or choosing to become a tolling customer. a tolling customer purchases electricity from alternative suppliers and pays only a tolling fee to luz del sur for secondary transmission and distribution. to the extent customers have the right to and choose to become tolling customers, luz del sur may be exposed to stranded costs related to capacity charges under its long-term, take-or-pay ppas. we discuss luz del sur's customers and demand in "item 1. business."
sempra mexico capital project updates we summarize major projects in process at sempra mexico below.
capital projects under construction - sempra mexico - gas business project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                   status sur de texas-tuxpan marine pipeline
§                            sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in img, a jv with transcanada, which owns the remaining 60-percent interest.
terminals at port of veracruz, puebla and mexico city
§                            planned storage capacity of 2.1 million barrels.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            §               expected completion of two inland storage terminals: first quarter of 2020
§                            working capacity of 1.4 million barrels of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel to supply the central region of mexico.
§                            ienova will also build and operate two storage terminals located near puebla and mexico city, each with storage capacities of 650,000 barrels.
§                            entered into three, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated terminal services agreements in july 2017 with valero energy for the full capacity of the marine terminal and the two inland storage terminals.
§                            plan to develop, construct and operate a liquid fuels marine storage terminal within the la jovita energy center, located 14 miles north of ensenada, baja california, mexico.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $130   §               estimated completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                            capacity of 1 million barrels of hydrocarbons, primarily gasoline and diesel, to increase fuel supply capacity and reliability in baja california.
§                            fully contracted under two, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated contracts for the receipt, storage and delivery of hydrocarbons with chevron and bp. chevron has the option to acquire 20 percent of the equity of the terminal after commercial operations begin.
§                            storage capacity of 1 million barrels, mainly for diesel and gasoline, to increase fuel supply sources and reliability in sinaloa.
§                            fully contracted under 15-year and 10-year, u.s. dollar-denominated contracts for the receipt, storage and delivery of hydrocarbons with chevron and a subsidiary of marathon petroleum corporation, respectively. the chevron contract has the potential to be extended up to 30 years. the marathon petroleum corporation contract has the potential to be extended indefinitely. chevron has the option to acquire up to 25 percent of the equity of the terminal after commercial operations begin.
capital projects under construction - sempra mexico - gas business (continued)
project description                                                                                                                                                                 our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                     status manzanillo terminal
§                 entered into a long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated agreement with trafigura mexico, s.a. de c.v. for 740,000 barrels of the terminal's initial storage capacity.
§                 estimated storage capacity of 1.48 million barrels, with opportunities for expansion.
§                 51-percent equity interest in jv, with option to increase ownership interest up to 82.5 percent.
capital projects under construction or pending regulatory resolution - sempra mexico -
power business project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            our share of                       status estimated capital cost
§                   awarded 41-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in baja california, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control (centro nacional de control de energía) in september 2016.                                                                                           $50   §                   estimated completion: first quarter of 2019
§                   awarded 100-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in aguascalientes, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control in september 2016.                                                                                                                                   $90   §                   estimated completion: second quarter of 2019
§                   contracted by the cfe under 15-year renewable energy and capacity agreements and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
§                   developing and constructing in collaboration with trina solar, which owns a 10-percent interest in the project. ienova has the option to purchase, and trina solar has the option to sell, trina solar's ownership interest at the end of the construction period, before operations commence.
§                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa in march 2017 to provide renewable energy, clean energy certificates and capacity.
§                   in february 2018, entered into a 15-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with various subsidiaries of el puerto de liverpool, s.a.b. de c.v. for a portion of the capacity.
§                   108-mw wind power generation facility, located in la rumorosa, baja california.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $150   §                   expected completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with sdg&amp;e in november 2017.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      §                   pending ferc approval
sempra mexico continues to monitor cfe project opportunities and carefully analyze cfe bids in order to participate in those that fit its overall growth strategy. there can be no assurance that ienova will be successful in bidding for new cfe projects.
the ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul lng terminal sempra lng & midstream and ienova are developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing regasification terminal at eca. the proposed liquefaction facility project, which we expect will be developed in two phases, is being developed to provide buyers with direct access to west coast lng supplies. eca currently has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial financially than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential eca liquefaction-export project and the potential cameron lng expansion project that we describe below in "sempra lng & midstream - proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion." the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects and provides total s.a. the option to acquire an equity interest in the proposed eca lng liquefaction facility project, though the ultimate participation by total s.a. remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors. the mou does not commit any party to sign a definitive agreement or otherwise participate in the project.
in june 2018, we selected a technipfmc plc and kiewit corporation partnership as the epc contractor for the first phase of the proposed eca lng liquefaction facility project (eca lng phase 1). the technipfmc-kiewit partnership is to perform the engineering, planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for eca lng phase 1. the current arrangement with the technipfmc-kiewit partnership does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project.
in november 2018, sempra lng & midstream and ienova signed heads of agreements with affiliates of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. for eca lng phase 1. we expect eca lng phase 1 to be a single train liquefaction facility located within the existing lng receipt terminal site with a capacity of approximately 2.4 mtpa of lng for export to global markets. each heads of agreement for eca lng phase 1 contemplates the parties negotiating definitive 20-year lng sales and purchase agreements for the purchase of approximately 0.8 mtpa of lng from the eca lng facility, but does not obligate the parties to ultimately execute any agreements or otherwise participate in the project.
the ultimate participation of total s.a., mitsui & co., ltd. and tokyo gas co., ltd. in the potential eca lng project as contemplated by the heads of agreements remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors. the development of the eca lng phase 1 and phase 2 projects is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining binding customer commitments; the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including a definitive epc contract, equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra renewables sempra renewables' performance is primarily a function of the wind (and previously solar) power generated by its assets. power generation from these assets depends on solar and wind resource levels, weather conditions, and sempra renewables' ability to maintain equipment performance.
as we discuss in notes 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in june 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell all our u.s. wind assets and u.s. solar assets, including our wholly and jointly owned operating facilities and projects in development in our sempra renewables reportable segment. in december 2018, sempra renewables completed the sale of all its operating solar assets, its solar and battery storage development projects and one wind generation facility to a subsidiary of con ed for $1.6 billion. in february 2019, sempra renewables entered into an agreement with american electric power to sell its remaining wind assets and investments for $551 million, subject to working capital adjustments and customary closing conditions. we expect to complete the sale in the second quarter of 2019.
because of our expectation of a shorter holding period as a result of this plan of sale, we evaluated the recoverability of the carrying amounts of our wind and solar equity method investments and concluded there was an other-than-temporary impairment on certain of our wind equity method investments totaling $200 million ($145 million after tax), which we recorded in equity earnings in june 2018.
we may be unable to complete the sale of the remaining u.s. renewable assets, in which case we would not realize the anticipated benefits. alternatively, even if completed, any such sale may not result in the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner or at all. further, we could experience unexpected delays, business disruptions resulting from supporting this initiative during and following completion of these activities, decreased productivity, adverse effects on employee morale and employee turnover as a result of such initiative, any of which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
§                         sempra energy contributed cameron lng, llc's existing facilities to cameron lng jv, of which sempra energy indirectly owns 50.2 percent, and construction began in the second half of 2014.   §                 based on a number of factors discussed below, we believe it is reasonable to expect that cameron lng jv will start generating earnings in the middle of 2019.
§                         capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capacity of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day.
§                         authorized to export the full capacity of lng to both fta and non-fta countries.
§                         20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements for full nameplate capacity.
construction on the current three-train liquefaction project began in the second half of 2014 under an epc contract with a jv between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of mcdermott international, inc., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation.
the total cost of the integrated cameron lng jv facility, including the cost of the original facility that was contributed to the project during construction, financing costs and required reserves, was estimated to be approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision.
sempra lng & midstream has agreements totaling 1.45 bcf per day of firm natural gas transportation service to the cameron lng jv facilities on the cameron interstate pipeline with affiliates of total s.a., mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co., ltd. the terms of these agreements are concurrent with the liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements.
sempra energy and the project partners executed project financing documents for senior secured debt in an aggregate principal amount up to $7.4 billion for the purpose of financing the cost of development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project. sempra energy has entered into guarantees under which it has severally guaranteed 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the project financing and financing-related agreements, for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and completion guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, and the guarantees will terminate upon financial completion of the project, which will occur upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we expect the project to achieve financial completion and the completion guarantees to be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor, which would cause further delays.
based on a number of factors, we believe it is reasonable to expect that cameron lng jv will start generating earnings in the middle of 2019. these factors include, among others, the terms of the settlement agreement entered into in december 2017 with the epc contractor to settle certain contractor's claims, the epc contractor's progress to date, the current commissioning activities, the remaining work to be performed, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. for a discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1a. risk factors."
project delays that occurred prior to december 2017 and the terms of the related settlement agreement between cameron lng jv and the epc contractor increased the total estimated cost of the integrated cameron lng facility above the approximately $10 billion estimated cost; however, the estimated increase is expected to be within our contingency associated with the project budget adopted at the time of our final investment decision and is not expected to be material to sempra energy.
proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion cameron lng jv has received the major permits and fta and non-fta approvals necessary to expand the current configuration of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project from the current three liquefaction trains under construction. the proposed expansion project includes up to two additional liquefaction trains, capable of increasing lng production capacity by approximately 9 mtpa to 10 mtpa, and up to two additional full containment lng storage tanks (one of which was permitted with the original three-train project).
under the cameron lng jv financing agreements, expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. discussions among the partners have been taking place regarding how an expansion may be structured. in july 2018, total s.a. acquired engie s.a.'s interest in the cameron lng jv. in november 2018, sempra energy and total s.a. entered into an mou that provides a framework for cooperation for the development of the potential cameron lng expansion project and the potential eca liquefaction-export project that we describe above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal." the mou contemplates total s.a. potentially contracting for up to approximately 9 mtpa of lng offtake across these two development projects, though the ultimate participation of total s.a. remains subject to finalization of definitive agreements, among other factors, and total s.a. has no commitment to participate in the project. we expect that discussions on the potential expansion will continue among all the cameron lng jv members. there can be no assurance that a mutually agreeable expansion structure will be agreed upon unanimously by the cameron lng jv members, which if not accomplished in a timely manner, could materially and adversely impact the development of the expansion project. in light of this, we are unable to predict when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on this expansion project.
the expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including amending the cameron lng jv agreement among the partners, obtaining binding customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, securing and maintaining all necessary permits, approvals and consents, obtaining financing, reaching a final investment decision among the cameron lng jv partners, and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
other lng liquefaction development design, regulatory and commercial activities are ongoing for potential lng liquefaction developments at our port arthur, texas site and at sempra mexico's eca facility. for these development projects, we have met with potential customers and determined there is an interest in long-term contracts for lng supplies beginning in the 2022 to 2025 time frame.
port arthur sempra lng & midstream is developing a proposed natural gas liquefaction project on a greenfield site that it owns in the vicinity of port arthur, texas, located along the sabine-neches waterway.
in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream submitted an application to the ferc for approval of the siting, construction and operation of the port arthur liquefaction facility, along with certain natural gas pipelines that could be used to supply feed gas to the liquefaction facility, assuming the project is completed. on january 31, 2019, the ferc issued the final environmental impact statement for the project. this is the final step in the environmental review process before the ferc can proceed to issue an order approving the project.
in june 2015, sempra lng & midstream filed permit applications with the doe for authorization to export the lng produced from the proposed port arthur project to all current and future non-fta countries. in august 2015, sempra lng & midstream received authorization from the doe to export the lng produced from the proposed project to all current and future fta countries. we expect to receive authorization to export to non-fta countries assuming we receive authorization to construct the port arthur facility from the ferc.
in june 2018, we selected bechtel as the epc contractor for the proposed port arthur liquefaction project. bechtel is to perform the engineering, execution planning and related activities necessary to prepare, negotiate and finalize a definitive epc contract for the project. the current arrangement with bechtel does not commit any party to enter into a definitive epc contract or otherwise participate in the project.
in december 2018, polish oil & gas company (pgnig) and port arthur lng entered into a definitive 20-year agreement for the sale and purchase of 2 mtpa of lng per year. under the agreement, lng purchases by pgnig from port arthur lng will be made on a free-on-board basis, with pgnig responsible for shipping the lng from the port arthur terminal to the final destination. port arthur lng will manage the gas pipeline transportation, liquefaction processing and cargo loading. the agreement is subject to certain conditions precedent, including port arthur lng making a positive final investment decision.
development of the port arthur lng liquefaction project is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining additional customer commitments; completing the required commercial agreements, such as equity acquisition and governance agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply and transportation agreements; completing construction contracts; securing all necessary permits and approvals; obtaining financing and incentives; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul we further discuss sempra lng & midstream's participation in potential lng liquefaction development at sempra mexico's eca facility above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal."
natural gas storage assets as we discuss in notes 5 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in june 2018, our board of directors approved a plan to sell mississippi hub and our 90.9-percent ownership interest in bay gas. on february 7, 2019, sempra lng & midstream completed the sale of its non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast u.s. (comprised of mississippi hub and bay gas) to an affiliate of arclight capital partners. sempra lng & midstream received cash proceeds of $328 million (subject to working capital adjustments and sempra lng & midstream's purchase for $20 million of the 9.1-percent minority interest in bay gas immediately prior to and included as part of the sale). as a result of the impairment charges recorded in 2018, we do not expect to recognize a gain or loss on the sale, which is subject to working capital adjustments, in 2019 because the carrying value of the assets equaled fair value, less costs to sell. at closing, arclight capital partners owns 100 percent of mississippi hub and bay gas.
other sempra energy matters we may be impacted by rapidly changing economic conditions. these conditions may also affect our counterparties. moreover, the dollar may fluctuate significantly compared to some foreign currencies, especially in mexico and south america where we have significant operations. we discuss these matters in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations" above and in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively affect profitability at sempra lng & midstream. also, a reduction in projected global demand for lng could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored lng export initiatives. for a discussion of these risks and other risks involving changing commodity prices, see "item 1a. risk factors."
litigation we describe legal proceedings that could adversely affect our future performance in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates management views certain accounting policies as critical because their application is the most relevant, judgmental, and/or material to our financial position and results of operations, and/or because they require the use of material judgments and estimates.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss choices among alternative accounting policies that are material to our financial statements and information concerning significant estimates with the audit committee of the sempra energy board of directors.
contingencies sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we accrue losses for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain outcomes. for loss contingencies, we accrue the loss if an event has occurred on or before the balance sheet date and:
▪   information available through the date we file our financial statements indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of uncertain future events; and
we do not accrue contingencies that might result in gains. we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation and other events.
regulatory accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas as regulated entities, the california utilities' rates, as set and monitored by regulators, are designed to recover the cost of providing service and provide the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on their investments. the california utilities record regulatory assets, which are generally costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if it is probable that, through the ratemaking process, the utility will recover that asset from customers in future rates. similarly, regulatory liabilities are recorded for amounts recovered in rates in advance or in excess of costs incurred. the california utilities assess probabilities of future rate recovery associated with regulatory account balances at the end of each reporting period and whenever new and/or unusual events occur, such as:
▪   changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position;
to the extent that circumstances associated with regulatory balances change, the regulatory balances are evaluated and adjusted if appropriate.
adverse legislative or regulatory actions could materially impact the amounts of our regulatory assets and liabilities and could materially adversely impact our financial statements. details of the california utilities' regulatory assets and liabilities and additional factors that management considers when assessing probabilities associated with regulatory balances are discussed in notes 1, 4,  and  of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas our income tax expense and related balance sheet amounts involve significant management judgments and estimates. amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. when we evaluate the anticipated resolution of income tax issues, we consider:
▪   positions taken by taxing authorities with other taxpayers with similar issues.
▪   future impacts of various items, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations and rulings;
▪   our financial condition in future periods; and
▪   the resolution of various income tax issues between us and taxing and regulatory authorities.
for an uncertain position to qualify for benefit recognition, the position must have at least a more likely than not chance of being sustained (based on the position's technical merits) upon challenge by the respective authorities. the term more likely than not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if we do not have a more likely than not position with respect to a tax position, then we do not recognize any of the potential tax benefit associated with the position. a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon the effective resolution of the tax position.
unrecognized tax benefits involve management's judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefit being sustained. the final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts and may affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we discuss details of our issues in this area and additional information related to accounting for income taxes, including uncertainty in income taxes, in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
derivatives and hedge accounting sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas we record derivative instruments for which we do not apply a scope exception at fair value on the balance sheet. depending on the purpose for the contract and the applicability of hedge or regulatory accounting, the changes in fair value of derivatives may be recorded in earnings, on the balance sheet, or in oci. we also use the normal purchase or sale exception for certain derivative contracts. whenever possible, we use exchange quoted prices or other third-party pricing to estimate fair values; if no such data is available, we use internally developed models and other techniques. the assumed collectability of derivative assets and receivables considers:
▪   the credit-worthiness of the counterparty.
the application of hedge accounting and normal purchase or sale accounting for certain derivatives is determined on a contract-by-contract basis. significant changes in assumptions in our cash flow hedges, such as the amount and/or timing of forecasted transactions, could cause unrealized gains or losses (mark-to-market) to be reclassified out of aoci to earnings, which may materially impact our results of operations. additionally, changes in assumed physical delivery on contracts for which we elected normal purchase or sale accounting may result in "tainting" of the election, which may (1) preclude us from making this election in future transactions and (2) impact sempra energy's results of operations. any resulting impact on the california utilities' results of operations would not be significant because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to their contracts. we provide details of our derivative instruments and our fair value approaches in notes  and , respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit plans sempra energy, sdg&e, socalgas to measure our pension and other postretirement obligations, costs and liabilities, we rely on several assumptions. we consider current market conditions, including interest rates, in making these assumptions. we review these assumptions annually and update when appropriate.
the critical assumptions used to develop the required estimates include the following key factors:
▪   mortality rates;
▪   utilization of postretirement welfare benefits;
▪   payout elections (lump sum or annuity); and
▪   changing market and economic conditions;
▪   higher or lower withdrawal rates;
▪   more or fewer lump sum versus annuity payout elections made by plan participants; and
these differences, other than those related to the california utilities' plans, where rate recovery offsets the effects of the assumptions on earnings, may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense we record. for plans other than those at the california utilities, the approximate annual effect on earnings of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would be less than $2 million and the effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return on plan assets would be less than $2 million. we provide details of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
asset retirement obligations sempra energy, sdg&e sdg&e's legal aros related to the decommissioning of songs are estimated based on a site-specific study performed no less than every three years. the estimate of the obligations includes:
▪   discount rate based on a credit-adjusted risk-free rate; and
▪   actual decommissioning costs, progress to date and expected duration of decommissioning activities.
changes in the estimated decommissioning costs, or in the assumptions and judgments made by management underlying these estimates, could cause revisions to the estimated total cost associated with retiring the assets. sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning expenses are subject to rate recovery and, therefore, rate-making accounting treatment is applied to sdg&e's nuclear decommissioning activities. sdg&e recognizes a regulatory asset, or liability, to the extent that its songs aro exceeds, or is less than, the amount collected from customers and the amount earned in sdg&e's ndt.
we provide additional detail in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
if an impairment test is required, the fair value of long-lived assets can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. we discuss impairment of long-lived assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of goodwill sempra energy on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, we consider whether goodwill may be impaired. for our annual goodwill impairment testing, we have the option to first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test. if we elect to perform the qualitative assessment, we evaluate relevant events and circumstances, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, changes in key personnel and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. if, after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. when we perform the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to the carrying value. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. we consider observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, if available, as well as an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future revenues and expenses and may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the reporting unit. critical assumptions that affect our estimates of fair value may include:
▪   entity risk.
when we choose to make a qualitative assessment as discussed above, the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test is not required if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or when we choose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, the test requires us to first determine if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and if so, to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. when determining if goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit and goodwill can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. as a result, recognizing a goodwill impairment may or may not be required.
in 2018, we chose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test and determined that the estimated fair values of our reporting units in mexico and south america to which goodwill was allocated were substantially above their carrying values as of october 1, 2018, our goodwill impairment testing date. we discuss goodwill in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
carrying value of equity method investments sempra energy we generally account for investments under the equity method when we have significant influence over, but do not have control of, the investee.
we consider whether the fair value of each equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. to help evaluate whether a decline in fair value below carrying value has occurred and if the decline is other than temporary, we may develop fair value estimates for the investment. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. in the absence of observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, we consider an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis or, with less weighting, the replacement cost of the underlying net assets. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future distributions from the investment, or may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the entity and adjusted for our ownership share total. when calculating estimates of fair or realizable values, we also consider whether we intend to hold or sell the investment. for certain investments, critical assumptions may include:
▪   equity sale offer price for the investment;
▪   the availability and costs of natural gas and lng;
▪   competing fuels (primarily propane) and electricity;
▪   estimated future power generation and associated tax credits; and
in addition, for our indirect investment in oncor, critical assumptions may also include the effects of ratemaking, such as the results of regulator decisions on rates and recovery of regulated investments and costs. the risk assumptions applied by other market participants to value the investments could vary significantly or the appropriate approaches could be weighted differently. these differences could impact whether or not the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, and if so, whether that condition is other than temporary. this could result in an impairment charge or a different amount of impairment charge, and, in cases where an impairment charge has been recorded, additional loss or gain upon sale in the case of a sale transaction.
we provide additional details in notes 6 and 12 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.