The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services and increasing client expectations, and our ability to enhance current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. For example, our ability to provide innovative point-of-sale technology to our merchant clients could have an impact on our merchant acquiring business, and new services and technologies that we develop may be impacted by industry-wide solutions and standards related to tokenization or other safety and security technologies. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards on a timely basis, our ability to remain competitive could be materially adversely affected. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers, and we expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through various means and with increasing sophistication. These incidents could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients, partners or vendors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems, and an operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services, which could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. The operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected, and many of the transactions involving our products and services rely on multiple participants to move funds and communicate information in the transaction chain. To meet rising expectations for convenience and security, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, utilizing data and enhancing the customer experience. In our overview, we provide account processing systems; electronic payments processing products and services; internet and mobile banking systems; merchant transaction processing and acquiring, including the Clover® line of payment solutions and related applications; prepaid and payroll services; and check verification. The First Data segment provides merchant acquiring, e-commerce, mobile commerce and other business solutions at the point-of-sale to businesses of all sizes and types; credit card and loan account processing, commercial payments, customer communications, plastics products and services, customer service and other products to support issuers; and a range of network solutions and security, risk and fraud management products and services to business and financial institution clients, including U.S. debit card processing, our STAR® network, stored value commerce solutions and our suite of security and fraud products and services. The Payments segment provides electronic bill payment and presentment services; internet and mobile banking software and services; account-to-account transfers; person-to-person payment services; debit and credit card processing and services; payments infrastructure services; and other electronic payments software and services, including card and print personalization and fraud and risk management products and services. The Financial segment provides financial institutions with account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. As financial institutions seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace, we anticipate benefiting over the long term from the trend of investment shifting from in-house technology to outsourced solutions and from economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive. Legislative and regulatory initiatives on cybersecurity and data privacy, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act, and proposed U.S. banking agency risk management standards addressing cyber risk governance, management of internal and external dependencies, incident response, cyber resilience and situational awareness, may compel us to enhance or modify our systems, invest in new systems or alter our business practices or our policies on data governance and privacy.