Our risk disclosures emphasize that “our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services and enhance our existing products and services,” and that “rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development and communications infrastructure… characterize the industries in which we compete.” We note that “machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology” and that our Autonomous Data Warehouse Cloud Service “offers automation based on machine learning.” We warn that “there are changes in information technology (IT) trends that we do not adequately anticipate or address with our product development efforts” and that if “we fail to adequately integrate, support or enhance acquired product lines or services” our business may be harmed. Our disclosures describe our Oracle Cloud strategy, including SaaS and IaaS offerings, and caution that “if we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed and our revenues and profitability could decline.” We explain that “customers generally purchase our cloud offerings on a subscription basis” and that as “customer demand for our cloud offerings increases, we experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to the differences in timing of revenue recognition between our cloud license and on-premise license… arrangements.” We also acknowledge that “the integration of [acquired cloud computing companies]… may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated.” In discussing product quality we note that “despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, our cloud, license and hardware offerings sometimes contain coding or manufacturing errors that can impact their function, performance and security.” In addressing our operations we state “we run Oracle’s business operations as well as cloud and other services that we offer to our customers on our products and networks,” and, with respect to data management, that “our products and services, including our Oracle Cloud services, store, retrieve, manipulate and manage our customers’ information and data, external data, as well as our own data.” We underline that “we have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services and the internal and external data that we manage” even as “third parties… attempt to identify and exploit product and service vulnerabilities, penetrate or bypass our security measures.” We recognize “internal IT systems continue to evolve and we are often early adapters of new technologies” although “our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge.” In management’s discussion and analysis we describe that “Oracle provides products and services that address enterprise information technology (IT) environments,” noting that “our products and services include applications and infrastructure offerings delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models, including on-premise deployments, cloud-based deployments, and hybrid deployments,” and that “providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy.” To meet customer demand “we have introduced programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and the related license support to the Oracle Cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle Cloud for their existing workloads.”