The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience disruptions to our business as these measures have, and will continue to have, an effect on our business operations and practices. While many of our offices around the world remain open, we continue to have many of our employees work from home until further notice. If COVID-19 continues to spread or if there are further waves of the virus, we may need to further limit operations or modify our business practices in a manner that may impact our business. We continue to monitor our operations and public health measures implemented by governmental authorities in response to COVID-19. COVID-19 continues to impact the global supply chain causing disruptions to service providers, logistics, and the flow and availability of supplies and products. We have taken efforts to maintain a stable supply of materials to meet our production requirements through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements with some of our suppliers. If we are unable to procure a stable supply of equipment, materials, or substrates at a reasonable cost, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may also assess our product schedules and roadmaps to make any adjustments that may be necessary to support remote working requirements and address the geographic and market demand shifts caused by COVID-19. If the supply of our products to customers is delayed, reduced, or canceled due to disruptions encountered by our third-party manufacturers, back-end manufacturers, warehouses, partners, suppliers, or vendors as a result of facility closures, border and port restrictions or closures, transportation delays, labor shortages, or workforce mobility limitations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes, and internal controls. Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. As we continue to grow our business, the efficiency of our supply chain will become increasingly important because many of our customers tend to have specific requirements for particular products and specific time frames in which they require delivery of these products. Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to various risks associated with our dependence on third-party manufacturers, including limited control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, and price increases. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. We are continuously working on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. However, there can be no assurance that our business and operations will not experience any disruption in connection with this transition. Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal, and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. The political, legal, and economic risks associated with our operations in foreign countries include changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, changes in tax laws, trade protection measures, and import or export licensing requirements.