The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We face intense competition, and our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors across geographies and industries, including physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and greater brand recognition. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks, and we may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, as demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue growth may not be sustainable. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers and attract new customers is critical. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, and failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize our fulfillment network may result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity, service interruptions, and increased costs. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers, and an inability to negotiate acceptable terms could negatively impact our operating results. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches, and we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that could adversely affect our operating results. Our operations are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance, and violations could result in civil and criminal penalties. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and repurchase common stock, which might affect our liquidity requirements. Our business suffers when we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions and investments, which create risks such as disruption of our ongoing business, problems retaining key personnel, and additional operating losses. We are subject to significant inventory risk, and demand for products can change significantly. We are also subject to payments-related risks, including compliance with regulations and fraud. Our effective tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in our business operations and tax laws. The ongoing direct and indirect impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have had varying effects on our results of operations, and it is not possible to determine the duration and scope of these impacts.