The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on the business operations of our company and our customers, partners, manufacturers, suppliers, distribution fulfillment centers, and service depots. We have experienced manufacturing and supply chain disruptions, components shortages, increased component lead times, unpredictability of supply, logistic challenges, and increased costs. Our contract manufacturers have experienced shelter-in-place orders, workforce disruptions, delays, and increased costs for production, transit, and the import and export of products. Similar to our manufacturing facilities, our direct fulfillment centers and service depots continue to operate with varying degrees of government restriction on access, which can materially impact our ability to ship products or provide support services to our customers. We have had to increase our demand planning horizon to address supply chain shortages, combined with increased component lead times and unpredictability of supply, resulting in significant increases to our purchase commitments and component buffer inventories. There is no guarantee that suppliers will meet their commitments or that customers' actual demand will directly match our demand forecasts, which has increased the risk of future excess and obsolete inventory and could negatively impact our gross margins. We have also experienced increased lead times for our products, including longer lead times for component parts, which can increase the risk of order cancellations. Disruptions in logistics impact the movement of components and finished products, and overall increased demand for materials could result in a limited or unpredictable supply of materials and components. The pandemic could limit our ability to add new customers and cause sales disruptions, order cancellations, longer upgrade cycles by customers for network equipment, and overall lower demand for our products and services. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, international trade disputes, and global pandemics could adversely affect our business in various ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, and reduced unit sales. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and industry consolidation may lead to further increased competition, which may harm our business. Our ability to grow our business and future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. If we are unable to anticipate technological changes in our industry by introducing new or enhanced products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may lose our competitive position, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to risks associated with manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. We are susceptible to manufacturing disruptions and supply chain delays, which places significant pressure on supply chain management, manufacturing, inventory, and quality control management. A significant interruption in these critical functions could result in delayed order fulfillment, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.