The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting how we operate our business. We have seen changes in demand for some of our products driven by lower patient starts and visits. However, while the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our revenues, our results of operations have thus far not been significantly impacted. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments such as the ultimate duration and severity of the spread of COVID-19 and any variant strains, the effectiveness and outreach of vaccines, and the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies. Our existing patient support programs are available to help eligible patients who have lost employment and health insurance due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have proactively used mitigation plans to ensure our products reach our markets, clinical sites, and patients over the past months. We recognize this remains a challenging time for everyone, and we know patients may be facing additional hardships. Our manufacturing sites have remained open throughout the pandemic supported by on-site personnel. We are maintaining our steadfast commitment to protecting our workforce, communities, and patients, and ensuring the continued supply of life-saving medicines. We are in the process of integrating a large number of manufacturing, operational, and administrative systems to achieve consistency throughout the combined company, including with respect to human capital management, portfolio rationalization, finance and accounting systems, sales operations, and product distribution. This integration is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. If any difficulties in the integration of our operations were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, including causing a failure to meet demand for our products or adversely affecting our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. We have achieved approximately $2.6 billion of annualized pre-tax cost savings related to the Celgene acquisition plan and are on track to achieve the annualized pre-tax cost savings of approximately $3.0 billion through 2022. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas, including oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular disease, and fibrotic disease. We continue to advance our early-stage portfolio in immunology, cardiovascular, and neuroscience diseases and strengthen our partnerships with a diverse group of companies and academic institutions in new and expanded research activities. We are also unable to predict if and when any changes to laws or regulatory policies will occur and how they will affect our business and particularly our pipeline of new products. Our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner. The future growth of our business is dependent on the market access, uptake, and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions, and co-promotional activities with alliance partners. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies.