The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts are having an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and cash flows. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position, and the achievement of our strategic objectives. Our operations have faced challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety, including site shutdowns, workplace disruptions, and restrictions on the movement of people, raw materials, and goods. We have experienced lower demand and volume for certain products and services, customer requests for payment deferrals, and delays in deliveries, all of which adversely impact our businesses. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by employees contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. The pandemic has subjected our results of operations and financial performance to risks, including operational challenges and increases in prices for certain parts or components required to manufacture our products. We expect that the longer the period of economic and global supply chain disruption continues, the more material the cumulative adverse impact will be on our business operations and financial performance. We continue to focus our efforts on the health and safety of patients, healthcare providers, and employees, while executing our mission of transforming lives through innovative medical solutions. Our global crisis management team has focused on protecting our employees and customers, optimizing our operations, and securing our supply chain. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans, including establishing a medical advisory group for employees and leveraging work-from-home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing. We will continue to monitor our return-to-office strategy based on science and data for the health and safety of our employees. Our restructuring initiatives are intended to support our effort to improve operating performance and meet anticipated market demands by ensuring that we are appropriately structured and resourced to deliver sustainable value to patients and customers. Key activities under the restructuring plan include supply chain network optimization intended to maximize our global manufacturing and distribution network capacity. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from these measures to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. The COVID-19 pandemic has created a highly competitive environment for talent, impacting our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Our ability to manage through these challenges with strategic focus and the winning spirit of our global team remains a priority. We have also faced operational challenges due to staffing shortages within healthcare facilities, which have negatively impacted demand for our products. The uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and its economic consequences may continue to affect our performance, and we anticipate that the ongoing patient reluctance to seek medical attention could have an adverse effect on our net sales. Our strategic initiatives are focused on maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to the evolving market conditions while ensuring the health and safety of our workforce and customers.