We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 86% and 81% of net sales and operating income in 2021, respectively. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 28% of U.S. net sales in 2021. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics or other extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and that business is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise and failure to provide service to our members. The pandemic and any preventative or protective actions that governments or we may take may result in business disruption, reduced member traffic and reduced sales in certain merchandise categories, and increased operating expenses. The pandemic is continuing to impact the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on business activities causing disruption and delay, which have strained certain domestic and international supply chains, and could continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of certain products. Failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response to evolving events around the pandemic, could cause reputational harm to our brand and subject us to lost sales, as well as claims from employees, members, suppliers, regulators or other parties. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.