The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, other key metrics, and the trading price of our common stock. Our ability to maintain and improve business and data governance policies, enhanced processes, and internal security controls, including our ability to escalate and respond to known and potential risks, is crucial for organizational resilience. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and continues to disrupt the supply chain of hardware needed to maintain these third-party systems or to run our business, which affects our and our suppliers' operations. We are also subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital. Significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio, including changes in the valuation of our investments in publicly traded and privately held companies, could negatively impact our financial results. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our co-chief executive officers. The loss of one or more of our key employees or groups of employees could seriously harm our business. We regularly upgrade or replace our various software systems and processes. If the implementations of these new applications are delayed, or if we encounter unforeseen problems with our new systems and processes or in migrating away from our existing systems and processes, our operations and our ability to manage our business could be negatively impacted. We may not be able to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, which could limit our ability to execute our business plan. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our personnel, research and development activities, IT systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Natural disasters or other catastrophic events have in the past and may in the future cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shutoffs or shortages, actual or threatened public health emergencies, and other events beyond our control. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and have in the past materially affected our operating results and cash flows; the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and cash flows remain uncertain. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including our stockholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet, and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that values drive value, and that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance topics will help create long-term value for our investors. Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control.