Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our class A and class C stock. We face intense competition, and if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, requiring us to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our financial condition and operating results. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services. We have experienced and may in the future experience supply shortages and/or price increases that could negatively affect our operations, driven by raw material, component or part availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters or pandemics, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades, natural disasters or pandemics, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, and other attempts to harm or access our systems. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and operating results. We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, enforcement action, and other proceedings, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. We face, and may continue to face, intellectual property and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significant damage awards or other costs, and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. We rely on highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. Our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork, and as our organization grows and evolves, we may need to implement more complex organizational management structures or adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic. The continuing effects of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect on our business, operations, and our future financial performance. We may also experience significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.