Investing in our securities involves risk, and while we attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe to be practicable and reasonable, we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, and the continued global outbreak of COVID-19, which has caused and may further cause disruptions to our business and adversely affect our financial results. We are monitoring developments relating to the global spread of COVID-19 and continuing to assess the potential for adverse impact on our business, including the investment funds we manage and the portfolio companies owned by us and our funds. We have implemented various initiatives intended to reduce the impact of COVID-19, such as mandatory vaccination and/or testing and the ability to work remotely from home, while also seeking to maintain business continuity. The scale and scope of the COVID-19 pandemic may heighten the potential adverse effects on our business, financial performance, and operating results. Many of the adverse ways in which COVID-19 may impact us have already materialized and adversely affected our stock price, our portfolio valuations, and the operations of our businesses and the businesses of our portfolio companies. Adverse conditions may also increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, real assets, credit, and other investments that we manage. Our portfolio companies may have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations or become unable to pay their expenses or other obligations as they become due. Negative financial results in our and our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We face operational risks that may disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, fines, sanctions, or reputational damage. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses. We intend to grow our businesses by increasing AUM in existing businesses, pursuing new investment strategies, and expanding into new geographic markets and businesses. However, these initiatives could create conflicts of interest with existing products, increase our costs, and expose us to new market risks. Our growth strategy involves a number of risks, including the risk that expected synergies from a newly developed product or strategic alliance will not be realized, and the expected results will not be achieved.
Global Atlantic sets its crediting rates based on expected investment returns, policyholder behavior assumptions, and other factors that may be beyond its control. The company expects that overall sales of fixed-rate annuities will continue to be sensitive to changes in pricing, including when compared to pricing on comparable products such as bank certificates of deposit. If consumer preferences for Global Atlantic's products change, its revenues and results of operations may be materially adversely impacted. Gaps in Global Atlantic's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect its business. The company has devoted significant resources to develop its enterprise risk management framework to identify, monitor, and manage financial and non-financial risks effectively, but it cannot guarantee that this framework will allow it to efficiently price, identify, and predict future risks. Developing an effective framework for assessing and managing risks is complex, and no framework or strategy can completely insulate Global Atlantic from all risks. The company may be unable to identify all risks and limit its exposures based on its assessments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that Global Atlantic can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all employees will follow its risk management policies and procedures. The company utilizes models, including its asset-liability cash flow matching platform, to assess risks believed to be applicable to its business. However, it will need to continuously update these models, systems, and its risk management framework based on its business strategy, risk limits, the regulatory and capital environment, and other external and internal factors that may impact its strategy and market environment. Many of its methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior to model or project potential future exposure. These models may not operate properly, or inputs and assumptions may be inaccurate. A lack of controls and processes or failures in such controls and processes with respect to these models may impair their integrity and reliability. If Global Atlantic's processes, analysis, and risk management do not accurately predict and appropriately respond to future risk exposures, such risks could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company is exposed to risks related to natural and man-made disasters, which could adversely affect its business and financial results. Such events could also have an adverse effect on lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies. Global Atlantic's risk management efforts, insurance, and other precautionary plans may not adequately predict or offset the impact of such events on its business. The company’s liquidity and capital requirements are managed by focusing on cash flows before the consolidation of its funds and the effect of changes in short-term assets and liabilities. The overall liquidity framework and cash management approach of its insurance business are based on seeking to build an investment portfolio that is cash flow matched, providing cash inflows from insurance assets that meet expected cash outflows to pay liabilities.