The global COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken in response have adversely impacted our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and may continue to do so depending on future developments, which are uncertain. The pandemic has affected business activity, adversely impacting consumers, our customers, suppliers, and business partners, as well as our workforce. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and may take further actions as required that are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. The complexity of this payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. We believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks. Our enterprise resiliency program analyzes risk, assesses potential impacts, and develops effective response strategies. The risks to our business created by any one new law or regulation are magnified by the potential it has to be replicated in other jurisdictions or involve other products within any particular jurisdiction. Increased regulation and oversight of payments systems, as well as increased exposure to regulation resulting from changes to our products and services, have resulted and may continue to result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our costs. Our ability to compete may also be affected by regulatory and legislative initiatives, as well as the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, and central bank activity. We face disintermediation and related risks, including parties that process our transactions in certain countries trying to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. Our failure to effectively design and deliver these multi-rail solutions and integrated products and services could make our other offerings less desirable to customers or put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our significant contractual indemnification obligations with certain customers expose us to risk of loss or illiquidity. We are exposed to credit and liquidity risk from these customers and certain service providers. The risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions. The expansion of our products and services as part of our multi-rail strategy has created the need for us to obtain new types and increasing numbers of regulatory licenses, resulting in increased supervision and additional compliance burdens distinct from those imposed on our core network activities. We continue to develop integrated and personalized products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, and acquire new companies, which amplifies the impact of these regulations on our business. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, investments in our business, and current and potential obligations. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. The full extent to which the pandemic, and measures and actions taken by stakeholders in response, affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain.