Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The covid-19 pandemic has previously had, and may in the future have, a significant adverse impact on our advertising revenue and exposes our business to other risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement. Our ability to compete effectively and maintain and enhance our brands is critical to expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. We have experienced significant increases in the size and engagement of our active user base across a number of regions as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. However, we have seen these pandemic-related trends subside, and we are unable to predict the impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement with any certainty. We anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities will continue to drive expense growth. Our advertising revenue growth in the second half of 2021 was adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the iOS operating system. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by these limitations and other changes to the regulatory environment. The demand for and pricing of our advertising services may be materially and adversely impacted by the pandemic for the foreseeable future. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, and data protection, which could result in claims, changes to our products and business practices, monetary penalties, or declines in user growth or engagement. We are subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities, which may result in unfavorable outcomes including increased compliance costs and negative publicity. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market these products. We are also continuing to increase our investments in new platforms and technologies, including our efforts related to building the metaverse. Our ability to manage our growth effectively is critical, as we expect headcount growth to continue for the foreseeable future. The growth and expansion of our business create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources. We cannot assure you that we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our competitive position. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively.