Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Negative impacts to our operations may include reductions in production levels, R&D activities, and product development, resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 through measures we have enacted at our locations around the world. Increased costs resulting from our efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 through physical-distancing measures and enhanced cleaning measures may also occur. Disruptions to our manufacturing operations from natural disasters or other events could impact our ability to produce many of our products. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, and other market conditions could result in increasing shortages and higher costs for these items. Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Our operations, and the global supply chain of the technology industry, are subject to a number of risks, including the effects of actions and policies of various governments across our global operations and supply chain. Our international sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks, including export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations and processes, and restrictions on the transfer of funds. The health crisis caused by COVID-19 has adversely affected economic conditions and caused a downturn in the worldwide economy. Downturns in the worldwide economy, including the downturn and subsequent volatility driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected our business in the past. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments is critical. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities, and equipment, and R&D to support future growth and achieve operating efficiencies. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of components used in some of our products and with outsourced semiconductor foundries, assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistic carriers, and other service providers. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive. Our incentives from various governments are conditional upon achieving or maintaining certain performance obligations. We may not realize expected savings or other benefits from our restructure activities and may incur additional restructure charges or other losses in future periods associated with other initiatives. Our inability to comply with customers' responsible sourcing requirements or with any related regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.