If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the various responses to it have created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. The full extent to which the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, operations, and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. Production disruptions can result in additional costs to production, including additional pay to cast and crew. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations, including content production, as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we fail to maintain or establish a positive reputation concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. If we do not grow as expected, our liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business purposes. Our ability to make payments on our debt will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions. We may face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and/or distribute through our service. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content, retaining our existing memberships, and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. We are subject to payment processing risk, and if we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, our card approval rate may be impacted. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices, and if we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted. The need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, as well as difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations, and customs in foreign jurisdictions, could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our corporate culture as well as our systems and operational practices, our business may be adversely affected.