We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations remains uncertain. Our operations have been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. The negative impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic on the broader global economy and related impacts on our customers' business operations and their demand for our products may continue into future fiscal periods. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We may also face increasing competition from open-source software initiatives, which could gain sales opportunities or customers at our expense. We are susceptible to third-party manufacturing and logistics delays, which could result in the loss of sales and customers. We continue to explore additional third-party manufacturing partners to drive supply chain continuity, but finding additional manufacturing sources in a timely and cost-effective manner is difficult. Our periodic workforce restructurings and reorganizations can be disruptive, resulting in increased restructuring costs and temporary reduced productivity while employees adjust to their new roles and responsibilities. We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire enough qualified employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have temporarily closed the majority of our offices and moved our headquarters to Austin, Texas, announcing a modern approach to work that may provide our employees more flexibility. However, this could negatively impact employee productivity and may present risks for our real estate portfolio and strategy. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. Our relationships with channel participants are important elements of our cloud, software, and hardware marketing and sales efforts, and our financial results could be adversely affected if our contracts with channel participants were terminated or if the financial condition or operations of our channel participants were to weaken. We continue to review and consider strategic acquisitions of companies, products, services, and technologies. However, we may face difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets where we have limited prior experience, or retaining key personnel from the acquired companies. Our ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We are also subject to various legal proceedings, which can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations. The results of our litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and an adverse decision could result in monetary damages or injunctive relief that could affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.