Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing global COVID-19 outbreak, which could harm our business and results of operations. The impacts of COVID-19 may exacerbate risks, including economic uncertainty, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We have experienced growth and increased demand for our products and subscriptions, and if we do not effectively manage future growth or improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. The ongoing global economic uncertainty could lead to longer sales cycles and payment terms, which could materially adversely impact our business and overall financial performance. We have taken measures intended to mitigate the spread of the virus and minimize risks to our employees and partners, including transitioning to remote work. However, these precautionary measures could negatively affect our customer success efforts, sales and marketing efforts, and create operational challenges. The COVID-19 situation is fluid and uncertain, and the extent of its impact on our operational and financial performance depends on various factors, including the duration and spread of the virus, actions taken by governmental authorities, and the impact on our end-customers and partners. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and subscriptions may be affected by changes in end-customer requirements or market needs. We face intense competition in our market, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. We rely on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, and if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products will be limited. Our growth strategy is dependent on increasing sales of our products, subscriptions, and support offerings to new and existing medium and large enterprise end-customers, which involves risks such as longer sales cycles and increased purchasing power held by large end-customers. We may also experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls, which could result in increased costs and disrupt existing end-customer relationships. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We are subject to various risks associated with international sales and operations, including political, economic, and social uncertainty, which could harm our future international revenues. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services, and any failure to offer high-quality support could have a material adverse effect on our end-customers' satisfaction and our operating results. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses to extend our capabilities, as we believe that timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. The growth of our business and our success depend on our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction.