Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant societal and economic disruption, resulting in closures of stores, factories, and offices, which have adversely impacted our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Significant risks to our business during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic also include our diminished ability to convert adult smokers to our reduced-risk products, significant volume declines in our duty-free business and certain other key markets, disruptions or delays in our manufacturing and supply chain, including delays and increased costs in the shipment of parts to manufacture our products or for the products themselves, increased currency volatility, and delays in certain cost-saving, transformation, and restructuring initiatives. Our business could also be adversely impacted if key personnel or a significant number of employees or business partners become unavailable due to the COVID-19 outbreak. The significant adverse impact of COVID-19 on the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate could result in changes to the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands. We cannot guarantee that they will remain capable of meeting their commitments, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic; if they will not, the commercialization of our reduced-risk products could be adversely affected. We are continuously evolving our approach to business continuity planning and backups to provide appropriate business resilience, particularly in light of the increasing cyber threat landscape. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, higher tobacco product taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between retail price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products and restricts adult consumer access to truthful and non-misleading information about our reduced-risk products. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience, and skills to achieve our strategic goals. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Significant regulatory developments will continue to take place over the next few years in most of our markets, driven principally by the World Health Organization's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Our financial results could be materially affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate, and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. We discuss risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic below. The impact of these risks also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic in general and specifically in the jurisdictions in which we operate, its recurrence in our key markets, actions taken to contain its spread and to mitigate its public health effects, and the ultimate economic consequences thereof.