Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has required us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, employee retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to buy our products. These conditions could fundamentally impact the way we work and the services we provide, and could have continuing adverse effects on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Prolonged volatility or significant disruption of global financial markets due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital markets and other funding sources on acceptable terms or at all. Our operating results are subject to a number of factors largely outside our control, including disruptions to our supply chain, severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters, and geopolitical events that may temporarily but significantly affect our retail business. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results, as our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions. We may experience a reduction and/or increased volatility in demand for our products, which may be caused by store closures or modified operating hours, reduced customer traffic due to illness, or changes in consumer spending behaviors. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value and potentially trigger boycotts or result in civil or criminal liability. If we are not effective in addressing our social and environmental program goals, consumer trust in our brand may suffer. Our global business strategy relies significantly on a variety of business partners, and if they do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities, it could damage our brand and financial results. We face risks related to food safety, including incidents involving food or beverage-borne illnesses, which could harm our business. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets to achieve our growth targets, and the performance of these operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns. We face risks as a global business that could adversely affect our financial performance, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and changes in economic, legal, regulatory, social, and political conditions. Failure to comply with applicable laws and changing legal and regulatory requirements could harm our business and financial results. The complexity of the regulatory environment is increasing, and failure to comply with various applicable laws and regulations may result in litigation, civil and criminal liability, and increased costs of regulatory compliance. Our ability to realize future cash flows and asset fair values is affected by factors such as ongoing maintenance and improvement of assets, changes in economic conditions, and changes in operating performance. We believe that our significant accounting estimates involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity, especially in light of the current economic environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic.