The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. We may be impacted by macroeconomic conditions resulting from the global COVID-19 pandemic. During 2020, we temporarily suspended operations at each of our manufacturing facilities worldwide, and certain of our suppliers also shut down operations temporarily or permanently. Sustaining our production trajectory will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce, and government cooperation. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed. We may experience delays in launching and ramping the production of our products and features, or we may be unable to control our manufacturing costs. Bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges may arise during our production ramps, and we must address them promptly while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. Our future business depends in large part on increasing the production of mass-market vehicles, which we are planning to achieve through multiple factories worldwide. We must implement, maintain, and ramp efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes, and supply chains. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities. We may face difficulties with deliveries at increasing volumes, particularly in international markets requiring significant transit times. If we experience production delays or inaccurately forecast demand, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be harmed. We may also experience issues with lithium-ion cells or other components manufactured at gigafactory Nevada and gigafactory Shanghai, which may harm the production and profitability of our vehicle and energy storage products. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements and potential supply chain constraints. We are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty, and social, environmental, and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, which may harm our business if we are unable to manage them effectively. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, or health epidemics. If major disasters occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We must maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed. Maintaining such confidence may be challenging due to our limited operating history relative to established competitors and any delays we may experience in scaling manufacturing, delivery, and service operations to meet demand. We are highly dependent on the services of key employees, and the loss of their services could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction, and ramp of our products and services. We may be unable to effectively grow or manage the compliance, residual value, financing, and credit risks related to our various financing programs. Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected, or take longer than expected to become fully functional.