The filing repeatedly acknowledges that a wide range of unpredictable internal and external pressures—from “unforeseen events beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather or natural disasters … travel-related health concerns including pandemics and epidemics … political instability … travel-related accidents” to “changes in immigration policies”—“can disrupt travel, limit the ability or willingness of travelers … or otherwise result in declines in travel demand,” and that “because these events or concerns … are largely unpredictable, they can dramatically and suddenly affect travel behavior … and therefore demand for our services,” underscoring the need for robust business continuity and operational flexibility.  The company warns that “system failures could harm our business” given rapid traffic growth, that “any unscheduled interruption in our service could result in an immediate loss of revenues,” and that “we do not have a completely formalized or comprehensive disaster recovery plan in every geographic region in which we conduct business,” even while maintaining “redundant systems and hosting services.”  It highlights the increasing frequency and sophistication of “cyberattacks,” noting that “any security breach … could significantly harm our reputation and … results of operations,” and that “technical innovation often results in bugs, vulnerabilities and other system failures,” which can “result in lost business, harm to our brand or reputation, consumer complaints and other adverse consequences.”  The report furthermore describes the company’s dependence on third-party systems and personnel, warning that “our current and planned employees, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage this growth,” that failure to “hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required employees” could “limit our growth,” and that “changes in internet search and meta-search algorithms … may be competitively disadvantageous to us,” while evolving data-privacy and regulatory regimes create “significantly greater compliance burdens and costs,” all of which imply an ongoing need to adapt, reconfigure resources, manage risks and maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions.