The ongoing integration process could result in the loss of customers, the disruption of ongoing businesses, inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies, unexpected integration issues, and higher than expected integration costs. A prolonged disruption at, or inability to utilize, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, loss of raw materials, or damage to our manufacturing equipment for any reason, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic, natural or man-made disasters, civil unrest, or other events outside of our control, may disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments, and revenue, and result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these restrictions on our business, but these actions may have direct and indirect adverse impacts on our revenues and results of operations in China and elsewhere. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce, and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. Our future success significantly depends on our ability to execute our business strategy and continue to innovate. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant worldwide uncertainty, volatility, and economic disruption and has impacted our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, those of our respective vendors and suppliers, and the global capital markets. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities, including restrictions on our access to facilities. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows continues to largely depend on future developments, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic. Our reliance on third parties for the supply of raw materials and parts, semiconductor wafer foundry services, assembly and test services, and transportation involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, costs, and supply chain allocations. The markets for semiconductor products are cyclical, and increased production may lead to overcapacity and lower prices. During periods of rapid increases in demand, our available capacity may not be sufficient to satisfy the demand. We may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, locate suitable third-party suppliers, or respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing products or to demand for new products requested by our customers. Our customers typically do not make long-term product purchase commitments, and incorrect forecasts or reductions, cancellations, or delays in orders for our products could adversely affect our operating results. The semiconductor industry has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our business and certain of the end markets we serve are also subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. We face intense competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside of the United States. The competition for key personnel is intense, and the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract, timely hire, and retain key employees with critical technical skills could cause business disruptions and have a material adverse effect on our business.