Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including those that govern the co-employment arrangement between a professional employer organization and its worksite employees, which may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our PEO business. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or funds, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. The severity of the failure or disablement may require us to replace or rebuild the affected systems, applications, or solutions, and we may be unable to do so before it materially adversely affects our business. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. However, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. Nonetheless, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We continue to invest significant resources to modify and enhance our information security and controls and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade, and enhance our policies and procedures. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments, whether it be a global recession or bull market, an international conflict, or global pandemic. We believe businesses, including our clients, serve as a force for progress, and we remain committed to rethinking a better, more personalized world at work to help our clients and their workers achieve their full potential. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. The COVID-19 outbreak created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption. The extent of any such impact depends on developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and scope of the event; the governmental and business actions taken in response thereto; and the impact on economic activity and employment levels. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our customers. However, the ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements or ethical considerations that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data in innovative ways. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept.