The COVID-19 pandemic, and the public and governmental effort to mitigate against the spread of the disease, have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on our clinical trials, operations, manufacturing, supply chains, distribution systems, product development, product sales, business and results of operations. The pandemic has resulted in public and governmental efforts to contain or slow the spread of the disease, including widespread shelter-in-place orders, social distancing interventions, quarantines, travel restrictions and various forms of operational shutdowns. These measures and challenges will likely continue to varying degrees and have significantly reduced patient access to, and administration of, certain of our drugs. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may result in long-term shifts in preferences among healthcare professionals and patients toward treatments that do not require administration by healthcare professionals or visits to medical facilities. As a result of COVID-19, oncology patients, in consultation with their doctors, may be selecting therapies that are less immunosuppressive or therapies that do not require administration in a hospital setting, potentially adversely affecting sales of certain of our products. The COVID-19 pandemic and the volatile global economic conditions stemming from it may precipitate or amplify other risks described, which could materially adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results. The rapid reallocation of resources for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19 and/or disruptions and shortages in the global supply chain caused by the pandemic could also result in increased competition for, or reduced availability of, materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products. We have also experienced challenges in obtaining certain COVID-19-related supplies, including COVID-19 antigen rapid test kits for our staff, as a result of high demand and limited supplies during the Omicron variant surge. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social and governance objectives. Stakeholders, including our investors and employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. If our ESG practices fail to meet these stakeholders' expectations and standards, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and, ultimately, our stock price. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Many of our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. Our suppliers, vendors and business partners also face similar risks, and any disruption to their operations could have an adverse effect on our supply and manufacturing chain. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurances that our efforts will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks and/or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions.