The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Global economic and geopolitical conditions and additional or unforeseen circumstances, developments, or events may give rise to or amplify many of the risks discussed below. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, restrictive governmental actions, and geopolitical events. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations, as demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our revenue growth may not be sustainable. We are not always able to accurately forecast our growth rate, and a significant portion of our expenses and investments is fixed. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical to our performance. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, as failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize our fulfillment network can result in excess or insufficient capacity, service interruptions, and increased costs. We are also subject to risks related to adequately protecting our intellectual property rights and being accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy, as our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted due to events such as natural or human-caused disasters or extreme weather. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. We depend on our senior management and other key personnel, and competition for qualified personnel in the industries in which we operate has historically been intense. Our supplier relationships subject us to a number of risks, including decisions by our current suppliers to limit or stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms. Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks, including disruption of our ongoing business and variability in revenue and income. We face significant inventory risk due to seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, and changes in customer demand. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, and enter into financing obligations, which might affect our liquidity requirements or cause us to secure additional financing. Our effective tax rate is subject to significant variation due to several factors, including variability in our pre-tax and taxable income and loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate.