The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers, while at the same time offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges that may emerge in any single geography. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, and changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies, and other factors beyond the company's control may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company may be negatively impacted by adverse public health developments, including epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments in countries where the company operates could have a material and adverse effect on its business, operations, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. The company has experienced difficulties obtaining certain raw materials and components, and the cost of most of the company's raw materials and components is increasing. The company may not be able to pass along increased raw material or component prices to its customers, and may not be able to procure and obtain sufficient quantities of raw materials and components at acceptable prices from its suppliers. Delays in obtaining supplies may result from a number of factors affecting the company's suppliers, and any delay could impair its ability to deliver products to its customers. The company is subject to cybersecurity incidents affecting its information technology systems, which could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The company has been and expects to continue to be a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including ransomware attacks. The company must comply with complex U.S. governmental export and import controls as well as economic sanctions and trade embargoes. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and services through price increases, productivity improvements, and cost-saving programs. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company has experienced challenges at times following the acquisition of a new company or business, including managing operations, maintaining and increasing the customer base, or retaining key employees, suppliers, and distributors.