Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including adverse global economic conditions, dependence on a small number of customers, and reliance on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain, which may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted normal business activity, impacting our workforce and operations, and those of our customers, contract manufacturers, suppliers, and logistics providers. We have experienced disruptions to parts of our global semiconductor supply chain, including procuring necessary components and inputs in a timely fashion, which has limited our ability to fulfill orders and satisfy customer demand. In response to the pandemic, we have taken extensive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and contractors at our facilities. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations, and failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers could have a material adverse effect on us. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products and damage our reputation with current or prospective customers. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. We are often involved in legal proceedings, including cases involving our IP rights and those of others, which can be costly and time-consuming. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. Our ability to fund our requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under our current indebtedness and any future indebtedness we may incur and to make necessary capital expenditures.