The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Business and economic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations, and difficult conditions in the business and economic environment may materially adversely affect our business. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events. Geopolitical conditions, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather, widespread health emergencies or pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, operational incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. The pandemic and resulting containment measures adversely impacted a significant portion of our network volumes. The global macroeconomic outlook continues to remain uncertain due to a variety of factors, including the emergence of new variants, impacts to the labor market, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. The extent to which our business and results of operations could continue to be adversely affected by the lingering impacts of the pandemic will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments. Our operating results may materially suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. We may not be able to effectively manage these triggering events, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our partners. Our operations, business, customers, and partners could be materially adversely affected by climate change. The physical risks of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels, and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters. Such events and disasters could disrupt our operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which we rely and could result in market volatility or negatively impact our customers' spending behaviors or ability to pay outstanding loans. We need to continually update and enhance our control environment to address operational and compliance risks. Operational and compliance failures, deficiencies in our control environment, or an inability to maintain an ethical workplace and high standards of business conduct can expose us to reputational and legal risks as well as fines, civil money penalties, or payment of damages and can lead to diminished business opportunities and diminished ability to expand key operations. We consider operational risk to be the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or impacts from the external environment. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our risk management policies and procedures, as well as our risk management techniques, may not be fully effective. As regulations, technology, and competition continue to evolve, our risk management framework may not always keep sufficient pace with those changes. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change.