Any of the risks and uncertainties described could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings now and in the future, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls, required rebates, and other discounts, which result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates, and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse. We expect that these market access constraints and pricing controls will become more acute as public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures. Our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs, which presents a high risk that funds invested in research programs will not generate financial returns. We have experienced setbacks and may continue to do so. Our future success is highly dependent on our pipeline of new products, and we cannot predict if and when any changes to laws or regulatory policies will occur and how they will affect our business. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products, and the inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. Our product supply and related patient access have been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted by difficulties, delays, and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our products. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote, and sell our products, and the failure of any critical third party to satisfactorily meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. The covid-19 pandemic affected demand for some of our products driven by lower patient starts and visits, and we would expect any future pandemics to have a similar effect. We cannot predict the full extent of the negative impact that the covid-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We remain committed to maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating and returning capital to shareholders. Our focus is on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases, and we continue to advance the next wave of innovative medicines by investing significantly in our oncology, hematology, immunology, and cardiovascular portfolios. We believe that driving long-term business value is at the heart of living our purpose, from improving access and affordability to advancing inclusion and diversity and health equity in all areas of medicine to supporting a healthy planet in order to sustain lives and communities everywhere. Our environmental, social, and governance strategy is integrated into our company's core strategy, as the opportunities and potential impacts of ESG issues are directly connected to our business.