The global supply chain disruption drove increased manufacturing and supply costs, including inflation on costs of certain raw materials and components, direct labor and freight, as well as inefficiencies in our manufacturing plants due to constraints in material availability. Uncertainty around inflationary pressures, rising interest rates, and monetary policy could potentially cause new, or exacerbate existing, economic challenges that we may face, including the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our results of operations. We expect the impact of macroeconomic and supply chain conditions on our business to be similar to previous years. The global COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts have had, and could in the future have, an adverse effect on our operations, financial performance, and cash flows. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic or a similar health crisis and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position, and the achievement of our strategic objectives. Our operations, financial performance, and cash flows have been, and could in the future continue to be, negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the risks and challenging macroeconomic conditions caused by the pandemic, including disruptions in economic activity, global supply chains, and labor markets. We have taken steps to better understand our readiness, including the resilience of our critical business functions, with the goal of reducing the impact if such an event were to occur. The 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. Key activities under the 2023 restructuring plan will also include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. We expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by various regional and national governments. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are subject to numerous market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to our use of channel partners, go-to-market strategies, geopolitical and economic instability, foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations, competitive product offerings, and local changes in healthcare financing and payment systems. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competencies in order to remain competitive. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. The ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is essential for survival, growth, and flourishing in the current business environment.