The occurrence of a major earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami, or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, pandemics, cyber-attacks, war, terrorist attacks, or other catastrophic events could adversely affect our employees, our systems, our ability to produce and distribute our products, and our reputation. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and customer demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the U.S. and elsewhere, and has led to volatility in customer demand for the company's products and services and caused supply chain disruptions. Current material and component shortages, logistics constraints, and labor inefficiencies have limited and could continue to limit our ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to monitor a variety of external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions, inflationary cost and labor pressures. Areas of particular focus include certain components, transportation, and raw materials. Transportation shortages have resulted in delays and increased costs. In addition, our suppliers are dealing with availability issues and freight delays, which could impact production in our facilities. Contingency plans have been developed and continue to be modified to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We expect to see moderation of price realization and input cost inflation throughout 2023. We anticipate higher pension expense within other income (expense) in 2023, compared to 2022, due to higher interest costs from higher interest rates. The adverse effects of any catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced at the same time as another unexpected and adverse event, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment, lower levels of business confidence, and lower consumer spending. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. We routinely evaluate targets and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, and joint ventures. Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management's time and attention. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. Our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on leading-edge innovation, with respect to both products and operations, and on the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism or violence, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.