Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers rather than through traditional video distribution channels continues to disrupt traditional distribution business models. The increase in direct-to-consumer streaming and other over-the-top service providers, as well as in gaming and virtual reality products and services, has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic conditions in the United States, in Europe, or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services, including advertising, and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined from further use of the intellectual property in question. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We rely on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents could cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts, including degradation or disruption of our network, products, and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property, and disruption of the security of our internal systems. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any of these events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business. We expect that we will continue to experience such incidents in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such incident will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, or results of operations.