Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including economic, political, and geopolitical market conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, and broad trends in the industry and financial markets. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with volatility. However, extreme uncertainties may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lack of available capital. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk for a cyber attack and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in wrongful use of our data or cause interruptions in our operations. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. Our technology, customers, and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the services we provide. We maintain risk management, compliance, and monitoring policies, procedures, and programs designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor, and manage our risks, including enterprise risk, compliance, and internal audit programs. The regulatory environment related to information security, privacy, data collection, and data usage is increasingly rigorous and complex, and any failure to comply may carry significant penalties and reputational damage. Our strategic business plan focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence. Our clearing house's performance guarantee is an important function of our business, as it allows our customers to establish a position with one party and offset the position with another party, providing for collateral and margining efficiencies. We continue to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, and resilience required by our customers. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute, and monitor transactions efficiently and uninterruptedly. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or be shut down, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, and financial losses. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from various causes, and any such failures could impact our trading volumes, impair our reputation, and result in regulatory fines. We depend on third-party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important, and any interruption or cessation of an important supply or service could have a material adverse effect on our business.