Our ability to successfully execute on our energy transition plans is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may be costly to achieve. We must compete for the materials, equipment, services, employees, and other personnel necessary to conduct our business. Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight. The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, labor disputes, geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest, or cyberattacks. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours, and we may not be able to influence the decision-making or outcomes to align with our interests or goals. Our business has been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures put in place to address it negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, reduced global demand for oil and gas, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial and commodity markets. Our business was adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and may be impacted again in the future depending on the scope and severity of current or future outbreaks. Our ability to successfully develop our reserves is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to successfully navigate political and regulatory challenges to obtain and renew rights to develop and produce hydrocarbons; our success at reservoir optimization; our ability to bring long-lead time, capital-intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; and our ability to efficiently and profitably operate mature properties. We believe that this framework, combined with our success in meeting the business objectives set by our triple mandate, represents the most effective way for us to sustainably contribute to society's transition to a low-carbon economy. The energy transition will likely be complex, evolving over multiple decades with many possible pathways and uncertainties. Our climate risk strategy and actions for our oil and gas operations are aligned with the aims of the Paris Agreement while being responsive to shareholder interests for long-term value and competitive returns. Our plan also recognizes the importance of reducing society's end-use emissions to meet global climate goals. As an upstream producer, we do not control how the commodities we sell into global markets are converted into different energy products or selected for use by consumers. We have established our low-carbon technologies organization to identify and evaluate business opportunities that address end-use emissions and early-stage low-carbon technology opportunities that would leverage our existing expertise and adjacencies. Our actions throughout 2022 reinforced our differential value proposition. We executed several activities focused on debt reduction, including early retiring and refinancing some of our debt, which facilitates our ability to achieve our previously announced debt reduction target while also reducing the company's annual cash interest expense.