Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency, or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. The impacts of the continuation or further resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse and potentially material adverse effect on Chevron's financial and operating results. The extent to which the pandemic adversely impacts future financial and operating results depends on several factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond the company's control. In-country conditions, including potential future waves of the COVID-19 virus, could impact logistics and material movement and remain a risk to business continuity. Chevron's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the company's ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks. The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron's operations are subject to liability risks from litigation or government action, and the company produces, transports, refines, and markets potentially hazardous materials. Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. The company's operations can be affected by changing political, regulatory, and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. Legislative or regulatory changes in tax laws may expose Chevron to additional tax liabilities. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact the business, including changes to the portfolio of company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for products, and damage to reputation. The company has announced an aspiration to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050, reflecting its current plans and aspirations, which are subject to numerous risks. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain due to the inability to predict the outcome of political decision-making processes and market conditions.