In addition to compliance with applicable sanctions laws, we are currently limiting the ability of Russian customers to place orders for our offerings unless, after reviewing these orders, we believe they are aligned with our stated objectives in support of Ukraine. We have suspended all activities and purchasing with and through Russian partners and suppliers and have committed to not make any direct or indirect investment in Russia absent an end to this conflict. The associated disruptions in the oil and gas markets have caused, and could continue to cause, significant increases in energy prices, which could have a material effect on our business. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been the result of many global macro-economic factors including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. These macro-economic and other factors could negatively affect our business and financial condition. We continue to address necessary changes in global sanctions laws and modify our processes as necessary in light of these evolving laws. Any power outages, shortages, capacity constraints, or significant increases in the cost of power may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. We rely on third parties, third-party infrastructure, governments, and global suppliers to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our IBX data centers and meet the needs of our current and future customers. Our international operations are sometimes located outside of developed, reliable electricity markets, where we are exposed to some insecurity in supply associated with technical and regulatory problems, as well as transmission constraints. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are in turn supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, but these measures may not always prevent downtime or solve for long-term or large-scale outages. We are currently experiencing inflation and volatility pressures in the energy market globally. Current dislocation in the Singapore power market has resulted in Equinix having to buy power at extremely elevated spot and future rates, and this ongoing price volatility impacted elements of our 2022 financial results and long-term models. We believe we have made appropriate estimates for these costs in our forecasting but the current unpredictable energy market could materially affect our financial forecasting, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX offices remain operational at all times. We continue to invest in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Future events, changing market conditions, and any changes in key assumptions may result in an impairment charge. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. We are dependent upon internet service providers, telecommunications carriers, and other website operators in the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA regions, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. If, for any reason, these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.