We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to technological changes, including enhancing our current products and services and developing new offerings, will significantly affect our future success. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business and may amplify many of our other known risks. The extent of the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition will depend on various uncertain factors, including the duration and intensity of the pandemic and the impact of the pandemic on our employees, clients, vendors, supply chain, operations, and sales. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our systems, and an operational failure that results in an interruption in the availability of our products and services could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. We may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets, and data through our business continuity program. Disruptions of operations of other participants in the global financial system could prevent us from delivering our products and services. We rely on third parties to provide products and services, and if we are unable to obtain such products or services in the future or if these third parties fail to perform these services adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our business has been and may continue to be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process or accounts we service, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The number of financial institutions in the United States has declined at a relatively steady rate, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. We aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world. Our purpose is to deliver superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation, and excellence in everything we do. We are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, and allocating capital in a disciplined manner. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments.