Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our class A and class C stock. We face intense competition and must continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners to remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, requiring us to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our services. We may experience supply shortages, price increases, and longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations. The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are subject to a variety of new, existing, and changing laws and regulations worldwide that could harm our business and will likely be subject to an even broader scope of laws and regulations as we continue to expand. We are cooperating with investigations and defending litigation where appropriate, and various laws, regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have in the past, and may in the future result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral-related civil litigation or other adverse consequences. Our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. We are also making significant investments in safety, security, and review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We may need to implement more complex organizational management structures or adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, and these changes could affect our ability to compete effectively or have an adverse effect on our corporate culture. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our ability to compete effectively and our future success depend on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. The loss of key personnel could harm our business.