We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including operational risks that could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, damage our reputation, and cause losses. Our businesses, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations have been and may in the future be adversely affected by unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, terrorist attacks, extreme weather events, or other natural disasters. The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events could impact our ability to manage our businesses and service our clients. We have implemented business continuity plans to mitigate the risks associated with such disruptions, ensuring that critical functions can continue to operate in the event of a disruption. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets, particularly during periods of market stress. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks, but these complex instruments may not have readily available markets to access in times of liquidity stress. Our operational systems and infrastructure are critical to our functioning, and failures or disruptions could impair our ability to conduct our businesses. We continuously update our systems to support our operations and respond to changes in regulations and markets, investing heavily in systemic controls and training to minimize operational risks. We have established a comprehensive framework for assessing, monitoring, and managing operational risk, which includes regular testing of response and recovery strategies to ensure that we can maintain operational continuity during adverse conditions. Our risk management processes involve identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks, including the establishment of limits and thresholds to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses, and markets. We conduct regular stress tests to quantify our exposure to tail risks and highlight potential loss concentrations. Our approach to risk management is dynamic and forward-looking, reflecting our changing risk profile and business environment. We also monitor our credit exposure to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to fund our assets and meet our contractual and contingent obligations in normal times, as well as during periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines potential responses to liquidity crises, including pre-funding for estimated cash and collateral needs. We recognize that operational resilience is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring our ability to adapt to unexpected situations and environmental perturbations. Our organizational practices emphasize the importance of collaboration and communication across departments to enhance our resilience strategies and mechanisms. We continuously evaluate our operational flexibility and adaptability to ensure that we can respond effectively to external pressures and maintain organizational health. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience and ensure that we can confront and recover from adverse events while sustaining performance and achieving our major objectives.