The company continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. Our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition are subject to the material risks and uncertainties set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. The company has implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of supply chain disruptions, including the development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. The company seeks productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions, and product line rationalizations. The company’s ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The ongoing geopolitical environment and the evolving international and domestic political, regulatory, and economic landscape can impair our flexibility in modifying product, marketing, pricing, or other strategies for growing our businesses, as well as our ability to improve productivity and maintain acceptable operating margins. The company’s operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. The company believes that its policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury. The company has established its initial liability for narco asbestos claims and continues to incur remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination. The company’s ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for survival, growth, and flourishing. The company employs comprehensive controls regarding global cash management to guard against cash or investment loss and to ensure our ability to fund our operations and commitments. The company recognizes liabilities for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The company continually assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in such matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses, based on a careful analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. The company’s operations are also subject to unique risks, including the right of the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience and to conduct audits and investigations of our operations and performance. The company recognizes a liability for any asbestos-related contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The company’s ability to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain operational continuity is essential for its resilience strategies and overall organizational effectiveness.