Risks related to our business downturn in economic environment and client spending budgets could impact the company's business. If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. Failure of innovation initiatives could impact the long-term success of the company. IBM has moved into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, quantum and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. IBM's reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by events such as significant disputes with clients, product defects, internal control deficiencies, delivery failures, cybersecurity incidents, government investigations or legal proceedings. If the company's brand image is tarnished by negative perceptions, its ability to attract and retain customers, talent and ecosystem partners could be impacted. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks. Such transactions may require the company to secure financing and any significant disruption or turmoil in the capital markets could have an adverse effect on IBM's ability to access the capital markets at favorable terms. The company's financial results are difficult to predict, affected by factors such as the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company is a globally integrated entity, operating in over 175 countries worldwide. Changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates could affect the company's business. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes and changes to the ways of working. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. The company depends on skilled employees and could be impacted by a shortage of critical skills. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. If errors, malfunctions, defects or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company is subject to numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including risks originating from intentional acts of criminal hackers and other third parties. Successful cybersecurity attacks could result in unauthorized access to sensitive data, business delays, service or system disruptions, and damage to brand and reputation. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities, and while it continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to and remediate such events, there is no assurance that there will not be cybersecurity incidents that will have a material adverse effect in the future.