Investing in our securities involves risk, and while we attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe practicable and reasonable, we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, fiscal and monetary stimulus, and economic uncertainty. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, which could negatively impact our net income, cash flow, financial condition, and prospects. During periods of difficult market or economic conditions, various companies or assets in which we have investments may experience negative consequences, including decreased revenues and increased costs. Adverse conditions may also increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, real assets, credit, and other investments we manage. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions or events effectively. We recognize that the performance of our funds is impacted by macroeconomic factors, and adverse market conditions may limit our ability to raise capital for new or successor funds on attractive terms. Our fundraising may also be negatively impacted by any change in or rebalancing of fund investors' asset allocation policies. We are subject to increasing focus by our fund investors, stockholders, regulators, and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance matters, which may constrain our capital deployment opportunities. The occurrence of public health crises, such as COVID-19, may adversely impact us and our portfolio companies by threatening our employees' well-being, interrupting business activities, and negatively impacting the economies of affected countries. The impact of a public health crisis may exacerbate other risks discussed in this report. We face operational risks, including those relating to third parties who provide services to us, which may disrupt our businesses and result in losses. Our business continuity or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from a disaster or disruption. Cybersecurity failures and data security breaches may disrupt or have a material adverse impact on our businesses, operations, and investments. We are also dependent on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors for providing many services, and any disruption involving these vendors could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our organizational structure and the reliance on key personnel are critical to our success, and the loss of key personnel could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. We may also face challenges in managing conflicts of interest that arise from our various investment activities. The complexity of our investment strategies and reliance on third-party service providers increase operational risks, which may adversely affect our business continuity and resilience. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and manage risks effectively is essential for maintaining our organizational health and achieving our strategic objectives.
Global Atlantic has devoted significant resources to develop its enterprise risk management framework to identify, monitor, and manage financial and non-financial risks effectively, but cannot guarantee that this framework will allow it to efficiently price, identify, and predict future risks. Gaps in Global Atlantic's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect its business. The ability to consummate reinsurance transactions on acceptable terms is uncertain, and if unable to find or manage profitable growth opportunities, it will be more difficult for Global Atlantic to continue to grow, which could negatively affect its results of operations and financial condition. Global Atlantic's growth strategy includes reinsurance of insurance obligations written by unaffiliated insurance companies, and its ability to consummate these transactions is uncertain. Future growth depends on its ability to continue to offer and sell products that customers find attractive, and competition, particularly with respect to transaction pricing, makes it more difficult to identify transactions with terms that are commercially acceptable. The company faces risks associated with managing reinsured blocks, and if it converts a reinsured block of business to a new system, there could be disruption of servicing for policyholders, leading to customer complaints, regulatory intervention, or other adverse impacts. Global Atlantic's historical growth rates may not be indicative of its future growth, and it may not be able to identify attractive insurance markets or investments with favorable returns. The company is subject to the risk that it may not recover amounts due from reinsurers, and the risk could arise if reinsurers dispute claims or default on obligations. Global Atlantic's ability to grow is dependent on the sufficiency of its capital base to support that growth, and it may need to seek additional capital to manage its growth. The company must invest additional assets as it grows, and if unable to take advantage of investment opportunities and manage its investments and capital, its financial condition could suffer. Future growth will impose added responsibilities on management and introduce additional regulatory complexity. Global Atlantic's insurance operations are subject to various regulations that may restrict its ability to write insurance and reinsurance policies, make certain types of investments, and distribute funds. The company believes it is crucial to establish and maintain good working relationships with regulatory authorities, as failure to do so could materially adversely affect its businesses. Regulatory scrutiny and proposed legislation may impose additional requirements or restrictions on its operations, which could negatively impact its business and financial results. Changes in regulations relating to reserves could adversely impact Global Atlantic's results of operations. The company is also subject to risks associated with business it reinsures and business it cedes to reinsurers, which could cause a material adverse effect on its business. The ability to manage growth effectively is critical, as failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations.