In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. Our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions, including inflation, credit market conditions, increased unemployment, levels of consumer and business confidence, commodity prices and supply, a recession or economic slowdown, trade policies, foreign currency exchange rates, and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, which could reduce our profitability and negatively affect our overall financial performance. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has resulted in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents, reputational risk, heightened risks to employee safety, and business disruptions, including labor shortages. We cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, operations, customers, or business partners or our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. Our ability to maintain or gain share of sales in the global market or in regional or local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. Competitive pressures may cause the company and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our ability to increase prices, as may be necessary in response to commodity and other cost increases. If we do not continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty, and market share while strategically expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. Consequently, we continuously search for productivity opportunities in our business. If we are unable to successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business operations could be adversely affected. The success of our business depends on our company's ability to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce as well as on our success in nurturing a culture that supports our growth and aligns employees around the company's purpose. The unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled employees could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Our ability to achieve our sustainability goals and targets is subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. Our ability to achieve our sustainability goals is dependent on many factors, including our actions along with the actions of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, governments, and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. The company recognizes that it has a role to play in developing and implementing solutions related to sustainability challenges.