We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. Our diverse range of products and services generally makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will affect our business on a long-term basis. However, termination of significant programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. Our ability to grow in key areas such as hypersonics programs and next-generation franchise programs will also be affected by the overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production. We are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience, which could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties. Our business and reputation could be adversely affected if we or those we do business with fail to comply with or adapt to existing or new procurement laws and regulations. We are heavily dependent on suppliers, and if our subcontractors or other suppliers fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected. The failure of our supply chain to comply with regulatory requirements could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. We seek to manage raw materials supply risk through long-term contracts and identifying domestic or allied alternative sources of materials. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products, and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. Our future performance depends on our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly and identify emerging technological trends. We have invested in emerging technologies to keep pace with rapid industry innovation and seek to collaborate with commercial entities that have complementary technologies. The emergence of COVID-19 adversely impacted our operations and our supply chain, and we have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees. We accelerated payments to our suppliers to mitigate supply chain risks and prioritize small businesses. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on various factors, including the effectiveness of vaccines and government actions. Inflation and macroeconomic conditions present risks for our suppliers and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. We are actively engaged in significant classified development programs and expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, and our ability to control costs. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, and we selectively pursue acquisitions and investments that will expand or complement our existing portfolio. We are committed to enhancing our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. The impact of our postretirement benefit plans on our earnings may be volatile, and we expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through pension risk transfer transactions. We are involved in various environmental remediation issues, and the amounts we record do not reflect the fact that we may recover some of the environmental costs we have incurred through insurance or from other responsible parties.