We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of strategic initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity, and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our ability to successfully execute organizational changes, including management transitions within the company's senior leadership, are critical to our business success. If we are unable to hire, train, manage, and retain qualified associates and specialists, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our results of operations could be negatively affected. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as protect against loss or theft of our inventory. Higher rates of shrink can require operational changes that may increase costs. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Disruptions in our supply chain and our fulfillment network for our products due to various factors have affected and may continue to affect our results of operations. The execution of initiatives to transform our supply chain network could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits. Our investments to enhance and expand our supply chain might not provide the anticipated benefits, or might take longer than expected to complete or realize anticipated benefits, or might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Cyber attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years. The increased use of remote work infrastructure has further increased the possible attack surfaces, and we may be exposed to increased risk to the security of our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors. Our systems and our service providers' systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as critical infrastructure outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, catastrophic events, or cyber-attacks. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged for any reason, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations while such breach or damage is being remedied.