In addition to the other information in this annual report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward being more characterized by variability across segments and customers, accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of increasing or declining demand, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. The covid-19 pandemic has impacted and could further impact our ability to meet the demand for our products due to production, sourcing, logistics, and other challenges resulting from quarantines, shelter in place or "stay at home" orders, facility closures, workforce challenges, and travel and logistics restrictions. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Our supply chain has played and will continue to play a key role in our product development, manufacturing operations, field installation, and support. Our business depends on our timely supply of products and services to meet the demand from our customers, which depends significantly on the timely delivery of parts, materials, and services from our direct suppliers. We may also experience significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver or install products or perform services, or to recognize revenue, increased costs, or customer order cancellations as a result of the failure or inability to accurately forecast demand and obtain sufficient quantities of quality parts on a cost-effective basis. The covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our business, operations, and financial results. The potential duration and impact of the pandemic on the global economy and on our business are difficult to predict and cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty, but the pandemic has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets, increases in levels of unemployment, and economic uncertainty, which has adversely impacted our business and may continue to do so. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. Our success in hiring depends on a variety of factors, including the attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs, global economic or political and industry conditions, and our ability to offer a challenging and rewarding work environment. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain, and motivate key employees, we may be unable to capitalize on market opportunities and our operating results may be materially and adversely affected.