Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, which may materially affect actual results and are often outside of our control. We face significant competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior catalyzed by challenging macroeconomic conditions depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully among our premium and discount brands and broaden our product portfolios across price-points and categories, including by bringing to market new and innovative tobacco products that appeal to adult tobacco consumers. We regularly evaluate potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures and investments in third parties. The success of any such transaction is dependent upon our ability to realize the expected benefits of the transaction in the expected time frame or at all. Furthermore, following the completion of a transaction, there may be certain financial, managerial, staffing and operational risks, including diversion of management's attention from existing core businesses and difficulties integrating other businesses into existing operations. Our operating companies face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Current macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability are causing worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains and commercial markets, which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials, ingredients and component parts. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts, and prudent oversight of our liquidity. The increased concern over climate change and other sustainability matters is likely to result in new or additional legal and regulatory requirements intended to reduce or mitigate environmental issues, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. Our safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. Our failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws could materially adversely affect our business. We cannot predict the outcome of any litigation proceedings or governmental investigations, and unfavorable outcomes in any such proceedings or investigations could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. High rates of inflation could continue to impact our business by negatively impacting adult tobacco consumers' disposable income and future purchase behaviors. We expect inflation to continue at increased levels, and the extent of any effects on adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors depends in part on the magnitude and duration of such increased inflation levels. We will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision as trends and developments evolve.