Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at manufacturing facilities, which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries. An operational disruption at one of our or a subcontractor's facilities may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. Events such as power outages, improperly functioning equipment, disruptions in supply of raw materials or components, or equipment failures have occurred from time to time and may occur in the future. Difficulties in the manufacturing process or the effects from a shift in product mix can reduce yields or disrupt production and may increase our per gigabit manufacturing costs. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business, as adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products. Reduced demand for these products could result in significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We may face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs, which include potential limitations on stacking additional memory layers, meeting higher density requirements, and improving power consumption and reliability. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers' needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our inability to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications may impact our revenue. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business. Our international operations are subject to risks such as export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, customs regulations, and restrictions on the transfer of funds. The ongoing effects of the public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures being taken to limit its impact on our business are uncertain and difficult to predict. These effects may include disruptions to our supply chain and operations, impacts to customer demand, and increased costs from efforts to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Increasing demand, supply constraints, inflation, and other market conditions could result in significant delays in completion of our construction projects and cost increases. Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Significant or prolonged shortages of our products could halt customer manufacturing and damage our relationships with these customers. Our incentives from various governments are conditional upon achieving or maintaining certain performance obligations and are subject to reduction, termination, or clawback. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions, and our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies.