Investing in our securities involves risks, including our ability to grow our business and respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We participate in intensely competitive markets, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results will be harmed. If we fail to innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and customer needs, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses and harm our reputation and financial results. Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business, and while we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult to deliver our services. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential data, and while we have security measures in place, these may not be effective at preventing breaches. The frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks have increased, and we have been the target of increasingly sophisticated attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations. If we lose key members of our management team or qualified employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our costs will increase, and our business and operating results will be adversely affected. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our management team, and changes in our management team may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and negatively affect our business. We have made significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors, but government certification processes are lengthy and can often be delayed. We rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted. The procurement process for government entities is highly competitive and time-consuming, and we incur significant up-front time and expense, which subjects us to additional compliance risks. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period, and if we fail to meet the financial performance expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. We have historically experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements, and the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers could adversely affect our operating results. Our subscription model makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as revenues from new customers are generally recognized over the applicable subscription term. We expect to continue to grow our business and generate positive cash flows from operations, but if we require additional capital resources, we may seek to finance our operations from current funds available or additional equity or debt financing. Our ability to make payments on, repay, or refinance our debt will depend on our future performance, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties. The impacts of climate change on the global economy and our industry are rapidly evolving, and we may be subject to increased costs, regulations, and expectations regarding the environmental impacts of our business. We seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change by establishing robust environmental programs as part of our ESG strategy.