We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop and sell new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Our shift to virtual customer events may not be successful, and we may not be able to showcase our products as well as we have historically done through in-person events or generate the same customer interest, opportunities, and leads through these virtual events. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames. We cannot provide any assurance that the standards on which we choose to develop new products will allow us to compete effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas. We might experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, license, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, could result in service interruptions, delays, or outages, and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our business operations are susceptible to third-party manufacturing and logistics delays, which could result in the loss of sales and customers. The conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic created delays in our supply chain. We are currently restructuring our workforce and have made adjustments in response to management changes, product changes, performance issues, changes in strategies, acquisitions, and other internal and external considerations. These types of restructurings have resulted, and may in the future result, in increased restructuring costs and temporary reduced productivity while employees adjust to their new roles and responsibilities. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, resource redeployment, or cost savings benefits of these restructurings. We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management. In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly skilled business, product development, technical, and other personnel. Our employees continue to have flexibility to choose where and how to work, which may help us engage with a wider pool of talent and may help to retain employees who want or need more flexibility, but it may also lead to increased employee burnout or negatively impact productivity. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy. Risks we may face in connection with our acquisition program include difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets where we have limited experience, or retaining key personnel from acquired companies. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations remains uncertain. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic effectively, our business will be harmed. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in managing an organization operating globally, including general economic conditions, political unrest, public health risks, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The variety of risks and challenges could disrupt or otherwise negatively impact our supply chain operations and sales of our products and services in affected countries or regions.