This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather, and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The negotiating power of managed care organizations and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products. Our approach to business arrangements may also be informed by government and industry guidance. Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates. Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, licensing, or other arrangements. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed, and desired outcome will be achieved. We may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. Additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payers, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers, and service providers, to pay for our products. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales, increased costs, and volatility in foreign exchange rates. We could encounter difficulties, delays, or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing, and distribution networks due to regulatory actions, shutdowns, work stoppages, or strikes. Failure by one or more of our third-party collaborators, service providers, and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks. Our ability to fulfill our purpose remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressing the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders.