We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports. Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations and localized volatility. We are a global company, with operations in approximately 70 countries and products sold in approximately 180 countries and territories around the world. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions, continue existing business operations and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers or similar restrictions are imposed on our business. Additionally, our business, operations or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions. Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship. Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local, regional or global economic or social disruptions. These disruptions have included and may in the future include: a slow-down, recession or inflationary pressures in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; tighter credit markets for our suppliers, vendors or customers; significant social unrest; or the inability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed, could have an adverse impact on our business. Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in the prices of commodities and raw materials. Therefore, our business results depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects and sourcing decisions. The ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. We must also successfully respond to technological advances made by competitors, customers and vendors. Our success depends on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. Our financial results have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. Our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change is critical to our business success. We must successfully manage the demand, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns. Our business may be negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, which may include significant reductions in demand for our products. The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted our operations in both countries, and the future impacts to the company are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty as to how the overall situation will evolve. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our business and financial results.