Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our systems, facilities, and business functions. The shut-down, disruption, degradation, or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. System redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Catastrophe events that affect one of our larger office locations, a significant technology/data center, critical communications facilities, or one or more of our key vendors may heighten this risk. Our business could be materially adversely affected by a security breach or other attack involving our technology systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, and our information security efforts are designed to evolve with the changing security threat environment through ongoing assessment and measurement. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services that are accepted and valued by our customers is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our insurance businesses. Our workplace policies or perceptions of those policies by current and potential employees could impact our ability to attract and retain talent with needed skills, knowledge, and experiences. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other widespread health risks, including COVID-19. The potential effects of an epidemic or pandemic could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors, including litigation claims being brought against the company, the valuation, volatility, and liquidity of our debt and equity investment portfolios, and our ability to access capital markets at favorable rates. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is essential. The realization of one or more risks may result in our pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, assumptions, or methodologies, which could negatively affect our underwriting profit margins. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs, obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage, and collect under our reinsurance contracts. We must accurately evaluate and pay claims that are made under our insurance policies, and our failure to pay claims fairly, accurately, and in a timely manner could undermine customer goodwill and our reputation in the marketplace. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in consolidation within the industry, which could significantly increase the level of competition in a manner that is not favorable to us. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and our ability to implement business plans while complying with these laws and regulations is critical to our success. The pace of change in regulations increases the risk of being unable to respond to evolving business conditions. Our long-term business strategy and efforts to acquire or develop new products or enter new areas of business may not be successful and may create enhanced risks.