We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and particularly from their sale of premium tier devices. If revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. Our industry is experiencing and may continue to experience concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, could limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, which could also significantly reduce the revenues we derive from these customers. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications, which may not result in purchase commitments from such customers. The loss of any one of our significant customers or a reduction in their purchases could harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. Our industry has also experienced slowing growth in the premium-tier device segment due to a maturing smartphone industry, and a reduction in sales of premium-tier devices could reduce our revenues and margins. We expect to continue to see price increases from certain of our key semiconductor manufacturing suppliers, which could negatively impact our margins. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies and products into new and expanded product areas, and industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our future growth depends on our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies and products for these new areas. We may not be successful in extending our technologies and products into new product areas, which could result in significant costs and asset impairments. We engage in acquisitions and other strategic transactions, which are important to the future of our business, but these activities entail a high degree of risk and may not generate financial returns. Achieving anticipated benefits from business acquisitions depends on our ability to integrate the businesses effectively, which involves significant challenges. We depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement and manufacture of our products. If we fail to execute supply strategies that provide supply assurance, our business and results of operations may be harmed. Our manufacturing operations could be disrupted by natural disasters, health crises, geopolitical conflicts, or cyber-attacks. The regulatory landscape continues to evolve, and new environmental laws could lead to additional investments in production processes. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our workforce practices, and any future health crises could impact our ability to perform critical functions. We are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations globally, and compliance with these regulations may divert management time and attention. Our business may suffer due to adverse rulings in governmental investigations or proceedings. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, and we are susceptible to declines in global, regional, and local economic conditions. Our stock price and financial results are subject to substantial fluctuations due to these dynamics. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may be required to reduce or delay planned expenditures or sell selected assets.