Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of macroeconomic and other factors, many of which are largely outside our control. Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. A continued economic downturn or recession may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in or uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions. We may experience a reduction and increased volatility in demand for our products due to various factors, including store closures or modified operating hours and business model, reduced customer traffic due to illness, quarantine or government restrictions, and changes in consumer spending behaviors. These macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability, or development plans, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our strategic initiatives are designed to create growth, improve our results of operations, and drive long-term shareholder value, including adjusting rapidly to changing customer preferences and behaviors in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and inflation. We are working to address the potential effects of climate change and the sustainability of our business, which may expose us to market, operational, and execution costs or risks. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our social and environmental program goals as well as the success of our reinvention plan, which requires company-wide coordination and alignment. We believe the investments in partner wages and training will increase retention and productivity while the acceleration of purpose-built store concepts and innovations in technologies will provide additional convenience and connection with our customers. The COVID-19 pandemic has required us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, employee retention, and satisfaction. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings. Our reliance on key business partners may adversely affect our business and operations. The growth of our business relies on the ability of our licensee partners to implement our growth platforms and product innovations. If our business partners and third-party providers do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments, it could damage our brand and our financial results could suffer. We are also facing risks related to climate change, which may impact our supply chain and operational continuity. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related costs of compliance are both increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 72% of consolidated total net revenues in fiscal 2022. If the North America operating segment revenue trends slow or decline, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall and our business and financial results could be adversely affected.