The southern company system has robust processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. This process relies on information from internal and external sources, which may or may not be accurate in predicting future outcomes. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant, and the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to southern company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. The southern company system's ultimate environmental compliance strategy and future environmental expenditures will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed control technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The financial performance depends on the successful operation of electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies. There are many risks that could affect these matters, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions, and transmission disruption or capacity constraints. The southern company system is dependent upon natural gas as a fuel source for its power generation needs, which has the potential to impact the traditional electric operating companies' and southern power's costs of generation. The registrants are subject to workforce factors that could affect operations, including the need to attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs. Events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, increased cost or reduced supply of labor, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources and loss of knowledge. The southern company system's operations and business plans depend on the global supply chain to procure equipment, materials, and other resources. The delivery of components, materials, equipment, and other resources that are critical to the southern company system's operations has been impacted by ongoing domestic and global supply chain disruptions. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue, with potential adverse impacts including new or prolonged reductions in demand for energy, impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets, and further challenges to the development, construction, and/or operation of the subsidiary registrants' facilities. The registrants engage in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, which must project many years into the future to accommodate the long lead times associated with permitting and construction. The traditional electric operating companies and southern power may not be able to fully recover costs associated with new generation and associated transmission assets in a timely manner or at all, leading to exposure to regulatory lag. The registrants and their subsidiaries continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, but such actions cannot be assured to be completed or beneficial. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The southern company system faces a heightened risk of cyberattack, and various regulators have increasingly stressed that these attacks are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency.