We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, rising inflation, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, which can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status. Inflationary pressures on costs, such as inputs for devices we sell and network components, may impact our network construction, financial condition, or results of operations. We depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment and customer premises equipment, and these suppliers could fail to provide equipment on a timely or cost-effective basis due to various factors, including inflationary pressures and general business disruptions. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results, including impacts on our customers' ability to pay for our products and services and increased labor costs. Our international operations increase our exposure to political instability and changes in the international economy, which could offset our expected growth opportunities. Adverse regulations and rulings by the FCC relating to broadband and wireless deployment could impede our ability to manage our networks and recover costs. The continuing growth of IP-based services has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve. Extreme weather events precipitated by long-term climate change have the potential to directly damage network facilities or disrupt our ability to build and maintain portions of our network, which could potentially disrupt suppliers' ability to provide products and services required to provide reliable network coverage. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. Our operations and support expenses could continue to put pressure on margins and customer retention levels. We are transitioning services from our old copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed, at both the state and federal levels. If we do not obtain regulatory approvals for our network transition, we could experience significant cost and competitive disadvantages. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives designed to reduce costs, streamline and modernize distribution and customer service, and improve processes and support functions. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity. Our ability to respond will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. The outcome of any allegations, lawsuits, claims, or legal proceedings is inherently uncertain and could result in significant costs, damage to our brands or reputation, and diversion of management's attention from our business. Cyberattacks impacting our networks or systems may have a material adverse effect on our operations, and the development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or terrorist acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our system redundancy and other measures we take to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of such events may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events.