The risks listed below are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, are potentially material to our business and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our ability to allocate, deliver, and maintain our preferred mix and level of inventory has been impacted in recent years by temporary store closures, inflationary pressures, and global supply chain disruptions. Failure to identify consumer trends and preferences, or to otherwise meet customer demand or expectations, in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance. Although our business model allows us greater flexibility to meet consumer product preferences and trends than many traditional retailers, we may not successfully do so, which could impact inventory turns, customer traffic, and sales. Our operations and successful growth are dependent on information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on our doing these things effectively. Changes in the business landscape and the increase of remote working by our associates, service providers, and other third parties have the potential to increase the likelihood of system damage or disruption. The substantial size of our business can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third-party providers. If we are unable to manage our size and scale effectively, our results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has had, and in the future may have, a significant impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Various restrictions were issued worldwide since the start of the pandemic, including limitations on business operations. During the first major peak of the COVID-19 outbreak, all of our stores, online businesses, and distribution centers were temporarily closed, during which time we were unable to generate sales. The extent of any impact on our operations from the COVID-19 pandemic in a post-pandemic phase will depend in part on future developments that are difficult to predict. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is crucial. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and/or into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels, including e-commerce. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations. We operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively. We rely on strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, anticipated growth, and any stock repurchases and dividends. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or to repatriate cash from our international operations in a manner that is cost-effective, our growth plans, capital expenditures, operating expenses, and financial performance could be adversely affected. Our strategies for managing these financial risks may not be effective or sufficient. Our results may be adversely affected by severe or unseasonable adverse weather, serious disruptions, catastrophic events, or public health crises. Natural or other disasters could disrupt our operations in a number of ways, including by causing injury or serious harm to our associates or customers, or could disrupt the operations of, or require the closure of, one or more of our vendors or other parts of our supply chain located in the affected areas.