We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and attempt to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce and other resources accordingly. Sustaining our production trajectory will require the ongoing readiness and solvency of our suppliers and vendors, a stable and motivated production workforce and government cooperation, including for travel and visa allowances. The contingencies inherent in the ramp at new facilities such as gigafactory berlin-brandenburg and gigafactory texas may be exacerbated by these challenges. We cannot predict the duration or direction of current global trends or their sustained impact. If we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. We must address bottlenecks and other unexpected challenges that may arise during our production ramps while continuing to improve manufacturing processes and reducing costs. Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces, and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses and approvals for additional expansion, supply chain constraints, hiring, training and retention of qualified employees, and the pace of bringing production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. We will also need to establish and ramp production of our proprietary battery cells and packs at our new factories. If we experience any issues or delays in meeting our projected timelines, costs, capital efficiency and production capacity for our new factories, expanding and managing teams to implement iterative design and production changes there, maintaining and complying with the terms of any debt financing that we obtain to fund them or generating and maintaining demand for the vehicles we manufacture there, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. We may experience issues with lithium-ion cells or other components manufactured at our gigafactories, which may harm the production and profitability of our vehicle and energy storage products. Our plan to grow the volume and profitability of our vehicles and energy storage products depends on significant lithium-ion battery cell production. We face risks associated with maintaining and expanding our international operations, including unfavorable and uncertain regulatory, political, economic, tax and labor conditions. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars or health epidemics. We may incur expenses or delays relating to such events outside of our control, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. We must manage the risk of product recalls with respect to our products. Recalls for our vehicles have resulted from various hardware and software-related safety defect or non-compliance determinations. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, it may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected or take longer than expected to become fully functional.