We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to ensure successful containment and remediation of potential disruptions or cyber events. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. We have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. Our health care benefits businesses have risk-based arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. These arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. To the extent a risk-based health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims which should have been the responsibility of the health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. Our competitive position could be adversely affected by a failure to develop satisfactory data and analytics capabilities or provide services focused on these capabilities to our clients. Our businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. We depend substantially on our continued ability to contract with health care payers, as well as physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other service providers at competitive prices. If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, it could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.