The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our business operations could be affected by factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. The retail business continues to rapidly evolve, and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. Our strategy, which includes investments in e-commerce, technology, talent, supply chain automation, acquisitions, joint ventures, and other customer initiatives, may not effectively allow us to continue to grow our e-commerce business or maintain our overall market position. The success of this strategy will depend on our ability to build and deliver a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers. A greater concentration of e-commerce sales could result in reduced traffic in our stores, adversely affecting our financial performance. If we do not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, it could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and the demand for our products and services. We face strong competition from other retailers, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The omni-channel retail landscape is highly competitive and rapidly evolving, and the entry of new competitors may increase competitive pressures. Global or regional health pandemics, including COVID-19, could negatively impact our business, financial position, and results of operations. Customer behaviors changed rapidly during the pandemic, and future mutations or related strains of the virus may challenge our ability to anticipate and adjust inventory levels to meet demand. Natural disasters, climate change, geopolitical events, and other catastrophic events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Such events could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to maintain performance under pressure. We may enter into strategic alliances to expand our business, but these arrangements may not generate the anticipated level of sales or may adversely impact our competitive position. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our business success, and increased competition for talent could result in increased associate costs. The effectiveness of our internal controls could be adversely affected if we fail to successfully integrate and update our information systems. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving, and any compromise of our data security systems could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial position. We are subject to various legal, regulatory, and compliance risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial performance. Our operations in international markets expose us to political and economic risks that may impact our business. We strive to deliver shared value through our business, but the achievement of our ESG goals is subject to risks and uncertainties. The impact of new laws and regulations could require extensive operational changes and increase our operating costs. We may face audits or investigations by government agencies that could adversely affect our business operations and financial position. Our liquidity is supported by cash flows from operations, and we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be sufficient to fund operations and investments.