Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. We incurred estimated pre-tax losses of approximately $1.0 billion in 2019, $1.6 billion in 2018, and $3.0 billion in 2017 from significant catastrophe events. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. In primary insurance activities, we assume defined portions of the risks of loss from persons or organizations that are directly subject to the risks. In reinsurance activities, we assume defined portions of similar or dissimilar risks that other insurers or reinsurers have subjected themselves to in their own insuring activities. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held strategy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the operating results of our insurance operations. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $325 million in 2019 compared to earnings of $1.6 billion in 2018 and after-tax losses of approximately $2.2 billion in 2017. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. The effective income tax rate for our insurance businesses was 24.2% in 2019, 21.4% in 2018, and 32.0% in 2017. We strive to generate underwriting profits. However, time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the liabilities. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We receive premiums at the inception of these contracts, which are then available for investment. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. treasury bills of $125.0 billion, which included $101 billion in U.S. treasury bills. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base.