We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits; rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. We achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses, and as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure. The negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance is influenced by the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially in the United States. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Actions in various countries, particularly China and the United States, have created uncertainty with respect to how tariffs will affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The impact to our net sales and gross margin will be influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results. We opened 25 new warehouses, including relocations, and plan to open approximately 22 additional new warehouses in 2020. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future.