For over three decades, minimally invasive surgery (MIS) has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We take a holistic approach offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make MIS intervention more available and applicable. Our da Vinci products are designed to decrease variability in surgery by offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction. We have commercialized several da Vinci surgical systems and extended our fourth generation platform by adding the da Vinci SP surgical system. Our plans for the rollout of the da Vinci SP surgical system include putting systems in the hands of experienced da Vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. We are introducing the Ion endoluminal system in a measured fashion while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain and collect additional clinical data. The success of the Ion system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. Our business model generates revenue from the placements of da Vinci surgical systems, in sales or sales-type lease arrangements, and usage-based models where revenue is recognized over time. We have entered into sales-type and operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. Our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew significantly, reflecting continued procedure adoption and service revenue growth driven by the growth of the base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. We anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. The integration process of acquired assets may require expenses and time in excess of expectations. If we cannot successfully integrate or manufacture endoscopes subsequent to the acquisition, it may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.