Management's discussion and analysis indicates that our long-term success depends significantly on our ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on molecules currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired in-process research and development assets will become impaired in the future. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. The objective of this risk management program is to limit the impact on earnings of fluctuations in interest and currency exchange rates. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs. We recognize that regulatory agencies continue to establish increasingly high hurdles for the efficacy and safety of new products, which can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We also face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro and Japanese yen. While we manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a substantial impact, either positive or negative, on our revenue, cost of sales, and operating expense. We have faced and remain exposed to generic competition following the loss of exclusivity, which has rapidly and severely eroded revenue and is likely to continue to erode revenue. Our formulation patents have expired, and we expect further volume decline as a result of the entry of generic and biosimilar competition. We strategically invest in external research and technologies that we believe to complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including licensing arrangements, collaborations, and acquisitions. We view our business development activity as an important way to achieve our strategies, as we seek to bolster our pipeline and enhance shareholder value. We recognize that the pharmaceutical industry is subject to significant external pressures, including public concern over access to and affordability of pharmaceuticals, which continues to drive the regulatory and legislative debate. These policy and political issues increase the risk that taxes, fees, rebates, or other cost control measures may be enacted to manage federal and state budgets. We anticipate that total revenue growth will be driven by volume from various products while being partially offset by lower revenue for products that have lost patent exclusivity. Our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 15 percent, and we continue to invest in patient affordability solutions in an effort to assist patients in affording their medicines. We believe cash provided by operating activities, along with available cash and cash equivalents, should be sufficient to fund our normal operating needs, including installment payments of the toll tax, dividends paid to shareholders, share repurchases, and capital expenditures.