We operate in an environment characterized by both complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments. Our operating cycle is primarily long-term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We have a number of programs designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. Our contracts typically allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We have ongoing programs for production and sustainment activities in various international markets. We are in discussions with the U.S. government with respect to the timeline for the transition of certain suppliers to minimize the risks of disruption to our supply chain and ensure continuity of production. We are monitoring developments and potential impacts of sanctions and other actions regarding international partners on our programs. Our ability to recover investments on our consolidated balance sheet that we make to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing various factors, including U.S. government regulations and our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs. The majority of our sales are driven by pricing based on costs incurred to produce products or perform services under contracts with the U.S. government. We closely monitor compliance with our critical accounting policies related to contract accounting. We expect to continue to look for opportunities to manage our pension liabilities through additional buyout contracts in future years. We have recorded assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery in pricing of our products and services for agencies of the U.S. government. We are involved in environmental remediation activities at sites where formal agreements either do not exist or do not quantify the extent and timing of our obligations. We perform quarterly reviews of environmental remediation sites and record liabilities and receivables in the period it becomes probable that a liability has been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.