Our goal is to achieve sales growth at the high-end of the medical technology (medtech) industry and maintain our long-term capital allocation strategy that prioritizes acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases. We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess operating cash is used first to fund acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses. We supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund our activities as necessary. Our overall cash position reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs from a variety of sources, including cash from operations, commercial paper, and existing credit lines. We maintain debt levels that we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors including cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans, and overall cost of capital. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held in locations outside the United States was approximately 25% on December 31, 2019. We intend to use this cash to expand operations organically and through acquisitions. We are involved in various ongoing proceedings, legal actions, and claims arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings related to product, labor, and intellectual property. The outcomes of these matters will generally not be known for prolonged periods of time. In certain of the legal proceedings, the claimants seek damages, as well as other compensatory and equitable relief, that could result in the payment of significant claims and settlements and/or the imposition of injunctions or other equitable relief. We are currently self-insured for product liability-related claims and expenses. The ultimate cost to us with respect to product liability claims could be materially different than the amount of the current estimates and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We have existing credit facilities should additional funds be required. We have a borrowing capacity available under our main credit facility of $1,500. The amount of commercial paper we have issuable under the commercial paper program is $1,500. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful information to assist investors and shareholders in understanding our financial results and assessing our prospects for future performance. Management believes percentage sales growth in constant currency and the other adjusted measures are important indicators of our operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of or are unrelated to our core operating results and provide a baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. We review our other long-lived assets for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is at the individual asset level or the asset group level. Our estimates of the useful lives of determinable-lived intangibles are primarily based on factors including competitive environment, market share, trademark, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans, and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the trademarked or branded products are sold. We perform our annual impairment test for goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year. We consider qualitative indicators of the fair value of a reporting unit when it is unlikely that a reporting unit has impaired goodwill.