Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease, and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems, and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation, and other services related to our products. We achieved annual vehicle delivery and production records and laid the groundwork for our next phase of growth with the commencement of model 3 production at gigafactory shanghai and preparations at the fremont factory for model y production. We revamped key aspects of our solar operations by streamlining traditionally complex ordering, permitting, installation, and back-end service processes to enhance the customer experience. Our solar deployments grew significantly, and we further evolved our product offerings by launching the third generation of the solar roof and megapack. A key focus is establishing and expanding capacity for vehicle production across three continents, with the expectation to increase production capacity significantly. We have commenced construction of the next phase of gigafactory shanghai and selected germany as the site for our next factory for the european market. However, these constructions are subject to uncertainties inherent in new manufacturing operations, including compliance with regulatory requirements, potential supply chain constraints, and the pace of bringing production equipment online. Achieving increased total vehicle production cost-effectively will require timely addressing of any bottlenecks that may arise. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and global delivery patterns to address higher volumes and expand our servicing and charging locations to ensure a convenient customer experience. If our customer vehicles experience unexpected reliability issues, it could outpace and overburden our servicing capabilities. We expect to continue to grow our retrofit solar system deployments and are focused on training our personnel and third-party partners to ramp installations of our solar roof. We continuously evaluate and adjust our capital expenditures based on our manufacturing plans and the pace of current projects. We expect our average annual capital expenditures in the coming years to be substantial, reflecting our growth strategy. Our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are expected to decrease as we focus on increasing operational efficiency and process automation. We have incurred restructuring costs to reduce expenses and improve efficiency, recognizing costs related to employee termination and losses from closing certain stores. Our liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund ongoing operations and research and development projects, including the establishment of production capacity and expansion of our retail and service locations. We expect our current sources of liquidity will provide adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months, although we may need to raise additional funds in the future. We have significant contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties, including debt financing arrangements and leases. Our operations and prospects could be negatively affected if we cannot raise additional funds when needed.