The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. Although revenue is analyzed by commodity, we analyze the net financial results of the railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network. As we implemented unified plan 2020, we remained focused on identifying and managing risk and training our employees as their work environment changed. Despite these efforts, our safety results were not good enough. Our personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours increased 11% from 2018 and our reportable derailment incident rate per million train miles increased 30%. Although there was a significant increase in reportable derailments for the year, we did see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter. We want every employee to return home safely every day and to eliminate all derailments, so we must do better in 2020 by identifying and implementing best practices in this ever-changing environment. The year began with a series of significant weather events. Heavy snowfall and harsh winter conditions in the Midwest and Pacific Northwest were followed by widespread flooding across the central and southern portions of our network. Despite the disruptions, we remained focused on the implementation of unified plan 2020, the company's plan for operating a safe, reliable, and efficient railroad by increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. Continued implementation of these initiatives will include utilizing our existing network capacity, longer train length, and fewer car touches resulting in additional terminal consolidation opportunities, improved asset utilization, and fewer car classifications. These additional changes, combined with other initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision-making processes to be more agile and responsive to our customers' needs. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk; detect rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. We expect uncertainties in various markets to continue in 2020. Natural gas prices and weather conditions may impact demand for coal; crude oil price spreads may drive demand for petroleum products and drilling materials; available truck capacity could impact our intermodal business; and international trade agreements should promote trade. Our capital plan for 2020 includes an increase in capacity and facility investments intended to improve productivity and operational efficiency. We expect to fund our 2020 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency and productivity by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training, and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We have formed an operating practices command center to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions.