We continue to focus on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, which is a life-threatening genetic disease. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs. We have established preclinical genetic therapy programs and are conducting clinical trials to evaluate new treatments. Our financial highlights indicate that we have limited the growth of our expenses, which has allowed us to create significant operating margins and reinvest in our business. We are focused on obtaining approval for new therapies and evaluating our treatments in younger patients, with the goal of addressing the needs of a larger patient population. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to enhance our pipeline and research capabilities. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, promoting a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations to ensure that payors recognize the significant benefits that our medicines provide. Our liquidity and capital resources are strong, with significant cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, which we intend to rely on alongside cash flows from product sales as our primary source of liquidity. We may borrow under credit agreements and are committed to managing our capital structure to strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. Our future capital requirements include significant expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We are committed to fostering scientific innovation and maintaining operational flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures. Our strategic transactions and collaborations are aimed at enhancing our capabilities and ensuring our resilience in the face of challenges, allowing us to maintain performance and achieve our major objectives. We continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates that can create transformative medicines for serious diseases, thereby ensuring our organizational resilience and adaptability in a competitive landscape.