During fiscal 2017, we continued to focus on our global HCM strategy by investing to strengthen our underlying business model and prospects for sustainable long-term growth. Our robust and diverse product offerings are the result of our continued investment in product innovation and service. We believe upgrading our clients from legacy platforms is an important aspect of our long-term strategy, giving our clients our most innovative and seamless products. Our implementation team's ability to implement our services as well as our sales force's ability to sell to clients and prospects drove revenue growth during fiscal 2017. Our revenue growth also benefited from the continued increase in our pays per control metric, which we measure as the number of employees on our clients' payrolls. Systems development and programming costs increased due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to investments in our sales organization and additional restructuring charges primarily related to our service alignment initiative and workforce optimization effort. The increase in expenses is related to increased costs of servicing our clients on growing revenues as well as investments in our sales organization. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows. We continue to make investments in our sales force and are pleased with the operational improvements of our organization, our ability to continuously innovate and offer new and exciting products to our clients, and the ability of our service organization to support these new services and strategic platforms. Our pipeline for future new business bookings remains strong, as we leverage our investments in our strategic platforms and our strong, tenured sales force. The historical results of operations of the consumer health spending account and consolidated omnibus reconciliation act businesses are included in the employer services segment. The acquisition of the Marcus Buckingham Company reflects our commitment to innovation and enhances our core HCM capabilities, allowing us to deepen our offering in this critical area of talent management. We have fully distributed the proceeds from our fiscal 2016 debt issuance and our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid. Our total expenses increased primarily due to an increase in PEO services pass-through costs, the restructuring and dual operations costs related to our service alignment initiative, and increased costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue. We are seeing strong retention on our strategic platforms and continue to upgrade our clients from legacy platforms to our new cloud-based solutions. Our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future. We believe that our focus on technology capabilities and operational efficiency will enhance our ability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands effectively. The increase in expenses is related to increased costs of servicing our clients on growing revenues as well as investments in our sales organization. We are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to support our business strategies and enhance our service delivery to clients.