We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our extensible operating system (EOS) has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. Accordingly, we intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs driven by headcount growth and an increase in prototype and third-party engineering costs driven by additional outsourced development projects. Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, marketing and promotional activities, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs including depreciation. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to expand our sales and marketing efforts worldwide. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on factors including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and the mix of products sold. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. Our operating cash benefited from increased deferred revenue reflecting ongoing growth in service and support contracts. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increased sales and timing of collections. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. Our contractual obligations represent material expected or contractually committed future payment obligations. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the continued market acceptance of our products. We will continue to refine our estimates related to the impact of the tax act during the one-year measurement period allowed under staff accounting bulletin 118.