We evaluate certain operating and financial measures on both an as-reported and constant-currency basis. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to add accommodations to our travel reservation services, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. As part of our strategy to increase the number and variety of accommodations available on booking.com, booking.com is increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis where it facilitates payments on behalf of customers. This allows booking.com to process transactions for properties that do not accept credit cards and to increase its ability to offer flexible transaction terms to consumers. We believe that adding these types of properties and service offerings will benefit our customers and our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the year ended December 31, 2016, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. Our international business represents the substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services to compete with us at relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. Our markets are also subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. The competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of services and technologies, including services and technologies that may be outside of our historical core business. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. As we increase our alternative accommodation business, these different characteristics could negatively impact our profit margins. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Performance advertising expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, affiliate programs, and other performance-based advertisements. We rely on performance advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites.