We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Comcast Cable is one of the nation's largest providers of video, high-speed internet, voice, and security and automation services to residential customers under the Xfinity brand. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks. The increasing number of entertainment choices available has intensified audience fragmentation, which has and likely will continue to adversely affect the audience ratings of our cable networks and broadcast television programming. We continue to invest to increase our network capacity and in customer premise equipment, primarily for our X1 platform, cloud DVR technology, and wireless gateways. We are also pursuing other business development initiatives, such as our wireless phone service that we launched in the second quarter of 2017 using our virtual network operator rights to provide the service over Verizon's wireless network and our existing network of in-home and outdoor Wi-Fi hotspots. Our capital expenditures increased primarily due to continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investment in line extensions primarily for the expansion of business services. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. We continue to deploy set-top boxes for our internet protocol and cloud-enabled video platform and cloud DVR technology throughout our footprint. Our business services offerings primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, similar to those that we provide to our residential customers, and also include cloud-based solutions that provide file sharing, online backup, and web conferencing, among other features. We also offer Ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, as well as advanced voice services. Our enterprise service offerings include a software-defined networking product and our managed solutions business to offer enterprise customers support related to Wi-Fi networks, router management, network security, and business continuity risks. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities, and returning capital to shareholders. The wireless phone service has success-based working capital requirements, primarily associated with the procurement of handsets, which customers are able to pay for upfront or finance interest-free over 24 months. We will continue to focus on growing our revenue, particularly in our residential high-speed internet and video services and in our business services, and on overall operating cost management.