We believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable sales growth. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses, and our e-commerce business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 when compared to 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments made in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, our information systems, and working capital. We plan to open up to 24 new warehouses and relocate up to six warehouses in 2018. We spent $2,502 on capital expenditures in 2017, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,500 to $2,700 during fiscal 2018. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Our central operating costs were higher primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service. Changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an immaterial impact in 2017. We account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. Our executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases, which can be redeemed only at warehouses. The sales reduction and corresponding liability are computed after giving effect to the estimated impact of non-redemptions, based on historical data. We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. Our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring a downward adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair value. We are predominantly self-insured, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks, for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. We use different mechanisms including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance program. The estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends. Our cumulative foreign undistributed earnings were considered indefinitely reinvested as of September 3, 2017.