In 2017, we announced strategic growth initiatives with an emphasis on growing earnings and returns. To accomplish these initiatives, we will continue to make investments in our businesses, including in technology and talent, while exploring new opportunities. Our investment management segment provides investment management services and offers investment products across all major asset classes to a diverse set of institutional and individual clients. We believe that presenting our results excluding tax legislation is meaningful as excluding this item increases the comparability of period-to-period results. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. Our operational risk management framework consists of practices that include risk monitoring and reporting, risk identification and assessment, and risk measurement. We manage liquidity risk according to principles that include holding sufficient excess liquidity in the form of global core liquid assets to cover outflows during a stressed period. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We employ a variety of risk measures to monitor market risk, including value-at-risk (VaR) and stress tests. Our market risk management process includes accurate and timely exposure information, a dynamic limit-setting framework, and constant communication among revenue-producing units, risk managers, and senior management. We monitor and control risks through strong firmwide oversight and independent control and support functions across our global businesses. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our risk management governance starts with the board, which oversees our risk management policies and practices implemented through the enterprise risk management framework. The firmwide risk committee is globally responsible for the ongoing monitoring and management of our financial risks. We utilize regular stress tests to calculate credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. Our credit risk management process includes approving transactions and setting and communicating credit exposure limits, establishing or approving underwriting standards, and monitoring compliance with established credit exposure limits. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures, and such derivatives give rise to credit risk, which is monitored and managed by credit risk management. We have a comprehensive framework to monitor, measure, and assess our country exposures and to determine our risk appetite. Our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.