In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, three hurricanes impacted our operations, contributing approximately $662 million to net sales in the second half of fiscal 2017. The gross profit on these hurricane-related sales was considerably less than the company average, and we incurred approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business. Our online sales, which consist of sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in our stores or delivered to customer locations, represented 6.7% of net sales and grew 21.5% during fiscal 2017. This growth reflects the execution of our strategy and broad-based growth across our stores and online. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales, with total comparable sales increasing 6.8% in fiscal 2017. The increase in comparable sales was driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth. We define return on invested capital (ROIC) as net operating profit after tax for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the same period. We believe ROIC is meaningful for investors and management because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity, and we believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs. In fiscal 2017, we repurchased a total of 49.5 million shares of our common stock for $8.0 billion through agreements and open market transactions. Additionally, we opened three new stores in the U.S. and three new stores in Mexico during fiscal 2017, for a total store count of 2,284 at January 28, 2018. Our gross profit increased $2.0 billion, or 6.3%, to $34.4 billion in fiscal 2017, with gross profit as a percent of net sales being 34.0%. The modest decline in gross profit margin for fiscal 2017 reflected the impact of lower margin hurricane-related sales and higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from our supply chain. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $732 million, or 4.3%, to $17.9 billion in fiscal 2017, which included approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2017 reflected expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable sales environment and continued expense control. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial in responding to changing business needs and directions. We believe that mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force.