The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. The widespread availability of the internet, the emergence of mobile devices, and the explosion of social media have accelerated the pace of change and revolutionized the way that people throughout the world manage important financial tasks. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. Our consumer tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns, and we expect the seasonality of our consumer tax business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. We continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results as well as our future prospects. Our connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue is expected to continue to grow in the future. We track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention for all of our businesses and transaction volume for our payment processing business. Our small business online ecosystem revenue increased significantly due to customer acquisition, and we plan to continue to provide ongoing enhancements and certain connected services for all future versions of our offerings. Our strategic focus on connected services over the past few years has resulted in faster growth in connected services customers compared to traditional desktop software offerings. The increase in operating income from continuing operations is attributed to the increase in revenue, although higher costs and expenses partially offset this growth. We recognize revenue for our quickbooks desktop software products as services are provided over approximately three years. Our growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. The cash flows of our discontinued operations were not material for any period presented, and we have not segregated them on our statements of cash flows. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities.