Oracle Corporation provides products and services that address all aspects of corporate information technology (IT) environments, including applications, platform, and infrastructure. Our products are delivered to over 400,000 worldwide customers through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models, including on-premise, cloud-based, or hybrid, that enable customer choice and best meet customer IT needs. Our comprehensive and fully integrated stack of Oracle Cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings integrates the software, hardware, and services on the customers' behalf in IT environments that we deploy, support, and manage. We focus our development efforts on improving the performance, security, operation, and integration of these differing technologies to make them more cost-effective and easier to deploy, manage, and maintain for our customers and to improve their computing performance relative to our competitors. An important element of our corporate strategy is to continue our investments in, and innovation with respect to, our products and services that we offer through our cloud and on-premise software, hardware, and services businesses. We have a deep understanding of how applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies interact and function within IT environments. Our cloud and on-premise software revenues represented 80%, 78%, and 77% of our total revenues in fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Our cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings deliver applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models that we host, manage, and support. We expect these trends to continue, as customer demand has increased for cloud-based IT deployment models relative to on-premise IT deployment models. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT deployment model at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our selective and active acquisition program enhances the products and services that we offer to customers and expands our customer base, providing greater scale to accelerate innovation. We believe that offering customers broad, comprehensive, flexible, and interoperable deployment models for our applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies is important to our growth strategy and better addresses customer needs relative to our competitors. Our cloud and on-premise software business engages in the sale, marketing, and delivery of our cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings and the licensing of our software for on-premise and other IT environments. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force while also marketing our offerings through indirect channels. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our research and development expenses, which consist primarily of personnel-related expenditures, are essential to maintaining our competitive position. We intend to continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts, as they are crucial for enhancing our IT capabilities and supporting our business strategies.