We believe that our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security operations and infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone security appliances and software products. Our next-generation security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. Our advanced endpoint protection software prevents cyberattacks that aim to run malicious code or exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed, mobile, and virtual endpoints and servers. We continue to invest in and extend our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We plan to continue our investment in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform. Our cloud-based application framework will introduce a new SaaS consumption model under which our end-customers will be able to rapidly implement cloud-based security applications developed by us, third-party developers, or other security vendors, without having to deploy or manage additional products. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. Our sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs, including commission expense. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our international presence, although our sales and marketing expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars due to additional costs associated with accounting, compliance, insurance, and investor relations, although our general and administrative expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows. The increase in allocated costs was primarily due to our expansion of facilities to support the growth of our business. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, and the costs to acquire or invest in complementary businesses and technologies. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. We expect our cost of product revenue to increase as our product revenue increases. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation costs, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business.