The organizational structure is comprised of global business units (GBUs), selling and market operations (SMOs), global business services (GBS), and corporate functions (CF). GBS provides technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable the GBUs, the SMOs, and corporate functions to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class solutions at a low cost and with minimal capital investment. Our strategic focus aspires to serve the world's consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete, requiring innovation that necessitates consumer insights and technology advancements that lead to product improvements, improved marketing and merchandising programs, and game-changing inventions that create new brands and categories. Productivity improvement is critical to delivering balanced top-line growth, bottom-line growth, and value creation objectives. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. The ongoing portfolio of businesses consists of ten product categories where P&G has leading market positions, strong brands, and consumer-meaningful product technologies. The company expects the delivery of long-term annual financial targets to result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive peer group, including organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete. The company has initiated a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing, and overheads, designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making, manufacturing, and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. The company maintains a disciplined approach to investing to not sacrifice the long-term health of its businesses to meet short-term objectives. The company has completed a strategic portfolio reshaping program, including significant divestitures of non-strategic brands, resulting in a streamlined product portfolio that enhances operational efficiency and aligns with business strategy. The company’s financial condition is of high quality, evidenced by its ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. The overall cash position reflects strong business results and a global cash management strategy that considers liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations. The company’s cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures, with excess operating cash used first to fund shareholder dividends and other discretionary uses including share repurchases and acquisitions. The company regularly assesses its cash needs and available sources to fund these needs, ensuring that the liquidity position remains robust. The company has strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which enable refinancing at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. The company’s strategic choices are focused on winning with consumers, with innovation being the lifeblood of the organization, requiring the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.