We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our operations consist of three reportable segments: ratings, market and commodities intelligence, and S&P Dow Jones indices. Our strategy focuses on achieving financial targets and creating shareholder value by concentrating on organic revenue growth and delivering margin expansion with a focus on operating leverage and efficiency opportunities. We seek to deliver greater customer value through deeper client and market insights, innovative solutions, stronger internal teamwork, and reliable, nimble go-to-market processes. Enhancing planning and software engineering processes to speed up the delivery of content and products is a priority, along with applying lean management, robotics, automation, and machine learning to streamline internal workflow and deliver productivity. Strengthening our digital infrastructure capabilities, with emphasis on workplace services and cybersecurity, is essential for operational excellence and continuous innovation. We are committed to leadership development programs and skills training, embracing and expanding diversity and inclusion in our workforce, and enhancing technology talent and skills across the company. Our market and commodities intelligence segment includes capabilities designed to help the financial community, corporations, and professional service firms track performance, generate better investment returns, identify new trading and investment ideas, perform risk analysis, and develop mitigation strategies. We completed the sale of J.D. Power in September 2016, and the results were included in market and commodities intelligence results through that date. The segment has launched a beta version of the new market intelligence platform and integrated recent acquisitions to develop and expand its analytical capabilities and offerings. Our financial performance is supported by investments in technology projects, which include information technology outsourcing and enterprise-wide software licensing. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is a critical measure for evaluating our operating performance, and we evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments. The financial benchmarks industry is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny, and we continuously assess the impact of new laws, regulations, and rules on our operations. We are committed to aligning our governance regime and operations with industry standards to enhance the reliability of our assessments and information. Our focus on technology capabilities, operational efficiency, and strategic resource allocation is integral to our ability to respond to market dynamics and maintain a competitive advantage in the financial services industry.