We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience, and performance features. Our goal is to become the best manufacturer in the automotive industry, and having cutting-edge robotic expertise in-house is at the core of that goal. Our recent acquisitions of advanced automation companies have added to our talent base and are helping us increase vehicle production rates more effectively. The worldwide automotive market for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology is highly competitive, and we expect them to become even more so. Our unique features, constant innovation, and growing brand will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles by making them accessible to larger and previously untapped consumer and commercial markets. We have made significant and sustained progress in the production processes of model S and model X, and we will continue to improve manufacturing efficiencies for these vehicles. We are systematically addressing bottlenecks and adding capacity and resources in places like the battery module line where we have experienced constraints, and these actions should result in our model 3 production rate significantly increasing. We are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries, and customer infrastructure. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale, material cost reductions, and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization. We have achieved cost improvements through material cost reductions from both engineering and commercial actions and increased manufacturing efficiencies including better inventory control. We are also making progress with our self-driving technology, which has enabled a step-change improvement in the collection and analysis of data and fundamentally enhanced its machine learning capabilities. The aggregate of such data and learnings is able to collect and analyze more high-quality data than ever before, enabling us to rollout a series of new autopilot features. We are ramping up production for energy storage products at our gigafactory 1 over the next several quarters, but demand is greater than our current production capacity for energy storage. We expect energy generation and storage gross margin to improve significantly as we enter the year with a backlog of higher-margin commercial solar projects and a more profitable energy storage business due to overall cost and manufacturing efficiencies from scaling. We continue to develop gigafactory 1 as a facility where we work together with our suppliers to integrate production of battery material, cells, modules, battery packs, and drive units in one location for vehicles and energy storage products. We have partnered with Panasonic to provide capital and operational support to manufacture PV cells, thus enabling high-volume integrated tile and PV cell production. Our expectations as to the cost of building the facility, acquiring manufacturing equipment, and supporting our manufacturing operations may prove incorrect, which could subject us to significant expenses to achieve the desired benefits. We are growing our vehicle manufacturing capacity primarily to fulfill model 3 production at 5,000 vehicles per week and, in a later phase, to 10,000 vehicles per week. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months.