UnitedHealth Group leverages core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care delivery, management, and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. The company continues to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets, where health care spending has grown consistently and is expected to continue to grow due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations. The commercial risk market remains highly competitive, and we expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs amid reform changes. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships, advocating for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization, and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high quality, affordable care. Delivery system and payment modernization is essential as health plans and care providers are called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency, and our contracts with value-based elements total nearly $65 billion in annual spending. We expect continued Medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated increases in the number of people we serve, while the payment rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on Medicaid margin percentages. Our effective tax rate decreased primarily due to the impact of tax reform and the health insurance tax moratorium. The company manages its liquidity and financial position in the context of its overall business strategy, continually forecasting and managing cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet short-term and long-term obligations while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. The availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, and economic and market conditions. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs, and technology applications, and may include acquisitions.