The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. In 2018, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability of our assets. Our capital plan for 2018 is expected to be approximately $3.3 billion, which may be revised if business conditions or the regulatory environment affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We expect to use around 70% of our capital investments to renew and improve existing capital assets. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including positive train control (PTC). We also will continue commercial investments in rail facilities and equipment, including approximately 60 new locomotives, intermodal containers and chassis, and freight cars. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We believe the adjusted results provide relevant information to our investors as they more accurately reflect ongoing financial performance. Factors affecting comparability include adjustments for tax cuts and jobs act equity-method affiliates. Our operating ratio improved 1.5 points to 62.0% in 2017 compared to 2016, driven by core pricing gains, volume leverage, and productivity savings. Employee levels decreased 2% in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by productivity gains, a smaller capital workforce, and fewer management and administrative personnel. We expect volume to grow in the low single-digit range in 2018 compared to 2017, but it will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. We will continue to evaluate the best use of cash generated from operations, which will include pursuing capital projects with adequate returns and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability. We maintain adequate resources, and when necessary, have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, in addition to sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. Our capital investments are intended to enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate. The continued implementation and testing of positive train control across a growing number of routes in our network also negatively impacted overall average train speed and terminal dwell. Our 2017 adjusted operating income of more than $7.8 billion, an 8% increase compared to 2016, reflects our ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. The capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments.