item 1a.   risk factors risks relating to our business if our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business.
the da vinci surgical system and our other products represent a fundamentally new way of performing surgery. achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of da vinci surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery will be crucial to our success. if our products fail to achieve market acceptance, customers will not purchase our products and we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. we believe that physicians and third-party payors' acceptance of the benefits of procedures performed using our products will be essential for acceptance of our products by patients. physicians will not recommend the use of our products unless we can demonstrate that they produce results comparable or superior to existing surgical techniques. even if we can prove the effectiveness of our products through clinical trials, surgeons may elect not to use our products for any number of other reasons. for example, cardiologists may continue to recommend conventional heart surgery simply because such surgery is already widely accepted. in addition, surgeons may be slow to adopt our products because of the perceived liability risks arising from the use of new products and the uncertainty of reimbursement from third-party payors, particularly in light of ongoing health care reform initiatives.
we expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. market acceptance could be delayed by the time required to complete this training. we may not be able to rapidly train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products.
economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company.
in recent years, the global economic downturn, as well as credit and sovereign debt concerns in certain european countries, as well as concerns about continued slowed economic growth in china and other international markets, have caused economic uncertainty, disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates and energy costs, concerns about inflation, slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns. uncertainty about current global economic conditions continues to pose a risk as customers may choose to postpone or reduce spending in response to restraints on credit. there could be additional effects from adverse conditions in the credit markets on our business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance the development and/or manufacture of our products resulting in product delays, and the inability of our customers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. if economic conditions worsen, or our forecasted demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
17
because our markets are highly competitive, customers may choose to purchase our competitors' products or services or may not accept da vinci surgery, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share.
da vinci surgery is a relatively new technology that competes with established and emerging treatment options in both disease management and reconstructive medical procedures. these competitive treatment options include conventional mis, open surgery, interventional approaches, or pharmacological regimens. some of these procedures are widely accepted in the medical community and in many cases have a long history of use. technological advances could make such treatments more effective or less expensive than using our products, which could render our products obsolete or unmarketable. studies could be published that show that other treatment options are more beneficial and/or cost-effective than da vinci surgery. we cannot be certain that physicians will use our products to replace or supplement established treatments or that our products will continue to be competitive with current or future technologies.
we may face competition from companies that develop wristed, robotic or computer-assisted surgical systems and products in the future. the following companies introduced products in the field of robotic surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field: auris surgical robotics inc., cambridge medical robotics ltd, imris inc., johnson & johnson and google inc. and their joint venture, verb surgical inc., medrobotics corp., meerecompany inc., medtronic plc, olympus corp., samsung corporation, transenterix inc., and titan medical inc. companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of surgical robotics and become a competitor. our revenues may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. if we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer. we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. in addition, third-party service providers that provide service to da vinci surgical system operators may emerge and compete with us on price or offerings. to date, substantially all of our customers have sourced services on their da vinci surgical systems from us through service contract commitments or time and materials contracts. if we are unable to compete successfully with any third-party service providers, our revenues may suffer.
recently, third party entities have begun to offer robotic surgery consulting services targeted at analyzing the cost-effectiveness of hospitals' robotic surgery programs, including procedures performed, placement of systems, and consumption of instruments and accessories. we currently provide similar services and analysis to our customers, but it is difficult to assess the impact that this may have on our business.
our customers may use unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share.
a large portion of our revenue is generated through our sales of instruments and accessories. third parties have attempted to and may discover ways to manufacture and sell counterfeit reprocessed instruments and/or alter instruments that are compatible and function with the da vinci surgical system, and such activities may reduce our market share. while our sales arrangements with customers generally prohibit the use of unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories with the da vinci surgical systems, and warranties will be void if such instruments and accessories are used, and a programmed memory chip inside each instrument is designed to prevent the instrument from being used for more than the prescribed number of procedures to help ensure that its performance meets specifications during each procedure, these measures may not prevent the use of unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories by our customers. in addition to potential reductions to our revenues and market share, sales of unauthorized instruments and accessories by third parties may create safety and health risks to da vinci patients and could cause negative publicity for us if these products cause injuries and/or do not function as intended when used with the da vinci surgical systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
new product introductions may adversely impact our financial results.
we introduce new products with enhanced features and extended capabilities from time to time. our products are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in order to sell our new products. if a potential purchaser believes that we plan to introduce a new product in the near future or if a potential purchaser is located in a country where a new product that we have introduced has not yet received regulatory approval, planned purchases may be deferred or delayed. as a result, new product introductions may adversely impact our financial results.
we expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our gross profit margins have fluctuated from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. our gross profit margins may be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:
•   changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of da vinci surgical system models sold;
•   changes in the portion of sales involving a trade-in of another system and the amount of trade-in credits given;
18
•   introduction of new products, which may have lower margins than our existing products;
•   our ability to maintain or reduce production costs;
•   changes to our pricing strategy;
•   changes in competition;
•   changes in production volume driven by demand for our products;
•   changes in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs;
•   inventory obsolescence and product recall charges; and
•   market conditions.
if we are unable to offset the unfavorable impact of the factors noted above by increasing the volume of products shipped, reducing product manufacturing costs or otherwise, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
we experience long and variable capital sales cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results.
our da vinci surgical system has a lengthy sales and purchase order cycle because it is a major capital item and its purchase generally requires the approval of senior management of hospitals, their parent organizations, purchasing groups, and government bodies, as applicable. in addition, sales to some of our customers are subject to competitive bidding or public tender processes. these approval processes can be lengthy. in addition, idn groups are creating larger networks of da vinci system operators, have increasing purchasing power, and are increasingly evaluating their da vinci surgery programs to optimize the efficiency of the da vinci system operations. as a result, hospitals may delay or accelerate system purchases in conjunction with timing of their capital budget timelines.  further, the introduction of new products could adversely impact our sales cycle as customers take additional time to assess the benefits and costs of such products. as a result, it is difficult for us to predict the length of capital sales cycles and, therefore, the exact timing of capital sales.  historically, our sales of da vinci surgical systems have tended to be heaviest during the third month of each fiscal quarter, lighter in the first and third fiscal quarters and heavier in the fourth fiscal quarter.
we have experienced procedure growth for a number of benign conditions, including hysterectomies for benign conditions, sacrocolpopexies, hernia repair, cholecystectomies, and certain other surgeries. many of these types of surgeries may be postponed in the short term by patients to avoid vacation periods and for other personal scheduling reasons.  patients may also accelerate procedures to take advantage of insurance funding cut-off dates.  historically, we have experienced lower procedure volume in the first and third fiscal quarters and higher procedure volume in the second and fourth fiscal quarters.  timing of procedures and changes in procedure growth directly affect the timing of instrument and accessory purchases and capital purchases by customers.
the above factors may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. because of these fluctuations, it is possible that in some future quarters our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if that happens, the market price of our stock would likely decrease. these fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that you will not be able to rely upon our operating results in any particular period as an indication of future performance.
sales outside of the u.s. account for a significant portion of our revenues, which exposes us to risks inherent in operations outside of the u.s. our growth may be limited if we are unable to successfully manage our activities outside of the u.s.
our business currently depends in part on our activities in markets outside of the u.s. revenue from markets outside of the united states accounted for approximately 29%, 30%, and 28% of our revenue for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. we are subject to a number of challenges that specifically relate to our ous business activities. these challenges include:
•   failure to obtain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights as we have in the united states;
•   protectionist laws and business practices that favor local competitors, which could slow our growth in ous markets;
•   local or national regulations that make it difficult or impractical to market or use our products;
•   inability or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders;
•   the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-u.s. operations;
•   the expense of establishing facilities and operations in new foreign markets; and
•   building and maintaining an organization capable of supporting geographically dispersed operations.
19
a large portion of our ous sales are denominated in u.s. dollars. as a result, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive and/or less affordable in ous markets. if we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges our ous operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business.
we utilize distributors for a portion of our sales, which subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business.
we have strategic relationships with a number of key distributors for sales and service of our products in certain foreign countries. if these strategic relationships are terminated and not replaced, our revenues and/or ability to service our products in the markets serviced by these distributors could be adversely affected. in addition, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits against our distributors related to sales or service of our products performed by them. please see our risk factor below titled "unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect our financial condition." the actions of our distributors may affect our ability to effectively market our products in certain foreign countries or regulatory jurisdictions if the distributor holds the regulatory authorization in such countries or within such regions and causes, by action or inaction, the suspension of such marketing authorization or sanctions for non-compliance. it may be difficult, expensive and time consuming for us to re-establish market access or regulatory compliance in such case.
we are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, which could result in material losses.
we believe customer financing through leasing is an important consideration for some of our customers and have experienced an increase in demand for customer financing. we may experience loss from a customer's failure to make payments according to the contractual lease terms. our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors.
although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing credit risks relating to these lease financing arrangements. although we have not experienced significant credit losses to date, should the level of credit losses we experience in the future exceed our expectations, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we may incur losses associated with currency fluctuations and may not be able to effectively hedge our exposure.
our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. our primary exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relates to revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects our foreign currency-denominated revenue. margins on ous revenue could also be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as we may not be able to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the u.s. dollar. conversely, the strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated revenue and earnings, may cause us to reduce pricing on our products in our markets outside of the u.s. and may cause us to incur losses on our foreign currency hedging instruments, thereby limiting the benefit that strengthened foreign currencies could have on our results of operations.
we attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity, and expense. although we have established a hedging program to partially hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to transactions denominated in the euro, japanese yen, korean won, british pound, and the swiss franc, and we regularly review our hedging program and make adjustments as necessary, our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial impact caused by unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
we are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market value of our investments.
our investment portfolio includes both domestic and international investments. the credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity concerns, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could fluctuate substantially. our other income and expense could also vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of investments, impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments, changes in interest rates, increases or decreases in cash balances, volatility in foreign exchange rates, and changes in fair value of derivative instruments. increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty could increase the risk that actual amounts realized on our investments may differ significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them.
while we have not realized any significant losses on our cash equivalents or marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
20
if defects are discovered in our products, we may incur additional unforeseen costs, hospitals may not purchase our products and our reputation may suffer.
our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products. while we subject components sourced and products manufactured to stringent quality specifications and processes, our products incorporate mechanical parts, electrical components, optical components, and computer software, any of which may contain errors or exhibit failures, especially when products are first introduced. in addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after commercial shipment. because our products are designed to be used to perform complex surgical procedures, due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure, we and our customers have an increased sensitivity to such defects. in the past, we have voluntarily recalled certain products. although our products are subject to stringent quality processes and controls, we cannot assure that our products will not experience component aging, errors, or performance problems in the future. if we experience product flaws or performance problems, any or all of the following could occur:
•   delays in product shipments;
•   loss of revenue;
•   delay in market acceptance;
•   diversion of our resources;
•   damage to our reputation;
•   product recalls;
•   regulatory actions;
•   increased service or warranty costs; or
•   product liability claims.
costs associated with product flaws or performance problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are subject to product liability and negligence claims relating to the use of our products that could be expensive, divert management's attention and harm our business.
our business exposes us to significant risks of product liability claims, which are inherent to the medical device industry. product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class. we currently are subject to product liability claims, which are described in more detail in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, and which have been brought by or on behalf of individuals alleging that they have sustained personal injuries and/or death as a result of purported product defects, the alleged failure to warn, and/or the alleged inadequate training by us of physicians regarding the use of the da vinci surgical system. the individuals who have brought the product liability claims seek recovery for the alleged personal injuries and in many cases, punitive damages. current product liability claims have resulted in negative publicity regarding our company, and these and any other product liability or negligence claims or product recalls also could harm our reputation. please see our risk factor below titled "negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues" for additional risks related to the potential effects of negative publicity on our business.
the outcome of product liability litigation is inherently uncertain and difficult to quantify, and the magnitude of potential damages, if any, may not be known for a substantial period of time. in addition, we self-insure our product liability risks. current or future product liability claims, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs). it is possible that product liability claims and legal costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues.
there have been articles published and papers written questioning patient safety and efficacy associated with da vinci surgery, the cost of da vinci surgery relative to other disease management methods, and the adequacy of surgeon training. negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues. in addition, significant negative publicity could result in an increased number of product liability claims, regardless of whether these claims are meritorious. the number of claims could be further increased by plaintiffs' law firms that use a wide variety of media to advertise their services and solicit clients for product liability cases against us.
21
unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
we are and may become subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. certain current lawsuits and pending proceedings, including purported class action and derivative lawsuits and product liability litigation, are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
the results of these lawsuits and other legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. accordingly, we cannot determine whether our insurance coverage would be sufficient to cover the costs or potential losses related to these lawsuits and proceedings. in addition, we self-insure our products liability risks. regardless of merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. if we do not prevail in the purported class action and derivative lawsuit, product liability litigation, or other legal proceedings, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are subject to significant, uninsured liabilities.
for certain risks, we do not maintain insurance coverage because of cost and/or availability. for example, we self-insure our product liability risks and we indemnify our directors and officers for third-party claims and do not insure for the underlying losses. we also do not carry, among other types of coverage, earthquake insurance. in addition, in the future, we may not continue to maintain certain existing insurance coverage or adequate levels of coverage. premiums for many types of insurance have increased significantly in recent years, and depending on market conditions and our circumstances, in the future, certain types of insurance such as directors' and officers' insurance may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. because we retain some portion of our insurable risks, and in some cases we are self-insured completely, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insurance coverage could require us to pay substantial amounts, which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we may encounter manufacturing problems or delays that could result in lost revenue.
manufacturing our products is a complex process. we (or our critical suppliers) may encounter difficulties in scaling up or maintaining production of our products, including:
•   problems involving production yields;
•   quality control and assurance;
•   component supply shortages;
•   import or export restrictions on components, materials or technology;
•   shortages of qualified personnel; and
•   compliance with state, federal and foreign regulations.
if demand for our products exceeds our manufacturing capacity, we could develop a substantial backlog of customer orders. if we are unable to maintain larger-scale manufacturing capabilities, our ability to generate revenues will be limited and our reputation in the marketplace could be damaged, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our reliance on sole and single source suppliers could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget.
some of the components necessary for the assembly of our products are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers. we generally purchase components through purchase orders rather than long-term supply agreements and generally do not maintain large volumes of inventory. while alternative suppliers exist and could be identified for sole-sourced components, the disruption or termination of the supply of components could cause a significant increase in the costs of these components, which could affect our operating results. a disruption or termination in the supply of components could also result in our inability to meet demand for our products, which could harm our ability to generate revenues, lead to customer dissatisfaction and damage our reputation. furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a key component of our products, we may be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. the delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could delay our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner or within budget, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if institutions or surgeons are unable to obtain coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products, or if reimbursement is insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing our products, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to support our business.
22
in the united states, hospitals generally bill for the services performed with our products to various third-party payors, such as medicare, medicaid, and other government programs and private insurance plans. if hospitals do not obtain sufficient reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures performed with our products, or if government and private payors' policies do not cover surgical procedures performed using our products, we may not be able to generate the revenues necessary to support our business. our success in ous markets also depends upon the eligibility of our products for coverage and reimbursement through government-sponsored health care payment systems and third-party payors. reimbursement practices vary significantly by country. many ous markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. other foreign markets have both private insurance systems and government-managed systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. market acceptance of our products may depend on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement in any country within a particular time. in addition, health care cost containment efforts similar to those in the united states are prevalent in many of the other countries in which we intend to sell our products and these efforts are expected to continue. please see our risk factor below titled "healthcare reform legislation in the u.s. may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations" for additional risks related to the ability of institutions or surgeons to obtain reimbursements.
if we lose our key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional personnel, our ability to compete will be harmed.
we are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. our product development plans depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain engineers with experience in mechanics, electronics, software and optics. attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. we may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among technology and healthcare companies and universities. the loss of any of these persons or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business and our ability to compete.
natural or other disasters could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or in higher expenses.
natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions, including but not limited to internet security threats, could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. for example, the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami in japan and their aftermath created economic uncertainty and disrupted economic activities in japan, including a reduction in hospital spending. furthermore, our corporate headquarters and many of our operations, including certain of our manufacturing facilities, are located in california, a seismically active region. we do not have multiple-site capacity for all of our operations in the event of a business disruption. a natural disaster in any of our major markets, or an unanticipated business disruption caused, for example, by internet security threats, damage to global communication networks, or similar events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
epidemic diseases or the perception of their effect could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the ebola virus, middle east respiratory syndrome, severe acute respiratory syndrome, or the h1n1 virus, could divert medical resources and priorities towards the treatment of that disease. an outbreak of a contagious disease could also negatively affect hospital admission rates. this could negatively impact the number of da vinci procedures performed and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we may enter into collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third parties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
from time to time, we enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships to complement or augment our research and development, product development, training, procedure development, and marketing efforts. proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. in addition, other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. as a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete any such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or on otherwise favorable terms, if it all. even if we do complete such arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will achieve expected results to justify the transaction.
entering into a collaboration agreement or similar transaction may involve significant expense and divert the focus or attention of our management and other key personnel. any of these agreements may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near and long-term expenditures, or disrupt our ordinary business activities. such arrangements may also expose us
23
to numerous known and unknown risks, including unique risks with respect to the economic, political and regulatory environment of any foreign entities with whom we partner.  in addition, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding any collaboration or other arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our collaborators may have economic or business interests that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our interests. it is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations, termination rights or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if we fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products and technology, we may not realize expected benefits or our business may be harmed.
we need to grow our businesses in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. in some circumstances, we may decide to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary businesses, products, or technologies rather than through internal development. for example, we acquired certain intellectual property, know-how, and employees from luna innovations, inc. in january 2014 and reacquired the japan distribution rights from our former japanese distributor in june 2014. if we are unable to effectively transition the sales, marketing, regulatory and other operational functions in japan, our japanese business could be disrupted.
identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or successfully complete identified acquisitions. in addition, completing an acquisition can divert our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could harm our business and affect our financial results. even if we complete an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products, technologies, or employees into our operations, or may not fully realize some of the expected synergies. an acquired company may have deficiencies in product quality or regulatory marketing authorizations which are not detected during due diligence activities or which are unasserted at the time of acquisition. it may be difficult, expensive and time consuming for us to re-establish market access, regulatory compliance, or cure such deficiencies in product quality in such cases which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, or cash flows.
integrating an acquisition can also be expensive and time-consuming, and may strain our resources. in many instances, integrating a new business will also involve implementing or improving internal controls appropriate for a public company at a business that lacks them. in addition, we may be unable to retain the employees of acquired companies, or the acquired company's customers, suppliers, distributors, or other partners for a variety of reasons, including that these entities may be our competitors or may have close relationships with our competitors, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
changes to financial accounting standards may affect our reported results of operations.
a change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. new accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing standards or the reevaluation of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
we use estimates, make judgments and apply certain methods in measuring the progress of our business in determining our financial results and in applying our accounting policies. as these estimates, judgments, and methods change, our assessment of the progress of our business and our results of operations could vary.
the methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations. such methods, estimates, and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time may lead us to change our methods, estimates, and judgments. changes in any of our assumptions may adversely affect our reported financial results.
we utilize methods for determining surgical market sizes as well as the number and type (cancerous or benign) of certain da vinci procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. our estimates of surgical market sizes or the number and type of da vinci procedures performed do not have an impact on our results of operations, but are used to estimate the progress of our business. estimates and judgments for determining surgical market sizes and the number and type of da vinci procedures and the accuracy of these estimates may be impacted over time with changes in treatment modalities, hospital reporting behavior, distributor reporting behavior, increases in procedures per field employee, and other factors.  in addition, from time to time, we may change the method for determining market sizes and the number and type of da vinci procedures, causing variation in our reporting.
24
changes in our effective tax rate may impact our results of operations.
we are subject to taxes in the u.s. and other jurisdictions. tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic and/or political conditions. a number of other factors may also impact our future effective tax rate including:
•   the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed;
•   the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;
•   changes in valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•   increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;
•   changes in availability of tax credits, tax holidays, and tax deductions;
•   changes in share-based compensation;
•   changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles; and
•   the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings for which we have not previously provided for u.s. taxes.
any significant increase in our future effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations and financial condition.
information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and accurately produce our financial statements. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. if our data management systems do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.
our business requires us to use and store customer, employee and business partner personally identifiable information ("pii"). this may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers and payment account information. we require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. we also use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. these security measures may be compromised as a result of third-party security breaches, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems.
while we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption and other security measures to protect our systems and data, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. we may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. the costs to us to eliminate or alleviate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service and may harm our business operations. moreover, if a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of pii, our reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of our products and services could decrease. we would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
risks relating to our regulatory environment healthcare reform legislation in the u.s. may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in march 2010, the u.s. president signed the patient protection and affordable care act, as amended by the health care and education reconciliation act (collectively, the "ppaca"), which makes changes that are expected to significantly impact the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. one of the principal aims of the ppaca as currently enacted is to expand health insurance coverage to an estimated 24 million americans who are currently uninsured. the consequences of the coverage expansions on the sales of our products are unknown and speculative at this point.
25
the ppaca contains a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund health insurance coverage expansions among other things. this includes fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. for sales on or after january 1, 2013, medical device manufacturers were required to pay an excise tax (or sales tax) of 2.3% of certain u.s. medical device revenues. though there were some exceptions to the excise tax, this excise tax did apply to all or most of our products sold within the united states. in december 2015, president obama signed into law the appropriations act.  the appropriations act includes a two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax such that medical device revenues in 2016 and 2017 will be exempt from the excise tax. unless there is further legislative action during that two-year period, the tax will be automatically reinstated for sales of medical devices on or after january 1, 2018. the ppaca also establishes a new patient-centered outcomes research institute to oversee and identify priorities in comparative clinical effectiveness research in an effort to coordinate and develop such research; implements payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models; and creates an independent payment advisory board that will submit recommendations to reduce medicare spending if projected medicare spending exceeds a specified growth rate.
the ppaca provisions on comparative clinical effectiveness research also extend the initiatives of the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, known as the stimulus package, which included $1.1 billion in funding to study the comparative effectiveness of health care treatments and strategies. this stimulus funding was designated for, among other things, conducting, supporting or reviewing research that compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products. the ppaca appropriates additional funding to comparative clinical effectiveness research. although congress has indicated that this funding is intended to improve the quality of health care, it remains unclear how the research will impact current medicare coverage and reimbursement or how new information will influence other third-party payor policies. the taxes imposed by the ppaca and the expansion in the government's role in the u.s. healthcare industry may result in decreased profits to us, lower reimbursement by payors for our products, and/or reduced medical procedure volumes, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
in addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ppaca was enacted. on august 2, 2011, the u.s. president signed into law the budget control act of 2011, which, among other things, creates the joint select committee on deficit reduction to recommend proposals in spending reductions to congress. the joint select committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, triggering the legislation's automatic reduction to several government programs. this included aggregate reductions to medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on april 1, 2013, and will remain in effect through 2025 unless additional congressional action is taken. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. macra repealed the formula by which medicare made annual payment adjustments to physicians and replaced the former formula with fixed annual updates and a new system of incentive payments scheduled to begin in 2019 that are based on various performance measures and physicians' participation in alternative payment models such as accountable care organizations. it is unclear what impact macra may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we expect that additional state and federal health care reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and our ability to successfully commercialize our products or could limit or eliminate our spending on certain development projects.
the u.s. government has in the past considered, is currently considering, and may in the future consider healthcare policies and proposals intended to curb rising healthcare costs, including those that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for healthcare services. state and local governments, as well as a number of foreign governments, are also considering or have adopted similar types of policies. future significant changes in the healthcare systems in the united states or elsewhere, and current uncertainty about whether and how changes may be implemented, could have a negative impact on the demand for our products. we are unable to predict whether other healthcare policies, including policies stemming from legislation or regulations affecting our business may be proposed or enacted in the future; what effect such policies would have on our business; or the effect ongoing uncertainty about these matters will have on the purchasing decisions of our customers.
we are subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing our business practices which, if violated, could result in substantial penalties. additionally, challenges to or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to and thus could harm our business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act requires us to track and disclose the source of any tantalum, tin, gold, and tungsten used in manufacturing which may originate in the democratic republic of the congo or adjoining regions (so called "conflict minerals"). these metals are central to the technology industry and are present in some of our products as component parts. in most cases no acceptable alternative material exists which has the necessary properties. because it is not
26
possible to determine the source of the metals by analysis, we must obtain a good faith description of the source of the intermediate components and raw materials from parties in our supply chain. the components that incorporate those metals may originate from many sources and we purchase fabricated products from manufacturers who may have a long and difficult-to-trace supply chain. as the spot price of these materials varies, producers of the metal intermediates can be expected to change the mix of sources used. accordingly, components and assemblies we buy may have a mix of sources as their origin. we are required to carry out a diligent effort to determine and disclose the source of these materials. there can be no assurance we can obtain this information accurately or reliably, or at all, from intermediate producers who may be unwilling or unable to provide this information or further identify their sources of supply or to notify us if these sources change. in addition, these metals are subject to price fluctuations and shortages which can affect our ability to obtain the manufactured materials we rely on at favorable terms or from consistent sources. these changes could have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture and market our devices and products.
the medicare and medicaid anti-kickback laws, and several similar state laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, prohibit payments or other remuneration that could be considered to induce hospitals, physicians or other potential purchasers of our products either to refer patients or to purchase, lease or order, or arrange for or recommend the purchase, lease or order, of healthcare products or services for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such as medicare and medicaid and any other third-party payor programs. further, the ppaca, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal health care fraud statutes. a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. in addition, the ppaca provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. although we would not submit claims directly to government payors, manufacturers can be held liable under the federal false claim act if they are deemed to "cause" the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label.
these laws may affect our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements we may have with hospitals, physicians or other potential purchasers of our products. they particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including discount practices, customer support, education and training programs, physician consulting and other service arrangements. these laws are broadly written, and it is often difficult to determine precisely how these laws will be applied to specific circumstances. violating anti-kickback laws can result in civil and criminal penalties, which can be substantial and include exclusion from government healthcare programs for noncompliance. even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity, and be costly to defend, and thus could harm our business and results of operations.
the ppaca also imposes new reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any "transfer of value" made or distributed to prescribers and other healthcare providers. such information must be made publicly available in a searchable format. in addition, device manufacturers are required to report and disclose any ownership or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members, as well as any transfers of value made to such physician owners and investors, during the preceding calendar year. failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of $150,000 per year (and up to an aggregate of $1 million per year for "knowing failures"), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission. device manufacturers are required to submit reports to cms by the 90th day of each calendar year.
in addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians, including the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. certain states mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. the shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may be found out of compliance of one or more of the requirements, subjecting us to significant civil monetary penalties.
compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our ous operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions and could expose us or our employees to fines and penalties in the united states and/or abroad. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act of 2010, which became effective on july 1, 2011. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies.
27
our products are subject to a lengthy and uncertain domestic regulatory review process. if we do not obtain and maintain the necessary domestic regulatory authorizations, we will not be able to provide our products in the united states.
our products and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the united states by the fda. the fda regulates the development, bench and clinical testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, promotion, sales, distribution and post-market support and medical device reporting in the united states to ensure that medical products distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. in order for us to market certain products for use in the united states, we generally must first obtain clearance from the fda pursuant to section 510(k) of the federal food drug and cosmetic act ("ffdca"). clearance under section 510(k) requires demonstration that a new device is substantially equivalent to another device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered ("pre-amendment") status. if we significantly modify our products after they receive fda clearance, the fda may require us to submit a separate 510(k) or premarket approval application ("pma") for the modified product before we are permitted to market the products in the united states. in addition, if we develop products in the future that are not considered to be substantially equivalent to a device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered status, we will be required to obtain fda approval by submitting a pma. a pma is typically a much more complex, lengthy and burdensome application than a 510(k). to support a pma, the fda would likely require that we conduct one or more clinical studies to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. in some cases such studies may be requested for a 510(k) as well. the fda may not act favorably or quickly in its review of our 510(k) or pma submissions, or we may encounter significant difficulties and costs in our efforts to obtain fda clearance or approval, all of which could delay or preclude the sale of new products in the united states. moreover, we may not be able to meet the requirements to obtain 510(k) clearance or pma approval, in which case the fda may not grant any necessary clearances or approvals. in addition, the fda may place significant limitations upon the intended use of our products as a condition to a 510(k) clearance or pma approval. product applications can also be denied or withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory requirements or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following clearance or approval. any delays or failure to obtain fda clearance or approvals of new products we develop, any limitations imposed by the fda on new product use, or the costs of obtaining fda clearance or approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, the fda or other regulatory agencies may change their policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently approved or cleared products on a timely basis. we may be found noncompliant as a result of future changes in, or interpretations of, regulations by the fda or other regulatory agencies.
in order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a medical device, a company must, among other things, apply for and obtain institutional review board ("irb") approval of the proposed investigation. in addition, if the clinical study involves a "significant risk" (as defined by the fda) to human health, the sponsor of the investigation must also submit and obtain fda approval of an investigational device exemption ("ide") application. many of our products to date have been or would be considered significant risk devices requiring ide approval prior to investigational use. we may not be able to obtain fda and/or irb approval to undertake clinical trials in the united states for any new devices we intend to market in the united states in the future. if we obtain such approvals, we may not be able to conduct studies which comply with the ide and other regulations governing clinical investigations or the data from any such trials may not support clearance or approval of the investigational device. failure to obtain such approvals or to comply with such regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. certainty that clinical trials will meet desired endpoints, produce meaningful or useful data and be free of unexpected adverse effects, or that the fda will accept the validity of foreign clinical study data cannot be assured, and such uncertainty could preclude or delay market clearance or authorizations resulting in significant financial costs and reduced revenue.
in addition, some products may be regulated by the fda as drugs, biologics or combination devices which carry still greater requirements for clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals.
complying with fda regulations is a complex process, and our failure to comply fully could subject us to significant enforcement actions.
because our products, including the da vinci surgical system, are commercially distributed, numerous quality and post-market regulatory requirements apply, including the following:
•   continued compliance to the qsr, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during the development and manufacturing process;
•   labeling regulations;
•   the fda's general prohibition against false or misleading statements in the labeling or promotion of products for unapproved or "off-label" uses;
28
•   stringent complaint reporting and medical device reporting regulations, which requires that manufacturers keep detailed records of investigations or complaints against their devices and to report to the fda if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur;
•   adequate use of the corrective and preventive actions process to identify and correct or prevent significant systemic failures of products or processes or in trends which suggest same; and
•   the reporting of corrections and removals, which requires that manufacturers report to the fda recalls and field corrective actions taken to reduce a risk to health or to remedy a violation of the ffdca that may pose a risk to health.
we are subject to inspection and marketing surveillance by the fda to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. if the fda finds that we have failed to comply, it can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from inspectional observations (form fda 483) to a public warning letter to more severe civil and criminal sanctions including the seizure of our products and equipment or ban on the import or export of our products. the fda has in the past issued and could in the future issue warning letters or other communications to us. if we fail to satisfy or remediate the matters discussed in any such warning letters or communications, the fda could take further enforcement action, including prohibiting the sale or marketing of the affected product. our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the receipt of a warning letter places certain limits on the ability to obtain fda issued certificates to foreign government ("cfgs") used for new and re-registration of products in certain foreign countries.
the fda also strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion, and other activities relating to the marketing of our products. medical devices may be promoted only for their cleared or approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the cleared or approved label. it is possible that federal or state enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under a variety of statutory authorities, including under the ffdca as well as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement.
in addition, any modification or change of medical devices cleared for market requires the manufacturer to make a determination whether the change is significant enough to require new 510(k) clearance. we have created labeling, advertising and user training for the da vinci surgical system to describe specific surgical procedures that we believe are fully within the scope of our existing 510(k) indications for use stated in our 510(k) clearances. although we have relied on expert in-house and external staff, consultants and advisors, many of whom were formerly employed by fda and familiar with fda requirements, we cannot assure that the fda would agree that all such specific procedures are within the scope of the existing general clearance or that we have compiled adequate information to support the safety and efficacy of using the da vinci surgical system for all such specific procedures. from time to time we modify our products, including the hardware and software in the da vinci surgical system, after we obtain 510(k) clearance from the fda for the devices in ways that we do not believe require new 510(k) clearance. we cannot assure that the fda would agree in all cases with our determinations not to seek new 510(k) clearance for any of these changes. if the fda disagrees with our assessments that a new 510(k) clearance was not required prior to commercializing the devices with these changes or modifications, then the fda could impose enforcement sanctions and/or require us to obtain 510(k) clearance for any modification to our products. we may be prohibited from marketing the modified device until such 510(k) clearance is granted.
we have a wholly owned manufacturing facility located in mexicali, mexico which manufactures reusable and disposable surgical instruments. this facility is registered with the fda as well as mexican authorities. the facility is operated under u.s. and international quality system regulations including those applicable to canada, the european union, and japan among others. our wholly owned manufacturing facility in mexicali, mexico has an fda establishment registration but has not been inspected by the fda to date. if the fda were to determine non-conformances in our product documentation or quality system compliance, they could hold indefinitely the importation of instruments at the border which would deprive us of the ability to sell and supply the majority of our customers until the fda requirements have been satisfied. similar supply disruptions could occur if key suppliers outside of u.s. were to encounter non-conformances with their documentation or quality system compliance.
our products are subject to various international regulatory processes and approval requirements. if we do not obtain and maintain the necessary international regulatory approvals, we will not be able to provide our products in foreign countries.
to be able to provide our products in other countries, we must obtain regulatory approvals and comply with the regulations of those countries which may differ substantially from those of the united states. these regulations, including the requirements for approvals and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. obtaining and maintaining foreign regulatory approvals is complex, and we cannot be certain that we will receive regulatory approvals in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products, or to obtain such approvals on a favorable schedule. if we fail to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products, our ability to generate revenue will be harmed. in particular, if the fda refuses to provide cfgs our ability to register products or renew such registrations may be delayed or denied.
29
the eu requires that manufacturers of medical products obtain the right to affix the ce mark to their products before selling them in member countries of the eu. the ce mark is an international symbol of adherence to quality assurance standards and compliance with applicable european medical device directives. in order to obtain the authorization to affix the ce mark to products, a manufacturer must obtain certification that its processes meet certain european quality standards. in january 1999, we received permission to affix the ce mark to our da vinci surgical system and endowrist instruments and have maintained this authorization continuously since that time. from time to time we seek the authorization to affix the ce mark to new or modified products. subsequent products and accessories have received marketing authorization by our notified body, dgm. in september 2013, we received notice that dgm has changed their name to presafe following acquisition by a larger notified body. the change did not have any impact on our operations other than replacement of various quality system certificates with the new name.
as we modify existing products or develop new products in the future, including new instruments, we currently plan to apply for authorization to affix the ce mark to such products. in addition, we will be subject to annual regulatory audits in order to maintain the ce mark authorizations we have already obtained including inspection of our compliance to required standards and directives. we cannot be certain we will be able to affix the ce mark for new or modified products or that we will continue to meet the quality and performance standards required to maintain the authorizations we have already received. if we are unable to maintain permission to affix the ce mark to our products, we will no longer be able to sell our products in member countries of the eu and many affiliated countries that accept the ce mark, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. some member states of the european union have additional requirements for registration and notification which may add to the time and effort to obtain market access. in addition, the regulations applied to end users of our products may increase over time, forcing us to provide additional solutions to regulations which do not apply directly to us, but which apply indirectly as they may limit our customers' ability to use our products.
to date, we received shonin approval from the japanese ministry of health, labor and welfare ("mhlw") for our da vinci s, si, and xi surgical systems and various associated instruments and accessories for use in certain da vinci procedures. we may seek additional approvals for other products and/or procedures, however, there can be no assurance that such approvals will be granted. in addition, because not all of our instruments have received shonin approval, and reimbursement is an additional process to generate market acceptance, it is possible that approved procedures will be adopted slowly or not at all. sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are reimbursed by governmental health administration authorities. to date, we have received reimbursement approval for prostatectomy in japan. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures including those that require in-country clinical data and which are considered for reimbursed status in april of even numbered years. if we are not successful in obtaining the necessary reimbursement approvals or obtaining approvals for future products and procedures, then the demand for our products could be limited. these limitations could eliminate a significant market opportunity for our products in japan.
our capital sales in china are subject to importation authorizations and central purchasing tender processes. therefore, future system sales and our ability to grow future procedure volumes are dependent on the completion of these central purchasing tender authorizations, the most recent of which expired at the end of 2015. the timing and magnitude of these future authorizations, which may determine our system placements in future years, is not certain and we expect to continue to experience variability in the timing of capital sales in china.
if our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state or other manufacturing standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, import/export of our products and/or recall some products which would result in significant product delivery delays and lost revenue.
our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities and our operations will continue to be regulated and inspected by the fda and other regulatory agencies for compliance with good manufacturing practice requirements contained in the qsr and other regulatory requirements. we are also required to comply with international organization for standardization ("iso") quality system standards as well as european directives and norms in order to produce products for sale in the european union. in addition, many countries such as canada and japan have very specific additional regulatory requirements for quality assurance and manufacturing. if we fail to continue to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements, as well as iso or other regulatory standards, we may be required to cease all or part of our operations until we comply with these regulations.
we continue to be subject to fda and certain other inspections at any time. maintaining such compliance is difficult and costly. we cannot be certain that our facilities will be found to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements or iso standards and other regulatory requirements in future inspections and audits by regulatory authorities.
our sunnyvale, california facility is licensed by the state of california to manufacture medical devices. we have been subject to periodic inspections by the california department of health services food and drug branch and, if we are unable to maintain this license following any future inspections, we will be unable to manufacture or ship some products, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in 2012 the state of california announced suspension of routine inspections but this
30
policy could be modified or inspections could be resumed for specific circumstances. in addition, both our sunnyvale, california and mexicali, mexico facilities are subject to periodic inspections by other regulatory bodies, including third party auditors on behalf of national regulatory authorities. compliance with multiple regulatory standards is complex, difficult and costly to maintain, and material deficiencies could result in significant limitations on our ability to manufacture, transport and sell our products in one or more countries.
if hospitals and other surgery facilities do not continue to meet federal, state or other regulatory standards, they may be required to temporarily cease all or part of their da vinci utilization.
our global customers are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. our customers are required to comply with applicable local and international regulations, including with respect to the reprocessing of da vinci instruments and accessories. hospitals may not follow cleaning and sterilization instructions properly, or equipment used for cleaning and sterilization may malfunction or be used improperly. if our customers deviate from cleaning and sterilization instructions, regulatory authorities may require them to suspend use of da vinci surgical systems.
risks relating to our intellectual property if we are unable to replace our patents by the time they expire or to fully protect our intellectual property from use by third parties, our ability to compete in the market will be harmed.
new competitors have emerged and will continue to emerge in medical robotics. we also do not know whether we will be able to develop additional patentable proprietary technologies as older patents expire. our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining patent and other intellectual property protection for the technologies contained in our products, and on successfully defending our patents and other intellectual property against third-party challenges. we will incur substantial costs in obtaining patents and, if necessary, defending our proprietary rights. the patent positions of medical device companies, including ours, can be highly uncertain and involve complex and evolving legal and factual questions. we do not know whether we will obtain the patent protection we seek, or that the protection we do obtain will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. we also do not know whether we will be able to develop additional patentable proprietary technologies. we may also determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily challenge a third party's products or patents in litigation or administrative proceedings, including patent oppositions, reviews, or reexaminations. furthermore, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the united states.
in addition to patents, we typically rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and technical security measures to protect our intellectual property rights. nevertheless, these measures may not be adequate to safeguard the technology underlying our products. if these measures do not protect our rights adequately, third parties could use our technology, and our ability to compete in the market would be reduced. in addition, employees, consultants and others who participate in developing our products may breach their agreements with us regarding our intellectual property, and we may not have adequate remedies for the breach. we also may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights in some foreign countries. for a variety of reasons, we may decide not to file for patent, copyright or trademark protection in some or all countries outside the united states. we also realize that our trade secrets may become known through other means not currently foreseen by us. notwithstanding our efforts to protect our intellectual property, our competitors may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or products that are equal or superior to our technology and products without infringing any of our intellectual property rights, or may design around our proprietary technologies, which would harm our ability to compete in the market.
others may assert that our products infringe their intellectual property rights, which may cause us to engage in costly disputes and, if we are not successful in defending ourselves, could also cause us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from selling our products.
there may be u.s. and foreign patents issued to third parties that relate to our products. some of these patents may be broad enough to cover one or more aspects of our present or future technology. we do not know whether any of these patents, if challenged, would be held valid, enforceable and infringed. from time to time, we receive, and likely will continue to receive, letters from third parties accusing us of infringing and/or inviting us to license their patents. we may be sued by, or become involved in an administrative proceeding with, one or more of these third parties.
we cannot assure that a court or administrative body would agree with any arguments or defenses we may have concerning invalidity, unenforceability or non-infringement of any third-party patent. in addition to the issued patents of which we are aware, other parties may have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering products that are similar or identical to ours. we cannot assure that any patents issuing from applications filed by a third party will not cover our products or will not have priority over our patent applications.
31
the medical device industry has been characterized by extensive litigation and administrative proceedings regarding patents and other intellectual property rights, and companies have employed such actions to gain a competitive advantage. if third parties assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against us, our technical and management personnel will experience a significant diversion of time and effort and we will incur large expenses defending our company. if third parties in patent administrative proceedings are successful, our patent portfolio may be adversely affected. if third parties in any patent action are successful, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages, and we may be required to stop selling our products or obtain a license which, if available at all, may require us to pay substantial royalties. we cannot be certain that we will have the financial resources or the substantive arguments to defend our patents from infringement or claims of invalidity or unenforceability, or to defend against allegations of infringement of third-party patents. in addition, any public announcements related to litigation or administrative proceedings initiated by us, or initiated or threatened against us, could cause our stock price to decline.
our products rely on licenses from third parties, and if we lose access to these technologies, our revenues could decline.
we rely on technology that we license from others, including technology that is integral to our products. we have entered into license agreements with several industry partners. any of these agreements may be terminated for breach. if any of these agreements are terminated, we may be unable to reacquire the necessary license on satisfactory terms, or at all. the loss or failure to maintain these licenses could prevent or delay further development or commercialization of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
risks relating to our trading markets our future operating results may be below securities analysts' or investors' expectations, which could cause our stock price to decline.
due to the nascent nature of our industry, we have limited insight into trends that may emerge in our market and affect our business. the revenue and income potential of our market are unproven, and we may be unable to continue to generate significant revenues. our products typically have lengthy sales cycles. in addition, our costs may be higher than we anticipated. if we fail to generate sufficient revenues or our costs are higher than we expect, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. further, future revenue from sales of our products is difficult to forecast because the market for new surgical technologies is still evolving. our results of operations will depend upon numerous factors, including:
•   the extent to which our products achieve and maintain market acceptance;
•   actions relating to regulatory matters;
•   our timing and ability to develop our manufacturing and sales and marketing capabilities;
•   demand for our products;
•   the size and timing of particular sales and any collection delays related to those sales;
•   product quality and supply problems;
•   the progress of surgical training in the use of our products;
•   our ability to develop, introduce and market new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis;
•   third-party payor reimbursement policies;
•   our ability to protect our proprietary rights and defend against third party challenges;
•   our ability to license additional intellectual property rights; and
•   the progress and results of clinical trials.
our operating results in any particular period will not be a reliable indication of our future performance. it is likely that in some future quarters, our operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if this occurs, the price of our common stock and the value of your investment will likely decline.
our stock price has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile.
the market price of our common stock has experienced fluctuations and is likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. for example, during fiscal 2012, the nasdaq closing price of one share of our common stock reached a high of $588.28 and a low of $440.00, during fiscal 2013, it reached a high of $583.67 and a low of $355.93, during fiscal 2014, it reached a high of $540.63 and a low of $352.35, and during fiscal 2015, it reached a high of $557.20 and a low of $454.86. our stock price can fluctuate for a number of reasons, including:
•   announcements about us or our competitors;
•   quarterly variations in operating results;
32
•   introduction or abandonment of new technologies or products;
•   regulatory approvals and enforcement actions;
•   changes in product pricing policies;
•   changes in earnings estimates by analysts or changes in accounting policies;
•   economic changes and overall market volatility;
•   litigation; and
•   political uncertainties.
in addition, stock markets have experienced significant price and volume volatility in the past, especially recently. this volatility has had a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons frequently unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the specific companies. in addition, the securities of many medical device companies, including us, have historically been subject to extensive price and volume fluctuations that may affect the market price of their common stock. if these broad market fluctuations continue, they may have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. however, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery ("mis"), where mis is available. for over two and a half decades, mis has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. mis has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures, but has not yet been widely adopted for reconstructive surgeries.
da vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of mis to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of conventional mis. surgeons using a da vinci surgical system operate while seated comfortably at a console viewing a three dimensional ("3-d") representation of a high definition ("hd") image of the surgical field. this immersive visualization connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. while seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to the open surgery technique. our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of mis instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. in designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.
our products fall into four broad categories - the da vinci surgical systems, insite and firefly fluorescence imaging systems ("firefly"), instruments and accessories (e.g., endowrist, endowrist one vessel sealer, da vinci single-site and endowrist stapler), and training technologies. we have commercialized four generations of da vinci surgical systems: the first is our da vinci standard surgical system, commercialized in 1999, the second is our da vinci s surgical system, commercialized in 2006, the third is our da vinci si surgical system, commercialized in 2009, and the fourth is our da vinci xi surgical system, commercialized in the second quarter of 2014. systems include a surgeon's console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software.
we offer over 65 different multiport da vinci instruments enabling surgeons' flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed in a particular surgery. these multiport instruments are generally robotically controlled versions of surgical tools that surgeons would use in either open or laparoscopic surgery. we offer single-site instruments for use with the da vinci si surgical system in cholecystectomy, benign hysterectomy, and salpingo-oophorectomy procedures. single-site instruments enable surgeons to also perform surgery through a single port via the patient's belly button, resulting in the potential for virtually scarless results. for the da vinci si and da vinci xi platforms, we offer advanced energy instrumentation, including the endowrist one vessel sealer, and endowrist stapler 45, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue.
training technologies include our da vinci skills simulator, da vinci connect remote case observation and mentoring tool, and our dual console for use in surgeon proctoring and collaborative surgery.
procedures we model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy / invasiveness. in this equation procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the surgery in resolving the underlying disease and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. when the patient value of a da vinci procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons and hospitals that offer da vinci surgery, which could potentially result in a local market share shift. da vinci procedure adoption occurs procedure by procedure, market by market, and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of da vinci procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.
worldwide procedures da vinci systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. the discussion of indications for use and representative or target procedures is intended solely to provide an understanding of the market for da vinci products but is not intended to promote for sale or use any intuitive surgical product outside of its licensed or cleared labeling and indications for use.
the adoption of da vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. da vinci surgical systems are used primarily in gynecologic surgery, general surgery, urologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. we focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da vinci can bring greater patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to health care providers. target procedures in gynecology include da vinci hysterectomy ("dvh"), for both cancer and benign procedures, and sacrocolpopexy. target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal), colorectal procedures, and cholecystectomy. target procedures in urology
37
include da vinci prostatectomy ("dvp") and partial nephrectomy. in cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include da vinci lobectomy and da vinci mitral valve repair. in head and neck surgery, target procedures include certain procedures resecting benign and malignant tumors classified as t1 and t2. not all the indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da vinci surgical systems. patients need to consult the product labeling in a specific country and for each product in order to determine the actual authorized uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.
in 2015, approximately 652,000 surgical procedures were performed with the da vinci surgical system, compared with approximately 570,000 and 523,000 procedures performed in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the growth in our overall procedure volume in 2015 was driven by growth in u.s. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures.
u.s. procedures overall u.s. procedure volume grew to approximately 499,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 449,000 in 2014, and approximately 422,000 in 2013. gynecology is our largest u.s. surgical specialty and the procedure volume was approximately 238,000 in 2015, compared with 235,000 in 2014 and 240,000 in 2013. general surgery is our second largest and fastest growing specialty in the u.s. with procedure volume that grew to approximately 140,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 107,000 in 2014 and 81,000 in 2013. u.s. urology procedure volume was approximately 102,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 91,000 in 2014, and 85,000 in 2013.
procedures outside of the u.s.
overall procedures outside of the u.s. ("ous") grew to approximately 153,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 121,000 in 2014 and approximately 101,000 in 2013. ous procedure growth accelerated in 2015, reflecting higher asian procedure volumes, most notably in china, japan, and south korea. procedure volume grew at a similar rate in 2015 as compared with 2014. procedure growth in most ous markets was driven largely by dvp volume, which grew to approximately 79,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 65,000 in 2014, and approximately 56,000 in 2013. partial nephrectomy, general surgery, and gynecologic oncology procedures also contributed to ous procedure growth.
see recent business events and trends for further discussion on u.s. and ous procedures.
business model we generate revenue from both the initial capital sales of da vinci surgical systems and from subsequent sales of instruments, accessories and service, as recurring revenue. the da vinci surgical system generally sells for approximately between $0.6 million and $2.5 million, depending upon configuration and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers. we generate recurring revenue as our customers purchase our endowrist and single-site instrument and accessory products used in performing procedures with the da vinci surgical system. our instruments and accessories have a limited life and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they are replaced. also, we generate recurring revenue from ongoing system service. we typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold at an annual rate of approximately $100,000 to $170,000 per year, depending upon the configuration of the underlying system and composition of the services offered under the contract. these service contracts have generally been renewed at the end of the initial contractual service periods.
recurring revenue has generally grown at a faster rate than system revenue in the last few fiscal years. recurring revenue increased to $1.7 billion, or 70% of total revenue in 2015, compared with $1.5 billion, or 70% of total revenue in 2014 and $1.4 billion, or 63% of total revenue in 2013. the growth of recurring revenue and its increasing proportion of total revenue largely reflect continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da vinci surgical systems. the installed base of da vinci surgical systems has grown to approximately 3,597 at december 31, 2015, compared with 3,266 at december 31, 2014, and 2,966 at december 31, 2013.
we provide our products through direct sales organizations in the u.s., japan, south korea, and europe, excluding spain, portugal, italy, greece, and eastern european countries. in the remainder of our ous markets, we provide our products through distributors. in june 2014, we terminated our distribution relationship with and reacquired the distribution rights from adachi co., ltd., our former japanese distributor, and now market, sell, and service our products directly to end customers in japan.
intuitive surgical da vinci system leasing since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire da vinci systems and expand da vinci surgery availability while leveraging our balance sheet. the leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared with other third party entities that offer equipment leasing. we include both operating and sales-type leases in our system shipment and installed base disclosures. we exclude operating leases from our system average selling prices computations.
in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we shipped 63, 41, and 6 systems under lease arrangements, respectively, of which 43, 14, and 0 were classified as operating leases, respectively. generally, our operating leases provide our
38
customers with the right to purchase the leased systems sometime during or at the end of the lease term. we believe this has been an effective program and has been well received by our customers and we plan to continue with our system leasing program in the future. operating lease revenue for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, was $7.0 million and $1.3 million, respectively. no operating lease revenue was recognized for the year ended december 31, 2013. as of december 31, 2015, 49 da vinci systems were installed at customers under operating lease arrangements.
regulatory activities clearances and approvals we have obtained the clearances required to market our multiport products associated with the first three generations of our da vinci surgical systems (standard, s, and si systems) for our targeted surgical specialties within the u.s. and most of europe. in february 2013, we received fda clearance to market our single-site instruments for benign hysterectomy and salpingo-oophorectomy procedures. in september 2014, we received fda clearance to market the wristed version of our single-site needle driver product for use in benign hysterectomy, cholecystectomy, and salpingo-oophorectomy procedures.
in march 2014, we received fda clearance to market our da vinci xi surgical system in the u.s., our fourth generation da vinci surgical system (see the complete description of the da vinci xi surgical system in the new product introductions section). in june 2014, we received ce mark clearance for our da vinci xi surgical system in europe. in october 2014, we received regulatory clearance for our da vinci xi surgical system in south korea. in march 2015, we received regulatory clearance for the da vinci xi surgical system in japan. the regulatory status of the da vinci xi surgical system in other ous markets varies by country.
we also received fda clearance on an initial set of instruments for the xi surgical system with the initial launch of the system in april 2014.  later in 2014, we received fda clearances for xi versions of our endowrist one vessel sealer, firefly, and endowrist stapler 45.  in the second quarter of 2015, we received fda clearance for an additional set of da vinci xi instruments.  in june 2015, we received ce mark clearance for our integrated table motion product in europe (see the complete description of the da vinci xi integrated table motion in the new product introductions section). we received fda clearance for the integrated table motion product in january 2016. we filed for fda 510(k) clearances in the u.s. for the single-site instruments and the 30mm endowrist stapler products for the da vinci xi surgical system in august 2015 (see the complete description of the endowrist stapler 30 in the new product introductions section). in the future, we plan to apply for additional clearances to expand the da vinci xi platform product and feature set, including the da vinci single port surgical system, as described below.
in april 2014, we received fda clearance to market our da vinci single port surgical system in the u.s. for single-port urologic surgeries. we are in the process of modifying the da vinci single port surgical system to be compatible with the da vinci xi surgical system. we plan to seek additional fda clearance(s) for the da vinci single port surgical system for procedure(s) in which a single small entry point to the body and parallel delivery of instruments is important. such surgeries could include those performed through a natural orifice like the mouth for head and neck procedures or those performed through a single skin incision. we anticipate increased clinical evaluation of da vinci single port surgical system in 2016, particularly in transoral and transabdominal applications.
we obtained approval from the japanese ministry of health, labor, and welfare ("mhlw") for our da vinci si surgical system in october 2012 and for our da vinci xi surgical system in march 2015. effective april 2012, we obtained national reimbursement for dvp procedures in japan, our only broadly reimbursed procedure to date. we are currently seeking reimbursement for additional procedures through the mhlw's senshin iryo processes as well as alternative reimbursement processes. our senshin iryo approvals require in-country clinical data and are considered for reimbursed status in april of even numbered years. japanese surgeons have submitted clinical data for consideration of partial nephrectomy reimbursement in the april 2016 cycle. there can be no assurance that we will gain additional senshin iryo reimbursements for the procedures or at the times we have targeted. we are continuing our discussions with stakeholders concerning the reimbursement for several other procedures; however inclusion of other procedures in reimbursement guidelines in 2016 is unlikely. if we are not successful in obtaining additional regulatory clearances, importation licenses, and adequate procedure reimbursements for future products and procedures, then the demand for our products in japan could be limited.
fda inspections during october 2015, the fda conducted a routine inspection at our sunnyvale facilities. the scope of the inspection included general surveillance in the form of a quality system inspection technique ("qsit") and follow-up on previous observations identified in the form fda 483 that was issued in 2014. no observations were communicated to us at the close of the october audit or in the final establishment inspection report ("eir") received from the fda in december of 2015.
39
recalls and corrections medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. the definition of "recalls and corrections" is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, re-labeling and issuance of new, added or reinforcement of instructions for use and training when such actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. these field actions require stringent documentation, reporting and monitoring worldwide. there are other actions which a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting, including routine servicing, the introduction of new products, and new indications for use and stock rotations.
as we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. in general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action which is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional documentation required in their national language, and arrange, as required, return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction. in addition, regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. field actions can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses to complete field actions.
in september 2014, we stopped shipping the endowrist stapler 45 for the da vinci si surgical system and advised our customers to suspend use. while the observed failure rate in the field was low at 0.023%, based on the total number of staple fires, we believe that immediately suspending use was the best course of action in the interest of patients. our investigation of the three failed endowrist staplers uncovered two separate failure modes in the clamp mechanism: 1) a component failure in two instruments and 2) an assembly error in one instrument. based on these findings, in december 2014, we voluntarily initiated a field recall related to the endowrist stapler 45 instrument for the da vinci si surgical system. we have refined the relevant design elements and manufacturing processes to address these failure modes and began shipping replacement instruments in early 2015.
in march 2015, we issued a safety notice regarding certain equipment drapes that are used to cover a variety of surgical and non-surgical equipment in the clinical setting, advising our customers to inspect the drapes for cloudy or waxy appearances and for potential tears prior to use, and to return affected drapes. we are now shipping the replacement version of the drape products.
certain outcomes from any of the above regulatory activities may have a material adverse effect on our business, including damage to reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of our installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.
40
recent business events and trends procedures overall. during the year ended december 31, 2015, total da vinci procedures grew approximately 14% compared with 9% for the year ended december 31, 2014. u.s. procedure growth during the year ended december 31, 2015 was approximately 11%, compared with approximately 6% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the higher 2015 u.s. procedure growth was largely attributable to growth in general surgery procedures, most notably hernia repair and colorectal procedures, growth in dvp, and in contrast to the unfavorable impact of transitional issues associated with the implementation of the affordable care act had on our procedure growth in early 2014.
procedure volume ous for the year ended december 31, 2015, grew approximately 26% compared with approximately 20% growth for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by continued growth in dvp and earlier stage growth in kidney cancer, colorectal, and gynecologic oncology procedures.
the higher 2015 ous procedure growth rate reflects increased da vinci adoption in asian markets, including china, japan, and south korea. while we are encouraged by procedure adoption in china, future system placements and our ability to sustain procedure growth are dependent on obtaining importation authorizations and hospitals completing the central purchasing tender under the authorization, the most recent of which expired at the end of 2015. the timing and magnitude of future authorizations, which may enable system placements in 2016 and beyond, is not certain. in japan, procedure growth rates are likely to be paced by the timing of procedure reimbursement approvals for procedures in addition to dvp.
u.s. gynecology. gynecology is our largest u.s. surgical specialty and the procedure volume was approximately 238,000 in 2015, compared with 235,000 in 2014 and 240,000 in 2013. our growth until 2013 was driven by adoption of dvh, our highest volume procedure, and other gynecologic procedures, including sacrocolpopexy and myomectomy largely resulting from capturing market share from open surgery techniques for these procedures. u.s. gynecologic procedure growth slowed significantly in 2013 and declined by approximately 2% in 2014 compared with 2013. we believe that u.s. benign gynecologic procedure volume was pressured by a number of macro factors including, but not limited to, larger patient deductibles and co-pays associated with the affordable care act, a trend by payers toward encouraging conservative disease management, and fda actions regarding the use of power morcellation in uterine surgeries, which mostly impacted da vinci myomectomy procedures (see more detailed description of the fda actions concerning morcellation below). u.s. gynecologic procedures grew approximately 1% in 2015, as compared with 2014. minimally invasive surgery is presently approaching 80% penetration of the u.s. benign hysterectomy market, causing the rate of migration from open surgeries to minimally invasive surgeries to slow. combined with the dispersion of the remaining open procedures among hospitals and surgeons, we believe the number of da vinci hysterectomies over the past two years has moved roughly in-line with the overall surgical market.
we believe that an increasing portion of dvh procedures with uncertain oncologic characteristics are being referred to gynecologic oncologists making it increasingly difficult to distinguish between dvh for cancer and dvh for benign conditions. a high proportion of gynecologic oncologists utilize the da vinci surgical systems to perform procedures which may account for the slight increase in total dvh procedures in 2015. based on reporting by our customers, dvh procedure volumes were approximately 196,000, 191,000, and 191,000 in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
u.s. general surgery. general surgery is our second largest and fastest growing specialty in the u.s. with procedure volume that grew to approximately 140,000 in 2015, compared with approximately 107,000 in 2014, and 81,000 in 2013. growth through 2013 was driven by rapid adoption of da vinci cholecystectomies, the first procedure to be fda-cleared for single-site surgery, and earlier stage growth in low anterior resections, colon procedures, and several other general surgery procedures. for the year ended 2014, u.s. general surgery procedures grew by approximately 32%, with growth shifting from cholecystectomy to hernia repair, colorectal resections, and other general surgery procedures. this trend has continued in 2015 with overall general surgery growth of approximately 31%. ventral and inguinal hernia, combined, contributed the most to 2015 general surgery growth, although other categories like colorectal, bariatric, foregut, and other procedures also contributed to the procedure growth.
we believe that growth in da vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. while we believe hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods, given the differences in complexity among hernia patient populations, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what degree da vinci hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. we expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed in different modalities of surgery.
in december 2011, we received fda clearance for single-site cholecystectomy, our first procedure cleared for single-site instruments. da vinci cholecystectomies are performed with either single-site instruments or multiport instruments. while we believe da vinci cholecystectomies provide meaningful value for a segment of the patient and surgeon population, it is a lower complexity procedure which can generally be executed in a minimally invasive manner via multiport laparoscopy and has lower reimbursement rates than more complex procedures. for these reasons, it is difficult to estimate to what degree or timing that we
41
may capture these procedures. during 2014, total u.s. cholecystectomies grew at a lower rate than in previous years, and modestly declined in 2015. declines in single-site cholecystectomy were partially offset by higher multiport cholecystectomy volumes.
adoption of colorectal procedures, which includes several underlying procedures including low anterior resections for rectal cancers and certain colon procedures for benign and cancer conditions, has been ongoing for several years, and is supported by recently launched technologies such as the da vinci xi surgical system, endowrist stapler, and endowrist vessel sealer.
dvp. u.s. dvp is the largest urology procedure in the u.s. with 66,000 dvps performed in 2015, compared with 60,000 in 2014, and 58,000 in 2013. we believe the 2011 u.s. preventive services task force ("usptf") recommendation against prostate-specific antigen (("psa") screening has impacted our u.s. dvp procedure volumes, as well as caused changes in treatment patterns for low risk prostate cancer away from definitive treatment, and contributed to an approximate 6% decline in our dvp business in 2013. after continuing to decline during the first half of 2014, u.s. dvp returned to growth during the second half of 2014 and accelerated to approximately 11% growth in 2015.
as the u.s. standard of care for the surgical treatment of prostate cancer, we expect that the number of dvp procedures performed in the u.s. will fluctuate with the overall prostatectomy market. we believe the return to growth in dvp reflects surgical procedures being performed for men who may have previously deferred psa testing or definitive treatment. dvp adoption in our markets outside of the u.s. is at earlier stages, with lower market penetration, and has continued to grow since the usptf recommendation and despite shifting patient treatment trends that have negatively impacted the overall prostatectomy volumes in certain countries.
procedure seasonality. more than half of da vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably benign hysterectomies, hernia repairs, and cholecystectomies. the proportion of these benign procedures has grown over time in relation to the total number of procedures performed. hysterectomies for benign conditions, hernia repairs, cholecystectomies, and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life threatening conditions. seasonality for these benign procedures results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. seasonality for 2015 was similar to years prior to 2014, with higher procedure volumes in the fourth quarter, and less pronounced than in early 2014, when we believe procedure volume was negatively impacted by transitional issues associated with the implementation of the affordable care act.
procedure mix. our procedure business is primarily comprised of: (1) cancer and other highly complex procedures and (2) less complex benign procedures. cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex benign procedures. thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex benign conditions. our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. more fully featured products, including 4-arm, dual console, firefly enabled systems, and advanced instruments including vessel sealing and stapler are targeted towards more complex procedures. lower priced products, including three-arm da vinci si-e systems, refurbished da vinci si, and lower priced single-site instruments are targeted towards less complex procedures.
fda actions concerning morcellation. in april 2014, the fda announced that it discourages the use of power morcellators in the surgical removal of assumed benign fibroids. this statement was followed in july 2014 by an fda panel discussion on the topic. in november 2014, the fda issued specific contraindications for the use of laparoscopic power morcellation and required specific patient warning prior to its use in surgery. we do not manufacture or sell power morcellation products, and power morcellators do not attach to da vinci surgical systems. minimally invasive da vinci gynecologic surgeries are routinely performed without the use of power morcellators. however, we believe that these fda actions likely created some uncertainty for surgeons and patients when choosing among minimally invasive surgical methods for removing fibroids that may have adversely impacted the number of da vinci procedures performed. since the second quarter of 2014, we have experienced a decline in myomectomies that we believe likely reflected the impact of the fda actions. myomectomies are not a significant portion of our business. it is difficult to gauge what impact the fda actions may have had on benign dvh procedures, although as indicated above, an increasing proportion of our hysterectomy procedures in recent quarters have been performed by gynecologic oncologists.
system demand future demand for da vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including procedure growth rates, market response to our recently launched da vinci xi surgical system, hospitals consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics, additional reimbursements in various global markets including japan, the timing around governmental tenders and authorizations, the timing of when we receive regulatory clearances in our other ous markets for our xi system and related instruments. future demand may also be impacted by anticipated robotic surgery competition, which is further described in the competition section included in part i, item 1.
recent media and lawsuits in recent years, various print, television, and internet media have released pieces questioning the patient safety and efficacy associated with da vinci surgery, the cost of da vinci surgery relative to other disease management methods, and the adequacy of surgeon training and our sales and marketing practices. in addition, as further described in note 7 to the consolidated financial
42
statements included in part ii, item 8, we are currently named as a defendant in approximately 92 individual product liability lawsuits and a multi-plaintiff product liability lawsuit filed on behalf of 55 patients who underwent da vinci surgery. plaintiffs' attorneys have been engaged in well-funded national advertising campaigns soliciting clients who have undergone da vinci surgery and claim to have suffered an injury, and we have seen a substantial increase in these claims. in an effort to avoid the expense and distraction of defending multiple lawsuits, we entered into tolling agreements to pause the applicable statutes of limitations for the claims, and engaged in mediation efforts. we believe that da vinci surgery continues to be a safe and effective surgical method, as supported by a substantial and growing number of scientific studies and peer reviewed papers. we also believe that we provide appropriate training on the use of the da vinci surgical system, consistent with our role as device manufacturer. however, the recent negative media publicity likely has and may continue to delay or adversely impact procedure adoption, system sales, and our revenue growth in future periods.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, we recorded pre-tax charges of $13.8 million, and $82.4 million, respectively, to reflect the estimated cost of settling a number of the product liability claims covered by the tolling agreements. the claims relate to alleged complications from surgeries performed with certain versions of monopolar curved scissor (mcs) instruments that included an mcs tip cover accessory that was the subject of a market withdrawal in 2012 and mcs instruments that were the subject of a recall in 2013.
our estimate of the anticipated cost of settling these claims is based on negotiations with attorneys for claimants who have participated in a mediation process. nonetheless, it is possible that the claimants who participate in the mediations, as well as those claimants who have not participated in negotiations, will pursue greater amounts in mediation or in a court of law. consequently, the final outcome of these claims is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict and the ultimate cost associated with these product liability claims may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows. although there is a reasonable possibility that a loss in excess of the amount recognized exists, we are unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount recognized at this time. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further details.
new product introductions da vinci xi surgical system. during april 2014, we launched our newest da vinci model, the da vinci xi, in the u.s. the da vinci xi can be used across a wide spectrum of minimally invasive surgical procedures, and has been optimized for multi-quadrant surgeries. the da vinci xi expands upon core da vinci features including wristed instruments, 3-d hd visualization, intuitive motion, and ergonomic design, while improving ease, and delivering several new features, including:
•   a new overhead instrument arm architecture designed to facilitate anatomical access from virtually any position.
•   a new endoscope digital architecture that creates a simpler, more compact design with improved vision definition and clarity.
•   an ability to attach the endoscope to any arm, providing flexibility for visualizing the surgical site.
•   smaller, thinner arms with newly designed joints that offer a greater range of motion than ever before.
•   longer instrument shafts designed to give surgeons greater operative reach.
with the da vinci xi, we now offer hospitals a broader line of da vinci surgical systems to match their surgical profile and patient care requirements. these include the da vinci si-e, a lower price system suited for surgeries requiring two instrument arms; the da vinci si, which has the capability of controlling three instrument arms; and the da vinci xi, which has four universal instrument arms that attach to a rotating overhead platform. we separately applied for fda clearance for the da vinci xi firefly, vessel sealer, and stapler 45 products and received clearances for these products from june 2014 to august 2014. we received fda clearance for the integrated table motion for the da vinci xi surgical system in the u.s. in january 2016. we also filed for fda 510(k) clearances in the u.s. for the single-site instruments and the 30mm endowrist stapler products for the da vinci xi surgical system in august 2015.
we ce marked the da vinci xi system in june 2014 and have begun sales and marketing activities in certain countries recognizing the ce mark. in october 2014, we received regulatory clearance for the da vinci xi surgical system in south korea. in march 2015, we received regulatory clearance for the da vinci xi surgical system in japan. the regulatory status of the da vinci xi surgical system in other ous markets varies by country.
da vinci xi integrated table motion. the integrated table motion coordinates the movements of the da vinci robot arms with a version of a trumpf medicaltm trusystem® 7000dv operating room table to enable shifting a patient's position in real-time while the da vinci surgical robotic arms remains docked. this gives operating room teams the capabilities to optimally position the operating table so that gravity exposes anatomy during multi-quadrant da vinci system procedures, maximize reach and access to target anatomy enabling surgeons to interact with tissue at an ideal working angle, and reposition the table during the procedure to enhance anesthesiologists' care of the patient. in june 2015, we received ce mark clearance for our integrated table motion
43
product in europe. initial cases were successfully completed using the integrated table motion technology in the third quarter of 2015, and we began a phased introduction in europe during the fourth quarter of 2015. we received fda clearance for the da vinci xi integrated table motion product in january 2016.
endowrist stapler 45. in october 2012, we received fda clearance for the endowrist stapler 45 instrument with blue and green 45 mm reloads for use with the da vinci si surgical system. the endowrist stapler 45 is a wristed, stapling instrument intended for resection, transection and/or creation of anastomoses in general, gynecologic, and urologic surgery. this instrument enables operators to precisely position and fire the stapler. its initial surgical use was directed towards colorectal procedures. during 2013, the endowrist stapler was used by a limited and gradually increasing number of customers. in 2014, we expanded the availability of the endowrist stapler to a broadening set of customers. in september 2014, we notified our customers to suspend the use of the endowrist stapler 45 (see recalls and corrections section for additional discussion) and in january 2015, we began to ship the replacement product for the da vinci si. in january 2015, we also began to ship initial da vinci xi versions of the endowrist stapler 45, including blue, green, and white 45 mm reloads. the white reloads are only available on the da vinci xi platform. in april 2015, we received ce mark status to sell the endowrist stapler for the si and xi surgical systems in european markets.
although our early customer experiences have been positive and the proportion of colorectal procedures utilizing the endowrist stapler 45 has been increasing, we are in the early stages of selling endowrist stapler 45, and we are not able to predict the extent to which the instrument may be adopted.
endowrist stapler 30. in august 2015, we filed  for fda clearance in the u.s. for the endowrist stapler 30 instrument with blue, green, white, and gray 30 mm reloads for use with the da vinci xi surgical system. the endowrist stapler 30 is a wristed, stapling instrument intended for resection, transection and/or creation of anastomoses. subject to receiving fda clearance, we plan to execute a phased introduction of the endowrist stapler 30 product with expansion of the customer base as clinical experience is gained in the field. it is intended to deliver particular utility with fine tissue interaction in lobectomy and other thoracic procedures.
2015 financial highlights
•   total revenue increased by 12% to $2.4 billion during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014.
•   approximately 652,000 da vinci procedures were performed during the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of approximately 14% compared with the year ended december 31, 2014.
•   instruments and accessories revenue increased by 12% to $1.2 billion during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014.
•   recurring revenue increased by 11% to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. recurring revenue made up 70% of total revenue for both years.
•   system revenue increased by 14% to $721.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $632.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2014. 492 da vinci surgical systems were shipped during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with 431 for the year ended december 31, 2014.
•   as of december 31, 2015, we had a da vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 3,597 systems, consisting of 2,399 in the u.s., 608 in europe, 423 in asia and 167 in the rest of the world.
•   operating income increased by 36% to $740.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $544.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2014. operating income included $168.1 million and $169.1 million of share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively. operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, also included pre-tax litigation charges of $13.2 million and $82.4 million, respectively.
•   as of december 31, 2015, we had $3.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments. cash, cash equivalents and investments increased by $850.8 million compared with december 31, 2014, primarily driven by cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from employee stock option exercises, partially offset by share repurchases.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, certain consolidated statements of income information (in millions, except percentages):
44
years ended december 31,
2015                                                           % oftotalrevenue                  2014          % oftotalrevenue                  2013          % oftotalrevenue revenue:
product                                  $1,919.6                 81          %          $1,702.7                 80          %          $1,867.8                 82          %
service                                     464.8                 19          %             429.0                 20          %             397.3                 18          %
total revenue                             2,384.4                100          %           2,131.7                100          %           2,265.1                100          %
cost of revenue:
product                                     647.2                 27          %             569.9                 27          %             543.4                 24          %
service                                     159.3                  7          %             148.0                  7          %             127.5                  6          %
total cost of revenue                       806.5                 34          %             717.9                 34          %             670.9                 30          %
product gross profit                      1,272.4                 54          %           1,132.8                 53          %           1,324.4                 58          %
service gross profit                        305.5                 12          %             281.0                 13          %             269.8                 12          %
gross profit                              1,577.9                 66          %           1,413.8                 66          %           1,594.2                 70          %
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative         640.5                 27          %             691.0                 32          %             574.0                 25          %
research and development                    197.4                  8          %             178.0                  8          %             167.7                  7          %
total operating expenses                    837.9                 35          %             869.0                 40          %             741.7                 32          %
income from operations                      740.0                 31          %             544.8                 26          %             852.5                 38          %
interest and other income, net               18.5                  1          %               4.2                  -          %              18.4                  1          %
income before taxes                         758.5                 32          %             549.0                 26          %             870.9                 39          %
income tax expense                          169.7                  7          %             130.2                  6          %             199.9                  9          %
net income                                 $588.8                 25          %            $418.8                 20          %            $671.0                 30          %
total revenue total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015, was $2.4 billion and increased by 12% compared with $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014, decreased by 6% compared with $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015, reflects 14% higher systems revenue and 11% higher recurring revenue driven by approximately 14% higher procedure volume. the decline in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014, reflects 24% lower sales of da vinci systems, largely due to lower system sales in the u.s. and japan, partially offset by 5% higher recurring instruments, accessories, and services revenue, driven by an approximately 9% higher procedure volume.
we sell our products and services in euros and british pounds in those european markets where we have direct distribution channels, and in japanese yen and korean won. revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015, as compared with 2014, was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against these other currencies. we hedge a portion of our foreign currency denominated revenue and those hedges partially offset the negative impact of the strengthened u.s. dollar on revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015. revenue denominated in foreign currencies was approximately 19%, 16%, and 11% of total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
revenue generated in the u.s. accounted for 71%, 70%, and 72% of total revenue during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. we believe that domestic revenue has accounted for the larger portion of total revenue due to patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment in the u.s., reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and minimally invasive surgery, and initial investments focused on domestic infrastructure. we have been investing in our business ous, and our ous procedures have grown faster in proportion to u.s. procedures. in future years, we expect our ous procedures and revenue will grow at a faster rate than in the u.s. and will make up an increasing portion of our business.
45
the following table summarizes our revenue and da vinci surgical system unit shipments for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively (in millions, except percentages and unit shipments):
years ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                           2014                    2013
revenue instruments and accessories                                                   $1,197.7                $1,070.2                $1,032.9
systems                                                                          721.9                   632.5                   834.9
total product revenue                                                          1,919.6                 1,702.7                 1,867.8
services                                                                         464.8                   429.0                   397.3
total revenue                                                                 $2,384.4                $2,131.7                $2,265.1
recurring revenue                                                             $1,662.5                $1,499.2                $1,430.2
% of total revenue                                                                  70    %                 70    %                 63    %
united states                                                                 $1,695.8                $1,490.9                $1,625.9
ous                                                                              688.6                   640.8                   639.2
total revenue                                                                 $2,384.4                $2,131.7                $2,265.1
% of revenue - domestic                                                             71    %                 70    %                 72    %
% of revenue - ous                                                                  29    %                 30    %                 28    %
unit shipments by region:
united states unit shipments                                                       298                     238                     342
ous unit shipments                                                                 194                     193                     204
total unit shipments*                                                              492                     431                     546
unit shipments by model:
da vinci s unit shipments                                                            1                      10                       6
da vinci si-e - single console unit shipments (3 arm)                                7                      29                      30
da vinci si - single console unit shipments (4 arm)                                107                     143                     365
da vinci si - dual console unit shipments                                           22                      43                     145
da vinci xi - single console unit shipments                                        250                     157                       -
da vinci xi - dual console unit shipments                                          105                      49                       -
total unit shipments*                                                              492                     431                     546
unit shipments involving system trade-ins:
unit shipments involving trade-ins of da vinci standard surgical systems             5                      18                      28
unit shipments involving trade-ins of da vinci s surgical systems                   99                      82                     126
unit shipments involving trade-ins of da vinci si surgical systems                  47                      31                       -
total unit shipments involving trade-ins                                           151                     131                     154
unit shipments not involving trade-ins                                             341                     300                     392
total unit shipments*                                                              492                     431                     546
*systems shipped on operating leases (included in total unit shipments)             43                      14                       -
product revenue
2014-2015
product revenue increased by 13% to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014.
instruments and accessories revenue increased by 12% to $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in revenue was driven by approximately 14% higher procedure volume, reflecting approximately 11% u.s. procedure growth and 26% ous procedure growth as well as a higher product mix of advanced instruments, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of weakening foreign currencies.
46
systems revenue increased by 14% to $721.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $632.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, driven by higher da vinci surgical systems shipped in 2015. we shipped 492 da vinci surgical systems in 2015, compared with 431 in 2014, primarily reflecting higher system sales into the u.s. during 2015, 298 systems were shipped into the u.s., 90 into europe, 77 into asia, and 27 into other markets, compared with 238 systems shipped into the u.s., 97 into europe, 67 into asia, and 29 into other markets in 2014. the increase in u.s. systems sales was driven by higher procedure growth in 2015 and a favorable market response to the da vinci xi system that was launched in the second quarter of 2014.
the da vinci surgical system average selling price ("asp"), excluding the impact of units shipped under operating leases, was approximately $1.5 million for 2015 and 2014. the systems asp reflected a higher proportion of da vinci xi and dual console systems sold in 2015, partially offset by the negative impact of weaker foreign currencies.
2013-2014
product revenue decreased to $1.7 billion during the year ended december 31, 2014, from $1.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2013.
instruments and accessories revenue increased to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, up 4% compared with $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in instrument and accessory revenue was driven by an approximate 9% increase in procedure volume, partially offset by lower initial instrument and accessory stocking orders associated with lower 2014 system unit sales. the growth in our 2014 overall procedure volume was driven by growth in u.s. general surgery and worldwide urologic procedures.
systems revenue decreased to $632.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2014, down 24% from $834.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to lower u.s. and japanese da vinci surgical system unit shipments, partially offset by higher da vinci surgical system unit shipments into europe and other ous markets. during 2014, 238 systems were sold into the u.s., 97 into europe, 67 into asia, and 29 into other markets, compared with 342 systems sold into the u.s., 82 into europe, 103 into asia, and 19 into other markets in 2013. the demand for systems is ultimately driven by da vinci surgical procedure volume and is highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth rates. the decline in u.s. system sales in 2014 was largely driven by moderating procedure growth (as described in the procedures section) resulting in lower need to expand capacity, as well as economic pressure and uncertainty at hospitals associated with the affordable care act, and evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics. the decrease in system sales in japan likely reflected the fact that only prostatectomies were broadly reimbursed and the effect of the pending approval of the da vinci xi system. the increase in system sales in europe reflected continued procedure growth and investments we have made in our european sales and marketing organizations.
the da vinci surgical system asp was fairly consistent at $1.5 million for 2014 and 2013.
service revenue service revenue increased by 8% to $464.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $429.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. service revenue increased by 8% to $429.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with $397.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. we typically enter into multi-year fixed annual rate service contracts at the time systems are sold. these service contracts have been generally renewed at the end of the service periods. higher service revenue in 2015 and 2014 was primarily driven by a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems producing service revenue.
gross profit product gross profit increased by 12% for the year ended december 31, 2015, to $1.3 billion, or 66.3% of product revenue, compared with $1.1 billion, or 66.5% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2014. the lower 2015 product gross profit margin was driven by a higher sales mix of recently introduced products that yield lower gross profit margins, including the da vinci xi surgical system and endowrist one vessel sealer and stapler, and an unfavorable foreign currency impact related to ous sales.
margins on newly launched products have typically been lower than our mature products reflecting vendor pricing on lower volumes, temporary tooling and other start-up costs. over time, as volumes increase and we refine our manufacturing processes and products, we expect to see improvement in the margins of these newly launched products. however, gross margins may ultimately differ for these newly launched products relative to previously launched products based on market conditions, volume, and complexity of the product. product gross profit margin increased from 63.3% during the first quarter of 2015 to 67.9% of product revenue during the fourth quarter of 2015, reflecting higher product recalls and other one-time charges in the first quarter and manufacturing efficiency gains made during the year related to recently introduced products, including the da vinci xi, endowrist stapler, and endowrist one vessel sealer.
47
product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2014, decreased by 14% to $1.1 billion, or 66.5% of product revenue, compared with $1.3 billion, or 70.9% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2013. the lower 2014 product gross profit margin was driven by a higher sales mix of recently introduced products that yield lower gross profit margins, including the da vinci xi surgical system and endowrist one vessel sealer and stapler. other factors contributing to the lower 2014 product gross profit margin were a higher proportion of sales involving trade-ins and higher credits given for those trade-ins, higher 2014 incentive compensation, and higher product recall costs.
product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, included share-based compensation expense of $22.8 million, $19.1 million, and $17.6 million, respectively. product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 included amortization expense of purchased intellectual property of $12.7 million, $10.8 million, and $10.4 million, respectively.
product gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, included $17.0 million, $15.7 million, and $21.0 million, respectively, related to the u.s. medical device excise tax, which became effective january 1, 2013. in december 2015, president obama signed into law the consolidated appropriations act, 2016 (the "appropriations act"). the appropriations act includes a two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax such that medical device sales in 2016 and 2017 will be exempt from the excise tax. unless there is further legislative action during that two-year period, the medical device excise tax will be automatically reinstated for sales of medical devices on or after january 1, 2018.
service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $305.5 million, or 65.7% of service revenue, compared with $281.0 million, or 65.5% of service revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. the higher 2015 service gross profit was driven by higher service revenue, reflecting a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems. consistent with product gross profit margin, service gross profit margin improved during 2015 from 63.3% of service revenue during the first quarter to 67.2% in the fourth quarter, reflecting efficiency gains made during the year to support the recently introduced da vinci xi platform in the field.
service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $281.0 million, or 65.5% of service revenue, compared with $269.8 million, or 67.9% of service revenue for the year ended december 31, 2013. the higher 2014 service gross profit was driven by higher service revenue. the lower 2014 gross service profit margin was primarily driven by costs added to support the newly introduced da vinci xi system and higher incentive compensation.
service gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, included share-based compensation expense of $12.9 million, $13.5 million and $12.7 million, respectively.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include costs for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales and marketing activities, tradeshow expenses, legal expenses, regulatory fees and general corporate expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015, decreased by 7% to $640.5 million, compared with $691.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily due to lower pre-tax litigation charges of $13.2 million in 2015, compared with $82.4 million in 2014, and to a lesser extent, the impact of the stronger u.s. dollar on expenses denominated in foreign currencies. these decreases were partially offset by increased costs associated with the expansion of our japanese and other organizations ous, as well as higher regulatory compliance costs and higher incentive compensation costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased by 20% to $691.0 million compared with $574.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to a pre-tax charge of $82.4 million recorded in 2014 to reflect the estimated cost of settling a number of the product liability claims covered by tolling agreements. in addition, selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, also increased due to higher legal costs related to the pending or threatened litigation, expansion of our japanese and other organizations ous, higher regulatory compliance costs, and higher incentive compensation.
share-based compensation expense charged to selling, general and administrative expenses during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $94.7 million, $99.0 million, and $101.4 million, respectively.
research and development expenses research and development costs are expensed as incurred. research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing and significant enhancement of our products. these enhancements represent significant improvements to our products.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased by 11% to $197.4 million, compared with $178.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was driven primarily due to growth in our product development organization including earlier stage development in advanced imaging, advanced instrumentation, and next generation
48
robotics, and higher incentive compensation costs. research and development expenses fluctuate with project timing. we expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased by 6% to $178.0 million compared with $167.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by higher headcount and incentive compensation expenses.
share-based compensation expense charged to research and development expense during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, was $37.7 million, $37.5 million and $37.2 million, respectively. amortization expense related to purchased intellectual property for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, was $11.7 million, $11.6 million and $10.8 million, respectively.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net, was $18.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $4.2 million for 2014 and $18.4 million for 2013. the increase in interest and other income, net for the year ended december 31, 2015, was partly due to higher 2015 interest income. interest and other income, net for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared with 2015 and 2013, was lower primarily due to the $8.5 million impairment charges recorded in 2014 related to two equity investments.
income tax expense our income tax expense was $169.7 million, $130.2 million, and $199.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate for 2015 was approximately 22.4% compared with 23.7% for 2014, and 23.0% for 2013. our tax rates for these periods differ from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% due primarily to the effect of income earned by certain of our overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate and reversal of certain unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by state income taxes net of federal benefit. the lower effective tax rate in 2015 resulted primarily from a $29.3 million tax benefit recorded in the third quarter of 2015 (of which $25.0 million was related to prior periods) due to a recent u.s. tax court opinion involving an independent third party, issued in the third quarter of 2015. based on the findings of the u.s. tax court, we were required to, and did, refund to our foreign subsidiaries the share-based compensation element of certain intercompany charges made in prior periods. starting from 2015, share-based compensation has been excluded from intercompany charges. we intend to indefinitely reinvest outside the u.s. all of our undistributed foreign earnings that were not previously subject to u.s. tax.
our 2015, 2014, and 2013 tax provision also reflected tax benefits of $6.4 million, $20.3 million, and $26.7 million, respectively, associated with the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits and interests resulting from expiration of statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions and certain audit settlements. as of december 31, 2015, and 2014, we had valuation allowances of $15.2 million and $9.5 million, respectively, primarily on california deferred tax assets, because it is more likely than not these deferred tax assets will not be realized as a result of the computation of california taxes under the single sales factor. we will continue to monitor and reassess the need for further increases or decreases to the valuation allowance.
we file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the u.s. and abroad. years prior to 2012 are considered closed for most significant jurisdictions. certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could reverse based on the normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they reverse.
we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities and the outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. if any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
49
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and issuance of common stock through exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase program. cash and cash equivalents plus short and long-term investments increased by $0.8 billion to $3.3 billion at december 31, 2015, from $2.5 billion at december 31, 2014. cash and cash equivalents plus short and long-term investments decreased from $2.8 billion at december 31, 2013, to $2.5 billion at december 31, 2014, primarily due to the repurchase of $1.0 billion stock during 2014. cash generation is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs.
as of december 31, 2015, $987.2 million of our cash, cash equivalents and investments were held by foreign subsidiaries. amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to u.s. income tax on repatriation to the u.s. we currently have no plans to repatriate any foreign earnings back to the u.s. as we believe our cash flows provided by our u.s. operations will meet our u.s. liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.
see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.
consolidated cash flow data years ended december 31,
2015                                                                     2014                                 2013
(in millions)
net cash provided by (used in)
operating activities                                       $771.9                $665.1                $880.0
investing activities                                       (849.5    )           (153.9    )            259.0
financing activities                                        193.4                (692.4    )           (910.6    )
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents        (1.5    )             (0.6    )                -
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       $114.3               $(181.8    )           $228.4
operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015, cash provided by our operating activities of $771.9 million exceeded our net income of $588.8 million for two primary reasons:
1.   our net income included non-cash charges primarily in the form of share-based compensation of $167.9 million, depreciation and loss of disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $65.1 million, income tax benefits from employee stock plans of $21.5 million, amortization of intangible assets of $24.4 million, and accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments of $26.4 million.
2.   the non-cash charges outlined above were partly offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $92.5 million of cash used by operating activities.
operating assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of accounts receivable, inventory, deferred revenue, other accrued liabilities, and prepaid expenses. accounts receivable increased $79.2 million in 2015 reflecting higher sales in 2015 and timing of sales and collections. prepaids and other assets increased $10.5 million primarily driven by higher lease receivable balances resulting from sales-type lease arrangements entered into in 2015. accrued liabilities decreased by $10.5 million mainly due to settlement payments made related to accrued product liability litigation. other changes in operating assets and liabilities include an inventory increase of $10.7 million, net of equipment transfers from inventories to property, plant and equipment, and a decrease in accounts payable of $11.3 million also resulted in cash used by operating activities. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partly offset by a $21.5 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits and an $8.2 million increase of deferred revenue. deferred revenue, which includes deferred service revenue that is being recognized as revenue over the service contract period, increased primarily due to the increase in the number of installed systems for which service contracts existed.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, cash flow from operations of $665.1 million exceeded our net income of $418.8 million for two primary reasons:
1.   our net income included substantial non-cash charges primarily in the form of share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, taxes, and depreciation. these non-cash charges totaled $232.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
2.   changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in approximately $14.2 million in cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2014
50
accrued liabilities increased $63.4 million, mainly driven by an increase in product liability accruals. deferred revenue increased by $19.8 million in 2014 primarily due to the increase in the number of installed systems for which service contracts existed. also, accrued compensation and accounts payable increased $39.1 million. the favorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partly offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $13.7 million in 2014 reflecting timing of our system sales and related collections, a net increase in inventory of $26.8 million primarily due to expanded product offerings, and an increase in prepaids and other assets of $67.6 million, primarily driven by timing of tax payments and an increase in lease receivables relating to sales-type lease arrangements entered into during 2014.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, cash flow from operations of $880.0 million exceeded our net income of $671.0 million for two primary reasons:
1.   our net income included substantial non-cash charges in the form of share-based compensation, amortization of intangible assets, taxes, and depreciation. these non-cash charges totaled $231.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2013.
2.   changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting in cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2013 was approximately $22.0 million.
accounts receivable decreased by $68.9 million in 2013 reflecting lower system sales. inventory increased by $58.1 million in 2013 due to expanded product offerings and safety stocks acquired for key components. deferred revenue increased $15.3 million in 2013 primarily due to the increase in the number of installed systems for which service contracts exist. other liabilities including accounts payable, accrued compensation and employee benefits, and accrued liabilities decreased by $35.1 million in 2013 primarily due to timing of vendor, tax and employee compensation payments during 2013.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015, consisted of purchases of investments (net of the proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments) of $768.5 million and purchases of property and equipment $81.0 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014, consisted primarily of cash used for purchases of property and equipment of $105.6 million and purchases of businesses of $84.3 million, partially offset by the proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments (net of purchases of investments) of $36.0 million. purchases of property included the acquisition of approximately 15 acres of land in sunnyvale, california for future expansion in 2014. for the year ended december 31, 2014, we acquired certain intellectual property, know-how, fixed assets, and employees from luna innovations, inc. and we reacquired the distribution rights from our former japanese distributor, adachi co, ltd.
net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013, consisted primarily of proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments (net of purchases of investments) of $363.6 million, less purchases of property and equipment and licensing of intellectual property of $104.6 million.
we invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. our investment portfolio may at any time contain investments in u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, taxable and/or tax exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, cash deposits, and money market funds.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities in 2015 consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $361.1 million and excess tax benefits of $34.3 million, partly offset by $183.7 million used for the repurchase of 0.4 million shares of our common stock through open market transactions and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlement of vested employee equity awards of $11.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities in 2014 consisted primarily of $1.0 billion used for the repurchase of 2.5 million shares of our common stock through an accelerated share repurchase program, offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $283.6 million and excess tax benefits of $24.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities in 2013 consisted primarily of $1.1 billion used for the repurchase of 2.6 million shares of our common stock, offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $160.6 million and excess tax benefits of $38.0 million.
our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including market acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products and other factors. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. we have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. based upon our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future.
51
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year             1 to 3 years             3 to 5 years       more than 5 years operating leases                           $31.2                    $6.1                      $6.6                     $3.7              $14.8
purchase commitments and obligations       232.2       225.8                       6.4                                    -              -
total contractual obligations             $263.4                  $231.9                     $13.0                     $3.7              $14.8
operating leases. we lease spaces for operations in the u.s. as well as in japan, south korea, mexico, and other foreign countries. we also lease automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all our non-cancellable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year.
purchase commitments and obligations. these amounts include an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. a majority of these purchase obligations are due within a year. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. in addition to the above, we have committed to make potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration and development arrangements. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory and/or commercial milestones. because the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and have not been included in the table above.
other commitments. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when payments may occur for our unrecognized tax benefits. therefore, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not included in the table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k promulgated under the exchange act.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"), which requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions. see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies," in notes to the consolidated financial statements, which is included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data," which describes our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. our most critical accounting estimates include:
•   the valuation and recognition of investments, which impacts our investment portfolio balance when we assess fair value, and interest and other income, net, when we record impairments;
•   the valuation of revenue and allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts, which impacts revenue;
•   the estimation of transactions to hedge, which impacts revenue and other expense;
•   the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross profit margins;
•   the assessment of recoverability of intangible assets and their estimated useful lives, which primarily impacts gross profit margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their amortization;
•   the valuation and recognition of share-based compensation, which impacts gross profit margin and operating expenses;
•   the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes; and
•   the estimate of probable loss associated with product liability claims, which impacts accrued liabilities and operating expenses.
52
investments valuation fair value our investment portfolio may at any time contain investments in u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, non-u.s. government securities, taxable and/or tax exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, cash deposits, and money market funds. in the current market environment, the assessment of the fair value of investments can be difficult and subjective. u.s. gaap establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. each level of input has different levels of subjectivity and difficulty involved in determining fair value. valuation of level 1 and 2 instruments generally do not require significant management judgment and the estimation is not difficult. level 3 instruments include unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the determination of fair value for level 3 instruments requires the most management judgment and subjectivity. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the level 3 securities were redeemed. there were no other level 3 securities as of the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014.
other-than-temporary impairment after determining the fair value of our available-for-sales instruments, gains or losses on these securities are recorded to other comprehensive income, until either the security is sold or we determine that the decline in value is other-than-temporary. the primary differentiating factors we considered in classifying impairments as either temporary or other-than-temporary impairments are our intent and ability to retain our investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, the length of the time and the extent to which the market value of the investment has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. given the current market conditions, these judgments could prove to be wrong, and companies with relatively high credit ratings and solid financial conditions may not be able to fulfill their obligations.
no impairment charges were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2013. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded pre-tax losses of $8.5 million related to a decline in the value of two equity investments that we concluded were other-than-temporary. as of december 31, 2015, and 2014, net unrealized losses on investments of $4.2 million and $0.2 million, net of tax, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts. we record estimated reductions in revenue for potential returns of products by customers and other allowances. as a result, management must make estimates of potential future product returns and other allowances related to current period product revenue. in making such estimates, management analyzes historical returns, current economic trends and changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of reported revenue could result.
similarly, we make estimates of the collectability of accounts receivable, especially analyzing the aging and nature of accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. credit evaluations are undertaken for all major sale transactions before shipment is authorized. on a quarterly basis, we evaluate aged items in the accounts receivable aging report and provide an allowance in an amount we deem adequate for doubtful accounts. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of our reported operating expenses could result.
hedge accounting for derivatives. we utilize foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge certain anticipated foreign currency sales transactions. when specific criteria required by relevant accounting standards have been met, changes in fair values of hedge contracts relating to anticipated transactions are recorded in other comprehensive income ("oci") rather than net income until the underlying hedged transaction affects net income. by their nature, our estimates of anticipated transactions may fluctuate over time and may ultimately vary from actual transactions. when we determine that the transactions are no longer probable within a certain time-frame, we are required to reclassify the cumulative changes in the fair values of the related hedge contracts from oci to net income.
inventory valuation. inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates actual costs, or market, on a first-in, first-out basis. the cost basis of our inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excessive or obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.
intangible assets. our intangible assets include identifiable intangibles and goodwill. identifiable intangibles include developed technology, patents, distribution rights, customer relationships, and licenses. all of our identifiable intangibles have finite lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequent if impairment indicators arise) by applying a fair-value based test. there have been no impairments from the analysis required by u.s. gaap.
53
identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to impairment testing and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these identifiable intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated from such assets. if the cash flow estimates or the significant operating assumptions upon which they are based change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges.
the valuation and classification of intangible assets and goodwill and the assignment of useful lives for purposes of amortization involves judgments and the use of estimates. the evaluation of these intangibles and goodwill for impairment under established accounting guidelines is required on a recurring basis. changes in business conditions could potentially require future adjustments to the assumptions made. when we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets' new, shorter useful lives. no impairment charge or accelerated amortization was recorded for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. a considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing impairment, which includes financial forecasts. if conditions are different from management's current estimates, material write-downs of long-lived assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.
revenue recognition. our system sale arrangements contain multiple elements, including system(s), system accessories, instruments, accessories, and system service. we generally deliver all of the elements, other than service, within days of entering into the system sale arrangement. each of these elements is a separate unit of accounting. system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service are also sold on a stand-alone basis.
for multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each unit of accounting based on their relative selling prices. relative selling prices are based first on vendor specific objective evidence of fair value ("vsoe"), then on third-party evidence of selling price ("tpe") when vsoe does not exist, and then on management's best estimate of the selling price ("esp") when vsoe and tpe do not exist.
our system sale arrangements generally include a one-year period of free service, and the right for the customer to purchase service annually after that for up to four years at a stated service price. the revenue allocated to the free service period is deferred and recognized ratably over the free service period.
because we have neither vsoe nor tpe for our systems, the allocation of revenue is based on esp for the systems sold. the objective of esp is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale, had the product been sold on a stand-alone basis. we determine esp for our systems by considering multiple factors, including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the system, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. we regularly review esp and maintain internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.
accounting for stock options. we account for share-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of u.s. gaap. we use the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. these assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising them, the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term, and the number of options that will ultimately not complete their vesting requirements. the assumptions for expected volatility and expected term are the two assumptions that most significantly affect the grant date fair value of stock options. changes in expected risk-free rate of return do not significantly impact the calculation of fair value, and determining this input is not highly subjective.
we use implied volatility based on freely traded options in the open market, as we believe implied volatility is more reflective of market conditions and a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility. in determining the appropriateness of relying on implied volatility, we considered the following:
•   the sufficiency of the trading volume of freely traded options;
•   the ability to reasonably match the terms, such as the date of the grant and the exercise price of the freely traded options to options granted; and
•   the length of the term of the freely traded options used to derive implied volatility.
the expected term represents the weighted-average period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. the expected term is based on the observed and expected time to exercise. we determine expected term based on historical exercise patterns and our expectation of the time it will take for employees to exercise options still outstanding.
u.s. gaap requires us to develop an estimate of the number of share-based awards that will be forfeited due to employee turnover. adjustments in the estimated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on our reported share-based compensation, as we recognize the cumulative effect of the rate adjustments for all expense amortization in the period the estimated forfeiture rates were adjusted. we estimate and adjust forfeiture rates based on a periodic review of recent forfeiture activity and expected future employee turnover. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than previously estimated forfeiture rate, we may make an adjustment that will result in a decrease to the expense recognized in the financial statements during the period when the rate was changed. adjustments in the estimated forfeiture rates could also cause changes in the amount of expense that we recognize in future periods.
54
changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of stock options and, consequently, the related amount of share-based compensation expense recognized on the consolidated statements of income.
accounting for income taxes. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits, and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in the current or subsequent period.
we must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. if recovery is less than a 50% likelihood, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be recoverable. as of december 31, 2015, we believe it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets ultimately will be recovered with the exception of our california deferred tax assets. we believe that due to the computation of california taxes under the single sales factor, it is more likely than not that our california deferred tax assets will not be realized. should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would be affected in the period in which such change takes place.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. if we determine that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, then the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we re-evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effective settlement of audit issues, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
accounting for legal contingencies. we are involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, insurance, employee related, and other matters. we record a liability and related charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment is reevaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that represents us. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. the final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables difficult to predict, and therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any on our consolidated financial statements.