item 1a. risk factors special note regarding forward-looking statements and analyst reports certain written and oral statements, other than purely historic information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to nike's business plans, objectives and expected operating results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, made or incorporated by reference from time to time by nike or its representatives in this report, other reports, filings with the sec, press releases, conferences or otherwise, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain the words "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "project," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result" or words or phrases of similar meaning. forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. the risks and uncertainties are detailed from time to time in reports filed by nike with the sec, including reports filed on forms 8-k, 10-q and 10-k, and include, among others, the following: international, national and local general economic and market conditions; the size and growth of the overall athletic footwear, apparel and equipment markets; intense competition among designers, marketers, distributors and sellers of athletic footwear, apparel and equipment for consumers and endorsers; demographic changes; changes in consumer preferences; popularity of particular designs, categories of products and sports; seasonal and geographic demand for nike products; difficulties in anticipating or forecasting changes in consumer preferences, consumer demand for nike products and the various market factors described above; difficulties in implementing, operating and maintaining nike's increasingly complex information systems and controls, including, without limitation, the systems related to demand and supply planning and inventory control; interruptions in data and information technology systems; consumer data security; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results, including, without limitation, the fact that advance futures orders may not be indicative of future revenues due to changes in shipment timing, the changing mix of futures and at-once orders, and discounts, order cancellations and returns; the ability of nike to sustain, manage or forecast its growth and inventories; the size, timing and mix of purchases of nike's products; increases in the cost of materials, labor and energy used to manufacture products; new product development and introduction; the ability to secure and protect trademarks, patents and other intellectual property; product performance and quality; customer service; adverse publicity; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; dependence on distributors and licensees; business disruptions; increased costs of freight and transportation to meet delivery deadlines; increases in borrowing costs due to any decline in nike's debt ratings; changes in business strategy or development plans; general risks associated with doing business outside the united states, including, without limitation, exchange rate fluctuations, import duties, tariffs, quotas, political and economic instability and terrorism; changes in government regulations; the impact of, including business and legal developments relating to, climate change; natural disasters; liability and other claims asserted against nike; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the effects of nike's decision to invest in or divest of businesses and other factors referenced or incorporated by reference in this report and other reports.
the risks included here are not exhaustive. other sections of this report may include additional factors which could adversely affect nike's business and financial performance. moreover, nike operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risks emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all such risks, nor can it assess the impact of all such risks on nike's business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.
investors should also be aware that while nike does, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against nike's policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. accordingly, shareholders should not assume that nike agrees with any statement or report issued by any analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report. furthermore, nike has a policy against issuing or confirming financial forecasts or projections issued by others. thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of nike.
our products face intense competition.
nike is a consumer products company and the relative popularity of various sports and fitness activities and changing design trends affect the demand for our products. the athletic footwear, apparel and equipment industry is highly competitive in the united states and on a worldwide basis. we compete internationally with a significant number of athletic and leisure footwear companies, athletic and leisure apparel companies, sports equipment companies and large companies having diversified lines of athletic and leisure footwear, apparel and equipment. we also compete with other companies for the production capacity of independent manufacturers that produce our products.
product offerings, technologies, marketing expenditures (including expenditures for advertising and endorsements), pricing, costs of production, customer service and social media presence are areas of intense competition. this, in addition to rapid changes in technology and consumer preferences in the markets for athletic and leisure footwear and apparel, and athletic equipment, constitute significant risk factors in our operations. if we do not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to our competitors, our costs may increase or the consumer demand for our products may decline significantly.
failure to maintain our reputation and brand image could negatively impact our business.
our iconic brands have worldwide recognition, and our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation. maintaining, promoting and growing our brands will depend on our design and marketing efforts, including advertising and consumer campaigns, product innovation and product quality. our commitment to product innovation and quality and our continuing investment in design (including materials) and marketing may not have the desired impact on our brand image and reputation. we could be adversely impacted if we fail to achieve any of these objectives or if the reputation or image of any of our brands is tarnished or receives negative publicity. in addition, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine consumer confidence in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations.
in addition, our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. negative posts or comments about us on social networking websites could seriously damage our reputation and brand image. if we do not maintain, extend and expand our brand image, then our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
6
if we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and develop new products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues and profits.
our success depends on our ability to identify, originate and define product trends as well as to anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. however, lead times for many of our products may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends or consumer preferences. all of our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. our new products may not receive consumer acceptance as consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types of performance products or away from these types of products altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. if we fail to anticipate accurately and respond to trends and shifts in consumer preferences by adjusting the mix of existing product offerings, developing new products, designs, styles and categories, and influencing sports and fitness preferences through aggressive marketing, we could experience lower sales, excess inventories or lower profit margins, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, we market our products globally through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs and campaigns, including social media and online advertising. if we do not successfully market our products or if advertising and promotional costs increase, these factors could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on technical innovation and high-quality products to compete in the market for our products.
technical innovation and quality control in the design and manufacturing process of footwear, apparel and athletic equipment is essential to the commercial success of our products. research and development plays a key role in technical innovation. we rely upon specialists in the fields of biomechanics, chemistry, exercise physiology, engineering, industrial design, sustainability and related fields, as well as research committees and advisory boards made up of athletes, coaches, trainers, equipment managers, orthopedists, podiatrists and other experts to develop and test cutting edge performance products. while we strive to produce products that help to enhance athletic performance, reduce injury and maximize comfort, if we fail to introduce technical innovation in our products, consumer demand for our products could decline, and if we experience problems with the quality of our products, we may incur substantial expense to remedy the problems.
failure to continue to obtain or maintain high-quality endorsers of our products could harm our business.
we establish relationships with professional athletes, sports teams and leagues to develop, evaluate and promote our products, as well as establish product authenticity with consumers. however, as competition in our industry has increased, the costs associated with establishing and retaining such sponsorships and other relationships have increased. if we are unable to maintain our current associations with professional athletes, sports teams and leagues, or to do so at a reasonable cost, we could lose the on-field authenticity associated with our products, and we may be required to modify and substantially increase our marketing investments. as a result, our brands, net revenues, expenses and profitability could be harmed.
furthermore, if certain endorsers were to stop using our products contrary to their endorsement agreements, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, actions taken by athletes, teams or leagues associated with our products that harm the reputations of those athletes, teams or leagues, could also seriously harm our brand image with consumers and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition. in addition, poor performance by our endorsers, a failure to continue to correctly identify promising athletes to use and endorse our products, or a failure to enter into cost-effective endorsement arrangements with prominent athletes and sports organizations could adversely affect our brand, sales and profitability.
currency exchange rate fluctuations could result in lower revenues, higher costs and decreased margins and earnings.
a majority of our products are manufactured and sold outside of the united states. as a result, we conduct purchase and sale transactions in various currencies, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates globally. our international revenues and expenses generally are derived from sales and operations in foreign currencies, and these revenues and expenses could be affected by currency fluctuations, including amounts recorded in foreign currencies and translated into u.s. dollars for consolidated financial reporting, as weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects the u.s. dollar value of the company's foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings. currency exchange rate fluctuations could also disrupt the business of the independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials more expensive and more difficult to finance. foreign currency fluctuations have adversely affected, and could continue to have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may hedge certain foreign currency exposures to lessen and delay, but not to completely eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our financial results. since the hedging activities are designed to lessen volatility, they not only reduce the negative impact of a stronger u.s. dollar or other trading currency, but they also reduce the positive impact of a weaker u.s. dollar or other trading currency. our future financial results could be significantly affected by the value of the u.s. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. the degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon our hedging activities.
7
global economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the uncertain state of the global economy continues to impact businesses around the world, and most acutely in emerging markets and developing economies. if global economic and financial market conditions do not improve or deteriorate, the following factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition:
•   slower consumer spending may result in reduced demand for our products, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations, lower revenues, higher discounts, increased inventories and lower gross margins.
•   in the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so.
•   we conduct transactions in various currencies, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. continued volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our reported operating results and financial condition.
•   continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) could have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability.
•   if retailers of our products experience declining revenues, or experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase our products, this could result in reduced orders for our products, order cancellations, late retailer payments, extended payment terms, higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
•   if retailers of our products experience severe financial difficulty, some may become insolvent and cease business operations, which could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers.
•   if contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase raw materials or to finance capital equipment and other general working capital needs, it may result in delays or non-delivery of shipments of our products.
our business is affected by seasonality, which could result in fluctuations in our operating results.
we experience moderate fluctuations in aggregate sales volume during the year. historically, revenues in the first and fourth fiscal quarters have slightly exceeded those in the second and third fiscal quarters. however, the mix of product sales may vary considerably from time to time as a result of changes in seasonal and geographic demand for particular types of footwear, apparel and equipment and in connection with the timing of global sporting events, including without limitation the olympics and the world cup. in addition, our customers may cancel orders, change delivery schedules or change the mix of products ordered with minimal notice. as a result, we may not be able to accurately predict our quarterly sales. accordingly, our results of operations are likely to fluctuate significantly from period to period. this seasonality, along with other factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, changes in consumer preferences, weather conditions, availability of import quotas, transportation disruptions and currency exchange rate fluctuations, could adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate. our operating margins are also sensitive to a number of additional factors that are beyond our control, including manufacturing and transportation costs, shifts in product sales mix and geographic sales trends, all of which we expect to continue. results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period.
futures orders may not be an accurate indication of our future revenues.
we make substantial use of our futures ordering program, which allows retailers to order five to six months in advance of delivery with the commitment that their orders will be delivered within a set period of time at a fixed price. our futures ordering program allows us to minimize the amount of products we hold in inventory, purchasing costs, the time necessary to fill customer orders and the risk of non-delivery. we report changes in futures orders in our periodic financial reports. although we believe futures orders are an important indicator of our future revenues, reported futures orders are not necessarily indicative of our expectation of revenues for any future period. this is because the mix of orders can shift between futures and at-once orders. in addition, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, order cancellations, shipping timing, returns and discounts can cause differences in the comparisons between futures orders and actual revenues. moreover, a significant portion of our revenue is not derived from futures orders, including at-once and closeout sales of nike brand footwear and apparel, sales of nike brand equipment, sales from our direct to consumer operations and sales from our converse, hurley and nike golf businesses.
our futures ordering program does not prevent excess inventories or inventory shortages, which could result in decreased operating margins, cash flows and harm to our business.
we purchase products from manufacturers outside of our futures ordering program and in advance of customer orders, which we hold in inventory and resell to customers. there is a risk we may be unable to sell excess products ordered from manufacturers. inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs, and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices could significantly impair our brand image and have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if our manufacturers fail to supply products we require at the time we need them, we may experience inventory shortages. inventory shortages might delay shipments to customers, negatively impact retailer and distributor relationships and diminish brand loyalty.
the difficulty in forecasting demand also makes it difficult to estimate our future results of operations and financial condition from period to period. a failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net revenues and net income, and we are unlikely to forecast such effects with any certainty in advance.
8
we may be adversely affected by the financial health of our retailers.
we extend credit to our customers based on an assessment of a customer's financial condition, generally without requiring collateral. to assist in the scheduling of production and the shipping of seasonal products, we offer customers the ability to place orders five to six months ahead of delivery under our futures ordering program. these advance orders may be canceled, and the risk of cancellation may increase when dealing with financially ailing retailers or retailers struggling with economic uncertainty. in the past, some customers have experienced financial difficulties, which have had an adverse effect on our sales, our ability to collect on receivables and our financial condition. when the retail economy weakens, retailers may be more cautious with orders. a slowing economy in our key markets could adversely affect the financial health of our customers, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, product sales are dependent in part on high quality merchandising and an appealing store environment to attract consumers, which requires continuing investments by retailers. retailers that experience financial difficulties may fail to make such investments or delay them, resulting in lower sales and orders for our products.
consolidation of retailers or concentration of retail market share among a few retailers may increase and concentrate our credit risk, and impair our ability to sell products.
the athletic footwear, apparel and equipment retail markets in some countries are dominated by a few large athletic footwear, apparel and equipment retailers with many stores. these retailers have in the past increased their market share and may continue to do so in the future by expanding through acquisitions and construction of additional stores. these situations concentrate our credit risk with a relatively small number of retailers, and, if any of these retailers were to experience a shortage of liquidity, it would increase the risk that their outstanding payables to us may not be paid. in addition, increasing market share concentration among one or a few retailers in a particular country or region increases the risk that if any one of them substantially reduces their purchases of our products, we may be unable to find a sufficient number of other retail outlets for our products to sustain the same level of sales and revenues.
our direct to consumer operations have required and will continue to require a substantial investment and commitment of resources, and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
our direct to consumer stores have required substantial fixed investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information systems, inventory and personnel. we have entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space. certain stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and marketing activities. because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more investment than other stores. due to the high fixed-cost structure associated with our direct to consumer operations, a decline in sales or the closure or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and employee-related costs.
many factors unique to retail operations, some of which are beyond the company's control, pose risks and uncertainties. risks include, but are not limited to: credit card fraud; mismanagement of existing retail channel partners; and inability to manage costs associated with store construction and operation. in addition, extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores are located could adversely affect our business.
if the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
many of our customers shop with us through our e-commerce website and mobile commerce applications. increasingly, customers are using tablets and smart phones to shop online with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. we are increasingly using social media and proprietary mobile applications to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. any failure on our part to provide attractive, effective, reliable, user-friendly e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise with rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our e-commerce business globally and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
risks specific to our e-commerce business also include diversion of sales from our and our retailers' brick and mortar stores, difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through direct channels and liability for online content. our failure to successfully respond to these risks might adversely affect sales in our e-commerce business, as well as damage our reputation and brands.
failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business.
we believe that our intellectual property rights are important to our brand, our success and our competitive position. we periodically discover products that are counterfeit reproductions of our products or that otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. if we are unsuccessful in enforcing our intellectual property, continued sales of these products could adversely affect our sales and our brand and could result in a shift of consumer preference away from our products.
the actions we take to establish and protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our products by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our products as violations of proprietary rights.
we may be subject to liability if third parties successfully claim that we infringe on their intellectual property rights. defending infringement claims could be expensive and time-consuming and might result in our entering into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development, use, importation and/or sale of certain products.
we take various actions to prevent the unauthorized use and/or disclosure of confidential information. such actions include contractual measures such as entering into non-disclosure and non-compete agreements and providing confidential information awareness training. our controls and efforts to prevent unauthorized use and/or disclosure of confidential information might not always be effective. confidential information that is related to business strategy, new technologies, mergers and acquisitions, unpublished financial results or personal data could be prematurely or inadvertently used and/or disclosed, resulting in a loss of reputation, a decline in our stock price and/or a negative impact on our market position, and could lead to damages, fines, penalties or injunctions.
9
in addition, the laws of certain countries may not protect or allow enforcement of intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. we may face significant expenses and liability in connection with the protection of our intellectual property rights, including outside the united states, and if we are unable to successfully protect our rights or resolve intellectual property conflicts with others, our business or financial condition may be adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk that our licensees may not generate expected sales or maintain the value of our brands.
we currently license, and expect to continue licensing, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to third parties. if our licensees fail to successfully market and sell licensed products, or fail to obtain sufficient capital or effectively manage their business operations, customer relationships, labor relationships, supplier relationships or credit risks, it could adversely affect our revenues, both directly from reduced royalties received and indirectly from reduced sales of our other products.
we also rely on our licensees to help preserve the value of our brands. although we attempt to protect our brands through approval rights over the design, production processes, quality, packaging, merchandising, distribution, advertising and promotion of our licensed products, we cannot completely control the use of our licensed brands by our licensees. the misuse of a brand by a licensee could have a material adverse effect on that brand and on us.
we are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation.
hackers and data thieves are increasingly sophisticated and operate large-scale and complex automated attacks. any breach of our network may result in the loss of valuable business data, misappropriation of our consumers' or employees' personal information or a disruption of our business, which could give rise to unwanted media attention, materially damage our customer relationships and reputation and result in lost sales, fines or lawsuits.
in addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data. any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks. misuse of or failure to secure personal information could also result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations, proceedings against the company by governmental entities or others, damage to our reputation and credibility and could have a negative impact on revenues and profits.
failure of our contractors or our licensees' contractors to comply with our code of conduct, local laws and other standards could harm our business.
we work with hundreds of contractors outside of the united states to manufacture our products, and we also have license agreements that permit unaffiliated parties to manufacture or contract for the manufacture of products using our intellectual property. we require the contractors that directly manufacture our products and our licensees that make products using our intellectual property (including, indirectly, their contract manufacturers) to comply with a code of conduct and other environmental, health and safety standards for the benefit of workers. we also require these contractors to comply with applicable standards for product safety. notwithstanding their contractual obligations, from time to time contractors may not comply with such standards or applicable local law or our licensees may fail to enforce such standards or applicable local law on their contractors. significant or continuing noncompliance with such standards and laws by one or more contractors could harm our reputation or result in a product recall and, as a result, could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial condition.
our international operations involve inherent risks which could result in harm to our business.
virtually all of our athletic footwear and apparel is manufactured outside of the united states, and the majority of our products are sold outside of the united states. accordingly, we are subject to the risks generally associated with global trade and doing business abroad, which include foreign laws and regulations, varying consumer preferences across geographic regions, political unrest, disruptions or delays in cross-border shipments and changes in economic conditions in countries in which our products are manufactured or where we sell products. in addition, disease outbreaks, terrorist acts and military conflict have increased the risks of doing business abroad. these factors, among others, could affect our ability to manufacture products or procure materials, our ability to import products, our ability to sell products in international markets and our cost of doing business. if any of these or other factors make the conduct of business in a particular country undesirable or impractical, our business could be adversely affected. in addition, many of our imported products are subject to duties, tariffs or quotas that affect the cost and quantity of various types of goods imported into the united states and other countries. any country in which our products are produced or sold may eliminate, adjust or impose new quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures, anti-dumping duties, cargo restrictions to prevent terrorism, restrictions on the transfer of currency, climate change legislation, product safety regulations or other charges or restrictions, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
changes in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability.
we earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries, and are subject to the tax laws of those jurisdictions. the company's most significant tax liabilities are incurred in the united states, china and the netherlands. if our capital or financing needs in the u.s. require us to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions above our current levels, our effective income tax rates for the affected periods could be negatively impacted. current economic and political conditions make tax rules in any jurisdiction, including the u.s., subject to significant change. there have been proposals to reform u.s. and foreign tax laws that could significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law, could have an adverse impact on our income tax expense and cash flows.
our effective income tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, the outcome of income tax audits in various jurisdictions around the world and any repatriation of non-u.s. earnings for which we have not previously provided for u.s. taxes.
10
we and our subsidiaries are engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. although we believe that these transactions reflect the accurate economic allocation of profit and that the proper transfer pricing documentation is in place, the profit allocation and transfer pricing terms and conditions may be scrutinized by local tax authorities during an audit and any resulting changes may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates.
portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays and rulings that expire in whole or in part from time to time. these tax holidays and rulings may be extended when certain conditions are met, or terminated if certain conditions are not met. if the tax holidays and rulings are not extended, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate, then our effective tax rate would increase in the future.
we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess all of these matters to determine the adequacy of our tax provision, which is subject to significant discretion. although we believe our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made.
if one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their obligations to us or fail, we may incur significant losses.
as part of our hedging activities, we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, which may include forward contracts, commodity futures contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps with various financial institutions. in addition, we have significant amounts of cash, cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the united states and abroad. as a result, we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of counterparty financial institutions. the risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. if one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. in the event of default or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on a concentrated source base of contract manufacturers to supply a significant portion of our footwear products.
nike is supplied by approximately 146 footwear factories located in 14 countries. we do not own or operate any of our own footwear manufacturing facilities and depend upon independent contract manufacturers to manufacture all of the footwear products we sell. in fiscal 2015, five footwear contract manufacturers each accounted for greater than 10% of fiscal 2015 footwear production, and in aggregate accounted for approximately 69% of nike brand footwear production in fiscal 2015. our ability to meet our customers' needs depends on our ability to maintain a steady supply of products from our independent contract manufacturers. if one or more of our significant suppliers were to sever their relationship with us or significantly alter the terms of our relationship, we may not be able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition or results of operations. additionally, if any of our primary contract manufacturers fail to make timely shipments, do not meet our quality standards or otherwise fail to deliver us product in accordance with our plans, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing, manufacturing and financing.
the principal materials used in our apparel products - natural and synthetic fabrics and threads, specialized performance fabrics designed to efficiently wick moisture away from the body, retain heat or repel rain and/or snow as well as plastic and metal hardware - are available in countries where our manufacturing takes place. the principal materials used in our footwear products - natural and synthetic rubber, plastic compounds, foam cushioning materials, natural and synthetic leather, nylon, canvas and polyurethane films - are also locally available to manufacturers. both our apparel and footwear products are dependent upon the ability of our unaffiliated contract manufacturers to locate, train, employ and retain adequate personnel. nike contractors and suppliers buy raw materials and are subject to wage rates that are oftentimes regulated by the governments of the countries in which our products are manufactured.
there could be a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from current sources or, in the event of a disruption, our contract manufacturers might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. further, our unaffiliated contract manufacturers have experienced and may continue to experience in the future, unexpected increases in work wages, whether government mandated or otherwise and increases in compliance costs due to governmental regulation concerning certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products. in addition, we cannot be certain that our unaffiliated manufacturers will be able to fill our orders in a timely manner. if we experience significant increases in demand, or reductions in the availability of materials, or need to replace an existing manufacturer, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of fabrics or raw materials or additional manufacturing capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or that any supplier or manufacturer would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. in addition, even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or sources of materials, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products, quality control standards and labor, health and safety standards. any delays, interruption or increased costs in labor or wages, or the supply of materials or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail customer and consumer demand for our products and result in lower revenues and net income both in the short- and long- term.
because independent manufacturers make a majority of our products outside of our principal sales markets, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographic distances. delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes, infrastructure congestion or other factors, and costs and delays associated with consolidating or transitioning between manufacturers, could adversely impact our financial performance. in addition, manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our products may require us to use faster, but more expensive, transportation methods such as air freight, which could adversely affect our profit margins. the cost of oil is a significant component in manufacturing and transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum products can adversely affect our profit margins.
11
in addition, sojitz america performs significant import-export financing services for the company. during fiscal 2015, sojitz america provided financing and purchasing services for nike brand products sold in certain nike markets including argentina, uruguay, canada, brazil, india, indonesia, the philippines, south africa and thailand (collectively the "sojitz markets"), excluding products produced and sold in the same country. any failure of sojitz america to provide these services or any failure of sojitz america's banks could disrupt our ability to acquire products from our suppliers and to deliver products to our customers in the sojitz markets. such a disruption could result in canceled orders that would adversely affect sales and profitability.
our success depends on our global distribution facilities.
we distribute our products to customers directly from the factory and through distribution centers located throughout the world. our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies and growth, particularly in emerging markets, depends on the proper operation of our distribution facilities, the development or expansion of additional distribution capabilities and the timely performance of services by third parties (including those involved in shipping product to and from our distribution facilities). our distribution facilities could be interrupted by information technology problems and disasters such as earthquakes or fires. any significant failure in our distribution facilities could result in an adverse effect on our business. we maintain business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from adverse effects that could be caused by significant disruptions in our distribution facilities.
we rely significantly on information technology to operate our business, including our supply chain and retail operations, and any failure, inadequacy or interruption of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business.
we are heavily dependent on information technology systems and networks, including the internet and third-party hosted services ("information technology systems"), across our supply chain, including product design, production, forecasting, ordering, manufacturing, transportation, sales and distribution, as well as for processing financial information for external and internal reporting purposes, retail operations and other business activities. our ability to effectively manage and maintain our inventory and to ship products to customers on a timely basis depends significantly on the reliability of these information technology systems. over a number of years, we have implemented information technology systems in all of the geographical regions in which we operate. our work to integrate and enhance these systems and related processes in our global operations is ongoing. the failure of these systems to operate effectively, including as a result of security breaches, viruses, hackers or other causes, or problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems could cause delays in product fulfillment and reduced efficiency of our operations, could require significant capital investments to remediate the problem, and may have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
we also use information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. if our information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, which could result in lost revenues and profits, as well as reputational damage. furthermore, we depend on information technology systems and personal data collection and use for digital marketing, digital commerce and the marketing and use of our nike+ products and services. we also engage in electronic communications throughout the world between and among our employees as well as with other third parties, including customers, suppliers, vendors and consumers. our information technology systems are critical to many of our operating activities and our business processes and may be negatively impacted by any service interruption or shutdown.
the market for prime real estate is competitive.
our ability to effectively obtain real estate to open new retail stores and otherwise conduct our operations, both domestically and internationally, depends on the availability of real estate that meets our criteria for traffic, square footage, co-tenancies, lease economics, demographics and other factors. we also must be able to effectively renew our existing real estate leases. in addition, from time to time, we seek to downsize, consolidate, reposition or close some of our real estate locations, which may require modification of an existing lease. failure to secure adequate new locations or successfully modify leases for existing locations, or failure to effectively manage the profitability of our existing fleet of retail stores, could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
additionally, the economic environment may at times make it difficult to determine the fair market rent of real estate properties domestically and internationally. this could impact the quality of our decisions to exercise lease options at previously negotiated rents and to renew expiring leases at negotiated rents. any adverse effect on the quality of these decisions could impact our ability to retain real estate locations adequate to meet our targets or efficiently manage the profitability of our existing fleet of stores, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
extreme weather conditions and natural disasters could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our retail stores, suppliers, customers, distribution centers and vendors are located could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. moreover, natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes and tsunamis, whether occurring in the united states or abroad, and their related consequences and effects, including energy shortages and public health issues, could disrupt our operations, the operations of our vendors and other suppliers or result in economic instability that may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
our financial results may be adversely affected if substantial investments in businesses and operations fail to produce expected returns.
from time to time, we may invest in technology, business infrastructure, new businesses, product offering and manufacturing innovation and expansion of existing businesses, such as our retail operations, which require substantial cash investments and management attention. we believe cost-effective investments are essential to business growth and profitability. however, significant investments are subject to typical risks and uncertainties inherent in developing a new business or expanding an existing business. the failure of any significant investment to provide expected returns or profitability could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and divert management attention from more profitable business operations.
12
we are subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which could result in unexpected expense of time and resources.
from time to time we are called upon to defend ourselves against lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. an unfavorable outcome could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, any significant litigation in the future, regardless of its merits, could divert management's attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees.
we depend on key personnel, the loss of whom would harm our business.
our future success will depend in part on the continued service of key executive officers and personnel. the loss of the services of any key individual could harm our business. our future success also depends on our ability to recruit, retain and engage our personnel sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our strategic initiatives. competition for employees in our industry is intense and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel.
the sale of a large number of shares of common stock owned or managed by our chairman and related entities could depress the market price of our common stock.
as of june 30, 2015, philip h. knight, co-founder and chairman of our board of directors, and swoosh, llc, an entity formed to manage 128,500,000 shares of class a common stock formerly owned by mr. knight, beneficially owned more than 82% of our class a common stock. if on june 30, 2015 all of the aforementioned class a common stock were converted into class b common stock, the commensurate ownership percentage of our class b common stock would be approximately 17.7%. the class a common stock shares are available for resale, subject to the requirements of the u.s. securities laws and the terms of the limited liability company agreement governing swoosh, llc. the sale or prospect of the sale of a substantial number of these shares could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
changes in our credit ratings or macroeconomic conditions may affect our liquidity, increasing borrowing costs and limiting our financing options.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's investors service. if our credit ratings are lowered, borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term credit facilities may increase and our financing options, including our access to the unsecured credit market, could be limited. we may also be subject to restrictive covenants that would reduce our flexibility to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments, pledge assets as security, make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions, undergo fundamental changes and enter into transactions with affiliates. failure to comply with such covenants could result in a default, and as a result, the commitments of our lenders under our credit agreements may be terminated and the maturity of amounts owed may be accelerated. in addition, macroeconomic conditions, such as increased volatility or disruption in the credit markets, could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt.
if our internal controls are ineffective, our operating results could be adversely affected.
our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls or fraud. even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.
if our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely affected.
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." the results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventories, contingent payments under endorsement contracts, accounting for property, plant and equipment and definite-lived assets and goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the price of our class b common stock.
anti-takeover provisions may impair an acquisition of the company or reduce the price of our common stock.
there are provisions of our articles of incorporation and oregon law that are intended to protect shareholder interests by providing the board of directors a means to attempt to deny coercive takeover attempts or to negotiate with a potential acquirer in order to obtain more favorable terms. such provisions include a control share acquisition statute, a freeze-out statute, two classes of stock that vote separately on certain issues, and the fact that holders of class a common stock elect three-quarters of the board of directors rounded down to the next whole number. however, such provisions could discourage, delay or prevent an unsolicited merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that some shareholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which shareholders might receive a premium for their common stock over the prevailing market price. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests for control of the company.
13
we may fail to meet market expectations, which could cause the price of our stock to decline.
our class b common stock is traded publicly, and at any given time various securities analysts follow our financial results and issue reports on us. these reports include information about our historical financial results as well as analysts' estimates of our future performance. analysts' estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different from our estimates or expectations. if our operating results are below the estimates or expectations of public market analysts and investors, our stock price could decline. in the past, securities class action litigation has been brought against nike and other companies following a decline in the market price of their securities. if our stock price is volatile, we may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. any litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business.
14
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nike designs, develops, markets and sells athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories and services worldwide. we are the largest seller of athletic footwear and apparel in the world. we sell our products to retail accounts, through nike-owned in-line and factory retail stores and nike-owned internet websites (which we refer to as our "direct to consumer" or "dtc" operations), and through a mix of independent distributors, licensees and sales representatives in virtually all countries around the world. our goal is to deliver value to our shareholders by building a profitable global portfolio of branded footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories businesses. our strategy is to achieve long-term revenue growth by creating innovative, "must have" products, building deep personal consumer connections with our brands and delivering compelling consumer experiences at retail and online.
in addition to achieving long-term, sustainable revenue growth, we continue to strive to deliver shareholder value by driving operational excellence in several key areas:
•   expanding gross margin by:
- delivering innovative, premium products that command higher prices while maintaining a balanced price-to-value proposition for consumers;
- reducing product costs through a continued focus on manufacturing efficiency, product design and innovation;
- making our supply chain a competitive advantage by investing in new technologies that increase automation, help reduce waste and have long-term potential to increase both customization of our products and speed to market; and
- driving growth in our higher gross margin dtc business as part of an integrated marketplace growth strategy across our dtc and wholesale operations.
•   optimizing selling and administrative expense by focusing on:
- investments in consumer engagement that drive economic returns in the form of incremental revenue and gross profit;
- infrastructure investments that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations; and
- increasing the productivity of our legacy infrastructure.
•   improving working capital efficiency; and
•   deploying capital effectively.
through execution of this strategy, our long-term financial goals continue to be:
•   high single-digit revenue growth,
•   mid-teens earnings per share growth,
•   strong return on invested capital and accelerated cash flows and
•   sustainable, profitable, long-term growth through effective management of our diversified portfolio of businesses.
over the past ten years, we have achieved many of these financial goals. during this time, revenues and diluted earnings per common share for nike, inc., inclusive of both continuing and discontinued operations, have grown 8% and 13%, respectively, on an annual compounded basis. our return on invested capital has increased from 23.2% to 28.1% and we expanded gross margins by approximately 150 basis points.
on november 15, 2012, we announced a two-for-one stock split of both class a and class b common shares. the stock split was in the form of a 100% stock dividend payable on december 24, 2012 to shareholders of record at the close of business on december 10, 2012. common stock began trading at the split-adjusted price on december 26, 2012. all share numbers and per share amounts presented reflect the stock split.
our fiscal 2015 results from continuing operations demonstrated nike's ongoing commitment to deliver consistent growth in revenues, earnings and cash returns to shareholders, while investing for long-term growth. despite significant foreign currency headwinds, we delivered record revenues and earnings per share in fiscal 2015. nike, inc. revenues grew 10% to $30.6 billion, gross margin expanded 120 basis points, net income from continuing operations increased 22% to $3.3 billion and diluted earnings per common share increased 25% to $3.70.
earnings before interest and income taxes ("ebit") from continuing operations increased 18% for fiscal 2015, driven by revenue growth and gross margin expansion, which more than offset higher selling and administrative expense. the increase in revenues was attributable to growth across nearly all nike brand geographies, key categories and product types. this broad-based growth was primarily fueled by:
•   innovative performance and sportswear products, incorporating proprietary technology platforms such as nike air, free, zoom, lunar, flywire, dri-fit and flyknit;
•   deep brand connections to consumers through a category lens, reinforced by investments in endorsements by high-profile athletes, sports teams and leagues, high-impact marketing around global sporting events (such as the world cup and nfl super bowl) and digital marketing; and
•   strong category retail presentation online and at nike-owned and retail partner stores.
our converse business also grew, with revenue and ebit growth of 18% and 4%, respectively.
gross margin increased primarily due to higher average selling prices and the favorable impact of our higher-margin dtc businesses, partially offset by higher product input costs, primarily a result of labor input cost inflation and shifts in mix to higher-cost products.
for fiscal 2015, the growth of our net income from continuing operations was positively affected by a year-over-year decrease in our effective tax rate of 180 basis points primarily due to the favorable resolution of audits in several jurisdictions. in addition, diluted earnings per common share grew at a higher rate than net income due to a 2% decrease in the weighted average diluted common shares outstanding, driven by our share repurchase program.
20
while foreign currency markets remain volatile, we continue to see opportunities to drive future growth and remain committed to effectively managing our business to achieve our financial goals over the long-term by executing against the operational strategies outlined above.
results of operations unless otherwise indicated, the following disclosures reflect the company's continuing operations.
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                             fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change           fiscal 2013          % change revenues                                                               $30,601               $27,799               10   %            $25,313               10   %
cost of sales                                                           16,534                15,353                8   %             14,279                8   %
gross profit                                                            14,067                12,446               13   %             11,034               13   %
gross margin %                                                            46.0     %            44.8     %                              43.6     %
demand creation expense                                                  3,213                 3,031                6   %              2,745               10   %
operating overhead expense                                               6,679                 5,735               16   %              5,051               14   %
total selling and administrative expense                                 9,892                 8,766               13   %              7,796               12   %
% of revenues                                                             32.3     %            31.5     %                              30.8     %
interest expense (income), net                                              28                    33                -                     (3     )          -
other (income) expense, net                                                (58     )             103                -                    (15     )          -
income before income taxes                                               4,205                 3,544               19   %              3,256                9   %
income tax expense                                                         932                   851               10   %                805                6   %
effective tax rate                                                        22.2     %            24.0     %                              24.7     %
net income from continuing operations                                    3,273                 2,693               22   %              2,451               10   %
net income from discontinued operations(1)                                   -                     -                -                     21                -
net income                                                              $3,273                $2,693               22   %             $2,472                9   %
diluted earnings per common share - continuing operations                $3.70                 $2.97               25   %              $2.68               11   %
diluted earnings per common share - discontinued operations(1)              $-                    $-                -                  $0.02                -
(1)   during fiscal 2013, we divested of umbro and cole haan, allowing us to focus our resources on driving growth in the nike, jordan, converse and hurley brands. as of may 31, 2013, we had substantially completed all transition services related to the sale of both businesses. the results of the divestitures are presented as discontinued operations. please refer to note 15 - discontinued operations in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for more detail.
21
consolidated operating results revenues
(dollars in millions)                                                      fiscal 2015       fiscal 2014(1)      % change      % change excluding currency changes(2)       fiscal 2013(1)      % change      % change excluding currency changes(2)
nike, inc. revenues:
nike brand revenues by:
footwear                                                                 $18,318             $16,208            13      %                    17   %                         $14,635            11      %                    12   %
apparel                                                                    8,636               8,109             6      %                    10   %                           7,491             8      %                    10   %
equipment                                                                  1,632               1,670            -2      %                     1   %                           1,640             2      %                     4   %
global brand divisions(3)                                                    115                 125            -8      %                    -2   %                             115             9      %                     6   %
total nike brand revenues                                                 28,701              26,112            10      %                    14   %                          23,881             9      %                    11   %
converse                                                                   1,982               1,684            18      %                    21   %                           1,449            16      %                    15   %
corporate(4)                                                                 (82     )             3             -                            -                                 (17      )      -                            -
total nike, inc. revenues                                                $30,601             $27,799            10      %                    14   %                         $25,313            10      %                    11   %
supplemental nike brand revenues details:
nike brand revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                                             $21,952             $20,683             6      %                    10   %                         $19,401             7      %                     8   %
sales direct to consumer                                                   6,634               5,304            25      %                    29   %                           4,365            22      %                    22   %
global brand divisions(3)                                                    115                 125            -8      %                    -2   %                             115             9      %                     6   %
total nike brand revenues                                                $28,701             $26,112            10      %                    14   %                         $23,881             9      %                    11   %
nike brand revenues on a wholesale equivalent basis:(5)
sales to wholesale customers                                             $21,952             $20,683             6      %                    10   %                         $19,401             7      %                     8   %
sales from our wholesale operations to direct to consumer operations       3,881               3,107            25      %                    29   %                           2,499            24      %                    25   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                           $25,833             $23,790             9      %                    13   %                         $21,900             9      %                    10   %
nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues by:(5)
men's                                                                    $14,694             $14,001             5      %                     9   %                         $13,073             7      %                     9   %
women's                                                                    5,724               4,971            15      %                    20   %                           4,494            11      %                    12   %
young athletes'                                                            4,301               3,737            15      %                    19   %                           3,251            15      %                    16   %
others(6)                                                                  1,114               1,081             3      %                     7   %                           1,082             0      %                     1   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                           $25,833             $23,790             9      %                    13   %                         $21,900             9      %                    10   %
nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues by:(5)
running                                                                   $4,853              $4,623             5      %                     9   %                          $4,274             8      %                    10   %
basketball                                                                 3,715               3,119            19      %                    21   %                           2,629            19      %                    19   %
football (soccer)                                                          2,246               2,413            -7      %                    -2   %                           2,043            18      %                    21   %
men's training                                                             2,537               2,483             2      %                     4   %                           2,393             4      %                     5   %
women's training                                                           1,279               1,145            12      %                    16   %                           1,065             8      %                    10   %
action sports                                                                736                 738             0      %                     4   %                             683             8      %                     9   %
sportswear                                                                 6,596               5,742            15      %                    20   %                           5,456             5      %                     7   %
golf                                                                         771                 789            -2      %                     0   %                             792             0      %                     1   %
others(7)                                                                  3,100               2,738            13      %                    17   %                           2,565             7      %                     8   %
total nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues                           $25,833             $23,790             9      %                    13   %                         $21,900             9      %                    10   %
22
(1)   certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to fiscal 2015 presentation. these changes had no impact on previously reported results of operations or shareholders' equity.
(2)   results have been restated using actual exchange rates in use during the comparative period to enhance the visibility of the underlying business trends by excluding the impact of translation arising from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
(3)   global brand divisions revenues primarily represent nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
(4)   corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency revenue-related hedge gains and losses generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse through our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program.
(5)   references to nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues are intended to provide context as to the total size of our nike brand market footprint if we had no direct to consumer operations. nike brand wholesale equivalent revenues consist of (1) sales to external wholesale customers and (2) internal sales from our wholesale operations to our direct to consumer operations which are charged at prices that are comparable to prices charged to external wholesale customers.
(6)   others include all unisex products, equipment and other products not allocated to men's, women's and young athletes', as well as certain adjustments that are not allocated to products designated by gender or age.
(7)   others include all other categories and certain adjustments that are not allocated at the category level.
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
on a currency-neutral basis, revenues from nike, inc. continuing operations grew 14% for fiscal 2015, driven by increases in revenues for both the nike brand and converse. every nike brand geography delivered higher revenues for fiscal 2015 as our category offense continued to deliver innovative products, deep brand connections and compelling retail experiences to consumers. north america contributed 5 percentage points of the increase in nike, inc. revenues, while western europe contributed 4 percentage points, greater china contributed 2 percentage points and central & eastern europe, emerging markets and converse each contributed 1 percentage point.
excluding the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, nike brand footwear and apparel revenues increased 17% and 10%, respectively, while nike brand equipment revenues increased 1% during fiscal 2015. the increase in nike brand footwear revenues for fiscal 2015 was driven by strong performance in our sportswear, basketball, running and football (soccer) categories. footwear unit sales in fiscal 2015 increased 9% and increases in average selling price per pair contributed approximately 8 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was driven primarily by shifts in mix to higher-priced products, and to a lesser extent, the favorable impact of growth in our higher-priced dtc business.
the constant-currency increase in nike brand apparel revenues for fiscal 2015 was driven by growth in most key categories, led by sportswear, running and women's training, which were partially offset by a decline in football (soccer) due largely to the comparison to significant sales of replica apparel in advance of the world cup in 2014. fiscal 2015 unit sales of apparel increased 8% and increases in average selling price per unit contributed approximately 2 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per unit was driven primarily by increased revenues from our higher-priced dtc business.
while wholesale revenues remain the largest component of overall nike brand revenues, we continue to expand our dtc businesses in each of our geographies. our nike brand dtc operations include nike-owned in-line and factory stores, as well as online sales through nike-owned websites. for fiscal 2015, dtc revenues represented approximately 23% of our total nike brand revenues compared to 20% in fiscal 2014. on a currency-neutral basis, dtc revenues grew 29% for fiscal 2015, driven by strong comparable store sales growth of 16%, significant online sales growth and the addition of new stores. comparable store sales include revenues from nike-owned in-line and factory stores for which all three of the following requirements have been met: (1) the store has been open at least one year, (2) square footage has not changed by more than 15% within the past year and (3) the store has not been permanently repositioned within the past year. online sales through nike-owned websites, which are not included in comparable store sales, grew 59% in fiscal 2015. online sales represented approximately 18% of our total nike brand dtc revenues for fiscal 2015 compared to 15% for fiscal 2014.
on a wholesale equivalent basis and excluding the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, fiscal 2015 nike brand men's revenues increased 9%, driven by growth in our sportswear, basketball and running categories. women's revenues accelerated in fiscal 2015, achieving 20% growth primarily due to increases in sportswear, running and women's training categories. revenues in our young athletes' business increased 19% as a result of continued efforts to expand footwear and apparel offerings for this group across multiple categories, particularly basketball.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
on a currency-neutral basis, revenues from nike, inc. continuing operations grew 11% for fiscal 2014, driven by increases in revenues for both the nike brand and converse. every nike brand geography delivered higher revenues for fiscal 2014. north america contributed 5 percentage points of the increase in nike, inc. revenues, while western europe and emerging markets each contributed 2 percentage points and central & eastern europe and converse each contributed 1 percentage point.
on a currency-neutral basis, nike brand footwear and apparel revenues increased 12% and 10%, respectively, while nike brand equipment revenues increased 4% during fiscal 2014. the increase in nike brand footwear revenues for fiscal 2014 was mainly due to growth in our basketball, sportswear, running and football (soccer) categories. footwear unit sales in fiscal 2014 increased approximately 7% and the average selling price per pair contributed approximately 5 percentage points of footwear revenue growth, driven nearly equally by price increases and shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
for nike brand apparel, the increase in revenues for fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in all key categories, most notably our football (soccer), running and women's training categories. in fiscal 2014, unit sales of apparel increased approximately 6% and the average selling price per unit contributed approximately 4 percentage points of apparel revenue growth, driven by price increases and, to a lesser extent, a shift in mix to higher-priced products.
for fiscal 2014, dtc revenues represented approximately 20% of our total nike brand revenues compared to 18% in fiscal 2013. on a currency-neutral basis, dtc revenues grew 22% for fiscal 2014, as comparable store sales grew 10%, and we continued to open new stores and expand our e-commerce business. online sales through nike-owned websites grew 42% in fiscal 2014. online sales represented approximately 15% of our total nike brand dtc revenues for fiscal 2014 compared to 12% for fiscal 2013.
23
on a wholesale equivalent basis and excluding the effects of changes in currency exchange rates, fiscal 2014 nike brand men's revenues increased 9% mainly as a result of strong growth in our basketball, football (soccer), running and sportswear categories. women's revenues increased 12% in large part due to increases in our running, sportswear and women's training categories. the 16% increase in the young athletes' business was driven by increases in the basketball and football (soccer) categories in part due to our expanded footwear and apparel offerings for this age group.
futures orders futures orders for nike brand footwear and apparel scheduled for delivery from june through november 2015 were 2% higher than the orders reported for the comparable prior year period. the u.s. dollar futures order amount is calculated based upon our internal forecast of the currency exchange rates under which our revenues will be translated during this period. excluding the impact of currency changes, futures orders increased 13%, with unit orders and average selling price per unit contributing approximately 8 and 5 percentage points of growth, respectively.
by geography, futures orders growth was as follows:
reported futures orders          futures orders excluding currency changes(1)
north america                                  13             %                           13                        %
western europe                                -11             %                           14                        %
central &amp; eastern europe                   -9             %                           17                        %
greater china                                  20             %                           22                        %
japan                                           1             %                           20                        %
emerging markets                              -14             %                            2                        %
total nike brand futures orders                 2             %                           13                        %
(1)   reported futures have been restated using prior year exchange rates for the comparative period to enhance the visibility of the underlying business trends excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
the reported futures orders growth is not necessarily indicative of our expectation of revenue growth during this period. this is due to year-over-year changes in shipment timing, changes in the mix of orders between futures and at-once orders and because the fulfillment of certain orders may fall outside of the schedule noted above. in addition, exchange rate fluctuations as well as differing levels of order cancellations, discounts and returns can cause differences in the comparisons between futures orders and actual revenues. moreover, a portion of our revenue is not derived from futures orders, including sales of at-once and closeout nike brand footwear and apparel, sales of nike brand equipment, sales from our dtc operations and sales from converse, nike golf and hurley.
gross margin
(dollars in millions)         fiscal 2015             fiscal 2014              % change         fiscal 2013              % change gross profit                      $14,067                 $12,446             13      %             $11,034             13      %
gross margin %          46.0                %                44.8   %        120    bps   43.6                %        120    bps fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
for fiscal 2015, our consolidated gross margin was 120 basis points higher than fiscal 2014, primarily driven by the following factors:
•   higher nike brand average net selling prices (increasing gross margin approximately 250 basis points) primarily attributable to shifts in mix to higher-priced products and, to a lesser extent, increased prices, in part in response to inflationary conditions in certain territories;
•   higher nike brand product costs (decreasing gross margin approximately 190 basis points) largely due to shifts in mix to higher-cost products, labor input cost inflation and higher air freight costs, in part to mitigate the negative impacts from product delays due to the west coast port congestion in the united states;
•   growth in our higher-margin dtc business (increasing gross margin approximately 40 basis points); and
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates (including gains and losses on hedge transactions) increased gross margin approximately 20 basis points.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
for fiscal 2014, our consolidated gross margin was 120 basis points higher than fiscal 2013, primarily driven by the following factors:
•   higher nike brand average net selling prices (increasing gross margin approximately 160 basis points) attributable to both shifts in mix to higher-priced products and price increases;
•   higher nike brand product costs (decreasing gross margin approximately 50 basis points), primarily due to shifts in mix to higher-cost products, as well as labor input cost inflation;
•   growth in our higher-margin dtc business (increasing gross margin approximately 40 basis points);
•   improved margins due to cleaner closeout inventories (increasing margin approximately 20 basis points); and
•   unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including hedges (decreasing gross margin approximately 50 basis points).
24
total selling and administrative expense
(dollars in millions)                              fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change           fiscal 2013          % change demand creation expense(1)                        $3,213                $3,031                6      %          $2,745               10      %
operating overhead expense                         6,679                 5,735               16      %           5,051               14      %
total selling and administrative expense          $9,892                $8,766               13      %          $7,796               12      %
% of revenues                              32.3              %            31.5     %         80    bps   30.8              %         70    bps
(1)   demand creation expense consists of advertising and promotion costs, including costs of endorsement contracts, television, digital and print advertising, brand events and retail brand presentation.
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
demand creation expense increased 6% for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year, primarily due to support for key brand and consumer events, including the world cup in early fiscal 2015, increased digital brand marketing, investments in dtc marketing and higher sports marketing expense. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased growth in demand creation expense by approximately 4 percentage points for fiscal 2015.
operating overhead expense increased 16% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by investments in our rapidly growing dtc business, including new store openings and higher variable expenses, investments in operational infrastructure and consumer-focused digital capabilities and higher performance-based compensation. for fiscal 2015, changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased growth in operating overhead expense by approximately 3 percentage points.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
demand creation expense increased 10% compared to the prior year, mainly driven by marketing support for events, including the world cup, higher sports marketing expense, key product launches and initiatives and investments to upgrade the presentation of our products in wholesale accounts. for fiscal 2014, changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not have a material impact on demand creation expense.
compared to the prior year, operating overhead expense increased 14%, primarily attributable to growth in our dtc business driven by new store openings, higher personnel costs and e-commerce launches, as well as increased investments in our digital capabilities and corporate infrastructure. changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not have a material impact on operating overhead expense for fiscal 2014.
other (income) expense, net
(in millions)                 fiscal 2015         fiscal 2014     fiscal 2013
other (income) expense, net   $(58            )   $103            $(15            )
other (income) expense, net comprises foreign currency conversion gains and losses from the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and the impact of certain foreign currency derivative instruments, as well as unusual or non-operating transactions that are outside the normal course of business.
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
other (income) expense, net shifted from $103 million of other expense, net for fiscal 2014 to $58 million of other (income), net for fiscal 2015, primarily driven by a $147 million change to net foreign currency conversion gains, primarily due to significant hedge gains from available-for-sale investments, as well as an adverse legal judgment in the prior year related to a long outstanding bankruptcy case for a former customer in western europe.
we estimate the combination of the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international business and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes of $73 million for fiscal 2015.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
other (income) expense, net shifted from $15 million of other (income), net for fiscal 2013 to $103 million of other expense, net for fiscal 2014, primarily driven by a $90 million adverse change in foreign currency conversion gains and losses as well as an adverse legal judgment in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 related to a long outstanding bankruptcy case for a former customer in western europe.
we estimate the combination of the translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency-related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact on our income before income taxes of $139 million for fiscal 2014.
income taxes fiscal 2015            fiscal 2014       % change                fiscal 2013       % change effective tax rate   22.2               %   24.0               %   (180) bps          24.7               %   (70) bps fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
the 180 basis point decrease in our effective tax rate for the fiscal year was primarily due to the favorable resolution of audits in several jurisdictions.
25
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
the 70 basis point decrease in our effective tax rate for the fiscal year was primarily driven by an increase in earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended may 31, 2014, we reached a resolution with the irs on an advanced pricing agreement. this agreement did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for fiscal 2014. refer to note 9 - income taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosure.
operating segments our reportable operating segments are evidence of the structure of the company's internal organization. the nike brand segments are defined by geographic regions for operations participating in nike brand sales activity.
each nike brand geographic segment operates predominantly in one industry: the design, development, marketing and selling of athletic footwear, apparel and equipment. the company's reportable operating segments for the nike brand are: north america, western europe, central & eastern europe, greater china, japan and emerging markets, and include results for the nike, jordan and hurley brands. the company's nike brand dtc operations are managed within each geographic operating segment. converse is also a reportable segment for nike, inc., and operates in one industry: the design, marketing, licensing and selling of casual sneakers, apparel and accessories.
as part of our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program, standard foreign currency rates are assigned twice per year to each nike brand entity in our geographic operating segments and converse. these rates are set approximately nine months in advance of the future selling season based on average market spot rates in the calendar month preceding the date they are established. inventories and cost of sales for geographic operating segments and converse reflect the use of these standard rates to record non-functional currency product purchases into the entity's functional currency. differences between assigned standard foreign currency rates and actual market rates are included in corporate together with foreign currency hedge gains and losses generated from our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program and other conversion gains and losses.
the breakdown of revenues is as follows:
(dollars in millions)                  fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change          % change excluding currency changes(1)           fiscal 2013          % change          % change excluding currency changes(1)
north america                        $13,740               $12,299               12      %                        12                     %         $11,158               10      %                        10                     %
western europe                         5,709                 4,979               15      %                        21                     %           4,193               19      %                        14                     %
central &amp; eastern europe           1,417                 1,387                2      %                        15                     %           1,229               13      %                        15                     %
greater china                          3,067                 2,602               18      %                        19                     %           2,478                5      %                         3                     %
japan                                    755                   771               -2      %                         9                     %             876              -12      %                         5                     %
emerging markets                       3,898                 3,949               -1      %                         8                     %           3,832                3      %                        13                     %
global brand divisions(2)                115                   125               -8      %                        -2                     %             115                9      %                         6                     %
total nike brand revenues             28,701                26,112               10      %                        14                     %          23,881                9      %                        11                     %
converse                               1,982                 1,684               18      %                        21                     %           1,449               16      %                        15                     %
corporate(3)                             (82     )               3                -                                -                                   (17     )          -                                -
total nike, inc. revenues            $30,601               $27,799               10      %                        14                     %         $25,313               10      %                        11                     %
(1)   results have been restated using actual exchange rates in use during the comparative period to enhance the visibility of the underlying business trends excluding the impact of translation arising from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
(2)   global brand divisions revenues primarily represent nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
(3)   corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency revenue-related hedge gains and losses generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse through our centrally managed foreign exchange risk management program.
the primary financial measure used by the company to evaluate performance of individual operating segments is earnings before interest and taxes (commonly referred to as "ebit"), which represents net income before interest expense (income), net and income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income. as discussed in note 18 - operating segments and related information in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements, certain corporate costs are not included in ebit of our operating segments.
26
the breakdown of earnings before interest and taxes is as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                           fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014(1)          % change           fiscal 2013(1)          % change north america                                                  $3,645                  $3,077                18      %            $2,639                17      %
western europe                                                  1,277                     855                49      %               643                33      %
central &amp; eastern europe                                      247                     279               -11      %               234                19      %
greater china                                                     993                     816                22      %               813                 0      %
japan                                                             100                     131               -24      %               139                -6      %
emerging markets                                                  818                     952               -14      %               985                -3      %
global brand divisions                                         (2,263     )            (1,993      )        -14      %            (1,716      )        -16      %
total nike brand                                                4,817                   4,117                17      %             3,737                10      %
converse                                                          517                     496                 4      %               425                17      %
corporate                                                      (1,101     )            (1,036      )         -6      %              (909      )        -14      %
total consolidated earnings before interest and taxes           4,233                   3,577                18      %             3,253                10      %
interest expense (income), net                                     28                      33                 -                       (3      )          -
total consolidated incomebefore income taxes                   $4,205                  $3,544                19      %            $3,256                 9      %
(1)   certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to fiscal 2015 presentation. these changes had no impact on previously reported results of operations or shareholders' equity.
north america
(dollars in millions)                        fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013          % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                    $8,506                $7,495               13      %                      14                   %          $6,751               11      %                      11                   %
apparel                                      4,410                 3,937               12      %                      12                   %           3,591               10      %                      10                   %
equipment                            824                   867                         -5      %                      -5                   %   816                          6      %                       6                   %
total revenues                             $13,740               $12,299               12      %                      12                   %         $11,158               10      %                      10                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers               $10,243                $9,296               10      %                      10                   %          $8,571                8      %                       9                   %
sales direct to consumer                     3,497                 3,003               16      %                      17                   %           2,587               16      %                      16                   %
total revenues                             $13,740               $12,299               12      %                      12                   %         $11,158               10      %                      10                   %
earnings before interest and taxes          $3,645                $3,077               18      %                                                      $2,639               17      %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
north america revenues increased 12%, despite congestion at ports on the west coast of the united states in the second half of the fiscal year, which affected the company's supply chain and flow of product to customers. revenue growth was driven by nearly all key categories for fiscal 2015, led by our basketball, sportswear and men's and women's training categories. on a constant currency basis, dtc revenue grew 17% for fiscal 2015, fueled by comparable store sales growth of 8%, strong online sales growth and the addition of new stores.
footwear revenue growth was driven by increases in most key categories, notably basketball and sportswear. unit sales of footwear for fiscal 2015 increased 6% and higher average selling price per pair contributed approximately 8 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was primarily due to shifts in mix to higher-priced products, and to a lesser extent, price increases.
apparel revenue growth was attributable to strong demand in most key categories, led by sportswear, men's training, women's training and running, partially offset by slight declines in football (soccer) and action sports. for fiscal 2015, unit sales of apparel increased 9% and higher average selling price per unit contributed approximately 3 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per unit was driven primarily by the favorable impact of our higher-priced dtc business, as well as shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
ebit grew 18% for fiscal 2015 as a result of higher revenues, gross margin expansion and selling and administrative expense leverage. gross margin increased 110 basis points due to shifts in mix to higher-priced products, improved off-price product margins and lower inventory obsolescence costs, partially offset by higher product input and logistics costs. selling and administrative expense decreased as a percent of revenues despite higher demand creation expense to support key brand and sporting events and higher sports marketing expense. operating overhead costs also increased to support dtc growth and investments in infrastructure, as well as higher performance-based compensation costs.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
our continued focus on the category offense drove increased demand for nike brand products across all key categories for fiscal 2014. our basketball, men's training, running and sportswear categories fueled the revenue growth in fiscal 2014. dtc revenue growth in north america for fiscal 2014 was driven by a 7% increase in comparable store sales, the addition of 16 net new stores and strong online sales growth.
27
footwear revenue growth in north america was driven by higher demand in nearly all key categories, led by our basketball, running and sportswear categories. for fiscal 2014, unit sales increased 7% and average selling price per pair contributed 4 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was driven by price increases and shifts in mix toward higher-priced products in nearly equal amounts.
north america apparel revenue growth was fueled by higher demand in all key categories, most notably our men's training, women's training and sportswear categories. unit sales increased 6% and average selling price per unit contributed approximately 4 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per unit was primarily driven by price increases, and to a lesser extent, shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
ebit grew faster than revenues due to gross margin expansion and slight selling and administrative expense leverage. gross margin increased 120 basis points for fiscal 2014, reflecting pricing initiatives as well as lower product costs as a result of favorable changes in product mix. these gross margin benefits were partially offset by higher off-price mix. selling and administrative expenses grew in line with revenues as a result of higher operating overhead costs to support dtc growth and higher demand creation expense in support of the world cup and key product and brand initiatives.
western europe
(dollars in millions)                        fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013          % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                    $3,876                $3,299               17      %                      25                   %          $2,657               24      %                      20                   %
apparel                                      1,555                 1,427                9      %                      14                   %           1,289               11      %                       7                   %
equipment                            278                             253               10      %                      15                   %             247                2      %                      -1                   %
total revenues                              $5,709                $4,979               15      %                      21                   %          $4,193               19      %                      14                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                $4,455                $4,022               11      %                      17                   %          $3,481               16      %                      11                   %
sales direct to consumer                     1,254                   957               31      %                      40                   %             712               34      %                      29                   %
total revenues                              $5,709                $4,979               15      %                      21                   %          $4,193               19      %                      14                   %
earnings before interest and taxes          $1,277                  $855               49      %                                                        $643               33      %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
excluding the changes in currency exchange rates, revenues for fiscal 2015 increased 21% and grew in every territory, led by ags (austria, germany and switzerland) and the uk & ireland, our largest territories in western europe, which grew 27% and 20%, respectively. revenues grew for every key category, most notably sportswear and running. dtc revenues grew 40%, driven by comparable store sales growth of 24%, strong online sales growth and the addition of new stores.
the constant currency footwear revenue growth was driven by increases in nearly every category, most notably sportswear, running and football (soccer). for fiscal 2015, unit sales of footwear increased 20% and average selling price per pair contributed approximately 5 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was driven equally by shifts in mix to higher-priced products and the favorable impact of growth in our higher-priced dtc business.
the constant currency apparel revenue growth was attributable to increases in nearly all key categories, led by sportswear, women's training and running, partially offset by a slight decline in football (soccer) primarily due to the impact of world cup in fiscal 2014. unit sales of apparel in fiscal 2015 increased 14% while average selling price per unit was flat compared to the prior year.
despite the negative translation impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, most notably the euro, reported ebit grew 49% for fiscal 2015 as a result of strong revenue growth, gross margin expansion and selling and administrative expense leverage. gross margin increased 190 basis points, primarily due to favorable standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher average selling prices, which were only partially offset by higher product costs. selling and administrative expense decreased as a percent of revenues despite increases in operating overhead, primarily as a result of higher costs to support our growing dtc business. demand creation increased largely as a result of higher sports marketing and digital demand creation costs.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
on a currency-neutral basis, all territories in western europe reported revenue growth for fiscal 2014, except italy and iberia, which declined 7% and 1%, respectively. revenues for the u.k. & ireland and ags increased 20% and 23%, respectively. on a category basis, revenue growth in fiscal 2014 was fueled by our running, football (soccer) and sportswear categories. the growth in dtc revenues for fiscal 2014 was driven by 17% growth in comparable store sales, rapid growth in online sales and the addition of 19 net new stores.
constant currency footwear revenue growth in western europe reflected increases in every key category, most notably our sportswear, running, football (soccer) and basketball categories. unit sales in fiscal 2014 increased 11% and average selling price per pair contributed approximately 9 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average price per pair was primarily the result of price increases, shifts in mix to higher-priced products and lower discounts.
the constant currency increase in western europe apparel revenue was due to increases in football (soccer), running and women's training, partially offset by a decline in sportswear. unit sales increased 3% while average selling price per unit contributed approximately 4 percentage points of apparel revenue growth, driven primarily by lower discounts on off-price closeout sales compared to the prior year.
28
on a reported basis, ebit for fiscal 2014 grew at a faster rate than revenues as a result of a 150 basis point increase in gross margin and selling and administrative expense leverage. the gross margin increase was fueled by higher average selling prices, growth in our higher-margin dtc business, lower discounts and lower off-price mix, which more than offset unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher product input costs. selling and administrative expense was lower as a percent of revenue despite higher operating overhead costs to support growth in our dtc business and higher demand creation spending for sports marketing and support for key events, such as the world cup.
central & eastern europe
(dollars in millions)                        fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013          % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                      $827                  $763                8   %                         22                   %            $672               14      %                      15                   %
apparel                                        495                   532               -7   %                          5                   %             468               14      %                      17                   %
equipment                                       95                    92                3   %                         14                   %              89                3      %                       7                   %
total revenues                              $1,417                $1,387                2   %                         15                   %          $1,229               13      %                      15                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                $1,237                $1,245               -1   %                         11                   %          $1,126               11      %                      13                   %
sales direct to consumer                       180                   142               27   %                         48                   %             103               38      %                      45                   %
total revenues                              $1,417                $1,387                2   %                         15                   %          $1,229               13      %                      15                   %
earnings before interest and taxes            $247                  $279              -11   %                                                           $234               19      %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, central & eastern europe revenues for fiscal 2015 grew 15%, attributable to increases in most territories. turkey, one of our largest territories, grew 23% and our distributors business grew 18%, while revenues declined in israel, our smallest territory. on a category basis, revenue growth was driven by increases in most key categories, primarily sportswear and running. dtc revenues increased 48%, driven by strong comparable store sales growth of 28%, the addition of new stores and online sales growth.
the constant currency growth in footwear revenue in fiscal 2015 was driven by growth in nearly all key categories, most notably sportswear and running. unit sales of footwear increased 11% and increases in average selling price per pair contributed approximately 11 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was driven by price increases in response to inflationary conditions in certain territories, as well as shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
the constant currency growth in apparel revenue in fiscal 2015 resulted from growth in most key categories, led by sportswear and running, partially offset by a decline in football (soccer) due to comparison to strong sales related to the world cup in fiscal 2014. unit sales of apparel increased 1% and increases in average selling price per unit contributed approximately 4 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per unit was primarily due to price increases in response to inflationary conditions in certain territories.
on a reported basis, ebit declined 11% for fiscal 2015, primarily reflecting the impact of weakening foreign currency exchange rates. reported revenue increases and slight selling and administrative expense leverage were more than offset by lower gross margin. gross margin decreased 340 basis points as higher product costs and unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates were only partially offset by higher average selling prices. selling and administrative expense decreased as a percent of revenue despite increases in both demand creation and operating overhead. operating overhead increased primarily as a result of investments in our growing dtc business, while demand creation increased as a result of higher sports marketing costs.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
on a currency-neutral basis, central & eastern europe revenues for fiscal 2014 were driven by growth across nearly all territories, particularly russia, our largest territory, which grew 14%, and turkey, which grew 17%. revenue growth was driven by growth in nearly every key category, led by football (soccer) and running.
constant currency footwear revenue growth in fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in nearly all categories, most notably running and football (soccer). unit sales increased 11% while average selling price per pair contributed approximately 4 percentage points of footwear revenue growth, due primarily to price increases.
constant currency apparel revenue growth in fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in every key category, led by football (soccer) and running. unit sales increased 15%, while average selling price per unit contributed approximately 2 percentage points of apparel revenue growth, driven by price increases.
on a reported basis, ebit grew faster than revenues primarily due to gross margin improvement, partially offset by higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin increased 180 basis points, primarily driven by price increases, a shift in mix to higher-margin products, warehousing efficiencies and the favorable impact of our higher-margin dtc business, partially offset by unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates. selling and administrative expense increased as a result of higher demand creation expense to support key events as well as higher operating overhead to support overall growth, including our expanding dtc business.
29
greater china
(dollars in millions)                        fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013          % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                    $2,016                $1,600               26      %                      28                   %          $1,495                7      %                       5                   %
apparel                                        925                   876                6      %                       7                   %             844                4      %                       1                   %
equipment                                      126                   126                0      %                       1                   %             139               -9      %                     -11                   %
total revenues                              $3,067                $2,602               18      %                      19                   %          $2,478                5      %                       3                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                $2,233                $2,041                9      %                      11                   %          $2,079               -2      %                      -4                   %
sales direct to consumer                       834                   561               49      %                      51                   %             399               41      %                      38                   %
total revenues                              $3,067                $2,602               18      %                      19                   %          $2,478                5      %                       3                   %
earnings before interest and taxes            $993                  $816               22      %                                                        $813                0      %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, greater china revenue growth for fiscal 2015 was driven by higher revenues in our sportswear, running and basketball categories, partially offset by small declines in other categories. strong growth in dtc revenues reflected a 28% increase in comparable store sales, strong online sales growth and the addition of new stores.
constant currency footwear revenue growth in fiscal 2015 was driven by increased sales in our sportswear, running and basketball categories, partially offset by small declines in other categories. unit sales of footwear increased 20% for fiscal 2015 while increases in average selling price per pair contributed approximately 8 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was due primarily to an increase in the proportion of revenues from our higher-priced dtc business.
constant currency apparel revenue growth in fiscal 2015 was driven by increases in the sportswear, running and basketball categories, partially offset by decreases in other categories, primarily football (soccer) and men's training. for fiscal 2015, unit sales of apparel increased 8% while changes in average selling price per unit reduced apparel revenues by approximately 1 percentage point. the decline in average selling price per unit was due primarily to shifts in mix to lower-priced products, partially offset by increased revenues from our higher-priced dtc business.
on a reported basis, ebit increased 22% for fiscal 2015 as higher revenues and gross margin expansion more than offset higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin increased 270 basis points primarily due to higher average selling prices and an increase in the proportion of revenues from our higher-margin dtc business, partially offset by higher product costs. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead to support growth initiatives, primarily related to our dtc operations, as well as higher demand creation spending, primarily for sports marketing.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, greater china revenues increased 3% in fiscal 2014, primarily driven by strong growth in our dtc business, which represented 22% of total greater china revenues for fiscal 2014. the growth in dtc revenues reflected a 20% increase in comparable store sales, the addition of 30 net new stores, as well as online sales growth. the increase in dtc revenues more than offset a 4% decrease in sales in our wholesale business as we continued to manage the amount of product sold into the market and worked with our wholesale partners to optimize product mix for the consumer. on a category basis, higher revenues in our basketball, sportswear and running categories more than offset declines in men's training, action sports and women's training.
constant currency footwear revenue growth in fiscal 2014 was driven by increased sales in our basketball and sportswear categories, partially offset by declines in our men's training, running and action sports categories. unit sales for fiscal 2014 were flat compared to the prior year while average selling price per pair contributed approximately 5 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was driven by favorable revenue mix resulting from a higher percent of sales from our higher-priced dtc business, as well as shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
constant currency apparel revenue growth for fiscal 2014 was driven by increases in the running, sportswear and basketball categories, partially offset by decreases in men's training and women's training. apparel unit sales in fiscal 2014 were 1% higher while average selling price per unit was flat.
fiscal 2014 reported ebit was flat compared to the prior year as reported revenue and gross margin increases were offset by higher selling and administrative expense as a percent of sales. gross margin increased 150 basis points as higher average selling prices, growth in our higher-margin dtc business and improved margins on closeout sales more than offset higher product input costs and unfavorable product mix. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead costs driven by increased investments to support dtc growth and our new greater china headquarters in shanghai, as well as higher demand creation spending.
30
japan
(dollars in millions)                        fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013      % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                      $452                  $409               11   %                         23                   %            $439           -7   %                         11                   %
apparel                                        230                   276              -17   %                         -8                   %             337          -18   %                         -2                   %
equipment                                       73                    86              -15   %                         -6                   %             100          -14   %                          2                   %
total revenues                                $755                  $771               -2   %                          9                   %            $876          -12   %                          5                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers                  $536                  $597              -10   %                          0                   %            $700          -15   %                          1                   %
sales direct to consumer                       219                   174               26   %                         40                   %             176           -1   %                         18                   %
total revenues                                $755                  $771               -2   %                          9                   %            $876          -12   %                          5                   %
earnings before interest and taxes            $100                  $131              -24   %                                                           $139           -6   %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
constant currency revenues for japan increased 9% in fiscal 2015, driven primarily by increases in sportswear, basketball and running, partially offset by declines in men's training, golf and women's training. dtc revenues grew 40% in fiscal 2015 driven by a 20% increase in comparable store sales, strong online sales growth and the addition of new stores.
on a reported basis, fiscal 2015 ebit decreased 24% compared to the prior year period, reflecting the impact of the weaker yen. gross margin decreased 270 basis points as unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates and higher product costs more than offset higher average selling prices and an increase in the proportion of revenues from our higher-margin dtc business. selling and administrative expense increased as a percent of revenues as higher operating overhead, primarily to support our expanding dtc business, was only partially offset by a decrease in demand creation expense.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
on a currency-neutral basis, revenues increased 5% for japan, driven by higher revenues in sportswear, football (soccer) and basketball, partially offset by lower revenues in men's training and golf.
fiscal 2014 ebit decreased 6% as a 12% decline in reported revenues, due to the weaker yen, was only partially offset by higher gross margin and selling and administrative expense leverage. gross margin increased 20 basis points as higher average selling prices, favorable off-price mix and the favorable impact of higher-margin dtc revenues were mostly offset by unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates. the decrease in selling and administrative expense in fiscal 2014 was attributable to lower operating overhead and demand creation spending.
emerging markets
(dollars in millions)                       fiscal 2015           fiscal 2014          % change         % change excluding currency changes           fiscal 2013          % change         % change excluding currency changes revenues by:
footwear                                   $2,641                $2,642                0   %                          9                   %          $2,621                1   %                         10                   %
apparel                                     1,021                 1,061               -4   %                          5                   %             962               10   %                         21                   %
equipment                                     236                   246               -4   %                          5                   %             249               -1   %                          9                   %
total revenues                             $3,898                $3,949               -1   %                          8                   %          $3,832                3   %                         13                   %
revenues by:
sales to wholesale customers               $3,247                $3,483               -7   %                          2                   %          $3,443                1   %                         11                   %
sales direct to consumer                      651                   466               40   %                         51                   %             389               20   %                         28                   %
total revenues                             $3,898                $3,949               -1   %                          8                   %          $3,832                3   %                         13                   %
earnings before interestand taxes            $818                  $952              -14   %                                                           $985               -3   %
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
on a currency-neutral basis, fiscal 2015 revenues for emerging markets increased 8%, driven by growth in 7 of 9 territories. growth was led by one of our largest territories, soco (which includes argentina, uruguay and chile), which grew 28%, and our pacific territory (which includes australia and new zealand), which grew 26%. revenues in our mexico and brazil territories decreased 21% and 3%, respectively. the decrease in mexico was attributable to efforts to liquidate excess inventory in the marketplace largely resulting from an inconsistent flow of product to customers following distribution center transition issues in fiscal 2014, while the decrease in brazil was primarily due to challenging macroeconomic conditions and comparison to strong sales related to the world cup in fiscal 2014. on a category basis, revenues were higher in most key categories, led by sportswear, running and basketball, partially offset by a decline in football (soccer). dtc revenues increased 51% compared to fiscal 2014, driven by strong comparable store sales growth of 26%, the addition of new stores and online sales growth.
31
the constant currency growth in footwear revenue for fiscal 2015 was attributable to increases in several key categories, most notably sportswear, basketball, action sports and running. unit sales of footwear decreased 2% while average selling price per pair contributed approximately 11 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was primarily due to price increases in response to inflationary conditions in certain latin american countries, particularly argentina, as well as shifts in mix to higher-priced products and the favorable impact of growth in our higher-priced dtc business.
constant currency apparel revenue growth was due to increases in nearly all key categories, primarily sportswear, running and women's training, partially offset by a decline in football (soccer) revenues due to higher world cup sales in fiscal 2014. unit sales of apparel decreased 1% while average selling price per unit contributed approximately 6 percentage points of apparel revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per unit was primarily attributable to an increase in revenues from our higher-priced dtc business, and to a lesser extent, price increases in response to inflationary conditions.
on a reported basis, ebit decreased 14% primarily due to reported revenue declines, lower gross margin and higher selling and administrative expense, as well as the impact of weakening foreign currency exchange rates. gross margin decreased 140 basis points due to unfavorable standard foreign currency exchange rates, higher inventory obsolescence and higher off-price mix, partially offset by higher average selling prices. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead costs, primarily to support dtc growth, as well as higher demand creation expense, in part as a result of support for the world cup in early fiscal 2015 and higher sports marketing expense.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, fiscal 2014 revenues for emerging markets increased 13% as a result of growth across nearly every territory. our largest territory, brazil, grew 19%, while our soco territory grew 25%. mexico revenues decreased 3% largely as a result of shipping delays caused by issues with a distribution center transition in the first half of fiscal 2014. on a category basis, revenues were higher in nearly every category, led by football (soccer), running and sportswear.
constant currency footwear revenue growth for fiscal 2014 was driven by growth in nearly every key category, led by running, sportswear, football (soccer) and action sports. unit sales for fiscal 2014 increased 4% and average selling price per pair contributed approximately 6 percentage points of footwear revenue growth. the increase in average selling price per pair was primarily driven by price increases, in part reflecting inflationary conditions in certain latin american territories, and to a lesser extent, shifts in mix to higher-priced products.
constant currency apparel revenue increased driven by growth in every key category, most notably football (soccer) and running. unit sales increased 11% and average selling price per unit contributed approximately 10 percentage points of apparel revenue growth, primarily due to price increases, in part reflecting inflationary conditions in certain latin american territories.
fiscal 2014 reported ebit decreased primarily due to a decline in gross margin, higher selling and administrative expense and weaker currencies in a number of developing markets. gross margin decreased 30 basis points due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, higher product costs, higher warehousing costs related to distribution center transition challenges in mexico and higher discounts, which more than offset higher average selling prices. selling and administrative expense increased due to higher operating overhead costs to support the expansion of our dtc business and infrastructure investments to support growth, as well as increases in demand creation spending to support the world cup and key product launches.
global brand divisions
(dollars in millions)              fiscal 2015       fiscal 2014              % change   % change excluding currency changes     fiscal 2013              % change      % change excluding currency changes revenues                           $115              $125                    -8      %   -2                  %                   $115                     9      %   6                      %
(loss) before interest and taxes   $(2,263     )     $(1,993     )     14            %                                           $(1,716     )           16      %
global brand divisions primarily represent demand creation, operating overhead and product creation and design expenses that are centrally managed for the nike brand. revenues for global brand divisions are primarily attributable to nike brand licensing businesses that are not part of a geographic operating segment.
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
global brand divisions' loss before interest and taxes increased $270 million in fiscal 2015, primarily due to higher operating overhead reflecting continued investments in operational infrastructure, including digital capabilities, consumer engagement and supply chain initiatives, as well as higher performance-based compensation. demand creation expense increased slightly due to support for the world cup in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 and key brand and consumer events.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
for fiscal 2014, global brand divisions' loss before interest and taxes increased $277 million, primarily driven by an increase in centrally managed product costs, increased investments in our digital infrastructure, as well as higher demand creation spending in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 to support the world cup and product creation and design initiatives.
32
converse
(dollars in millions)                    fiscal 2015       fiscal 2014          % change       % change excluding currency changes         fiscal 2013          % change       % change excluding currency changes revenues                                $1,982            $1,684               18      %   21                      %                      $1,449               16      %   15                      %
earnings before interest and taxes        $517              $496                4      %                                                    $425               17      %
in territories we define as "direct distribution markets" converse designs, markets and sells products directly to distributors, wholesale customers and to consumers through dtc operations. the largest direct distribution markets are the united states, the united kingdom and china. converse does not own the converse trademarks in japan. territories other than direct distribution markets and japan are serviced by third-party licensees who pay royalties to converse for the use of its registered trademarks and other intellectual property rights.
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, revenues for converse increased 21% for fiscal 2015. comparable direct distribution markets (i.e., markets served under a direct distribution model for comparable periods in the current and prior fiscal years) grew 14%, contributing 12 percentage points of total revenue growth for fiscal 2015. comparable direct distribution market unit sales increased 12% and average selling price per unit contributed approximately 2 percentage points of converse comparable direct distribution market revenue growth. the united states market was the most significant contributor to the growth of comparable direct distribution markets due to volume increases with key wholesale customers and expansion of our dtc business. conversion of markets from licensed to direct distribution contributed 8 percentage points of total converse revenue growth for fiscal 2015, driven by conversion of several european markets, most significantly ags (austria, germany and switzerland). revenues from comparable licensed markets increased 8% for fiscal 2015, contributing 1 percentage point of total converse revenue growth.
ebit for converse increased 4% for fiscal 2015 as strong revenue growth was partially offset by lower gross margin and higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin decreased 60 basis points primarily due to transitions of licensed markets to direct distribution markets. selling and administrative expense increased for fiscal 2015, primarily due to higher operating overhead costs resulting from investments in infrastructure to support current and future growth, including market transitions, new systems and new headquarters, as well as higher intellectual property enforcement costs.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
excluding changes in currency exchange rates, revenues for converse increased 15% for fiscal 2014. comparable direct distribution markets grew 13%, contributing 10 percentage points of total revenue growth for fiscal 2014, primarily due to strength in our united states, china and united kingdom markets. comparable direct distribution market unit sales increased 12% and average selling price per unit contributed approximately 1 percentage point of converse comparable direct distribution market revenue growth. conversion of markets from licensed to direct distribution contributed 4 percentage points of total converse revenue growth for fiscal 2014. revenues from comparable licensed markets increased 8% for fiscal 2014, contributing 1 percentage point of total converse revenue growth.
on a reported basis, ebit at converse grew 17% for fiscal 2014 as higher revenues and gross margin were partially offset by higher selling and administrative expense. gross margin increased 80 basis points, primarily due to growth in higher-margin territories and products within our direct distribution markets. selling and administrative expense grew faster than revenue for fiscal 2014 due to higher operating overhead to support growth initiatives and dtc expansion, as well as higher demand creation spending.
corporate
(dollars in millions)              fiscal 2015       fiscal 2014          % change      fiscal 2013           % change revenues                           $(82        )     $3                   -             $(17        )         -
(loss) before interest and taxes   $(1,101     )     $(1,036     )     6         %      $(909       )     14         %
corporate revenues primarily consist of foreign currency hedge gains and losses related to revenues generated by entities within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse but managed through our central foreign exchange risk management program.
the corporate loss before interest and taxes consists largely of unallocated general and administrative expenses, including expenses associated with centrally managed departments; depreciation and amortization related to our corporate headquarters; unallocated insurance, benefit and compensation programs, including stock-based compensation; and certain foreign currency gains and losses.
in addition to the foreign currency gains and losses recognized in corporate revenues, foreign currency results in corporate include gains and losses resulting from the difference between actual foreign currency rates and standard rates used to record non-functional currency denominated product purchases within the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse; related foreign currency hedge results; conversion gains and losses arising from re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities in non-functional currencies; and certain other foreign currency derivative instruments.
33
fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
for fiscal 2015, corporate's loss before interest and taxes increased $65 million primarily due to the following:
•   a $211 million increase in corporate overhead expense related to corporate initiatives to support growth of the business as well as performance-based compensation;
•   a $144 million beneficial change from net foreign currency losses to net foreign currency gains, reported as a component of other (income) expense, net; and
•   an approximate $2 million increase in foreign exchange losses related to the difference between actual foreign currency exchange rates and standard foreign currency exchange rates assigned to the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, net of hedge gains; these losses are reported as a component of consolidated gross margin.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
for fiscal 2014, corporate's loss before interest and taxes increased by $127 million primarily due to the following:
•   a $101 million increase in corporate overhead expense related to corporate initiatives to support the growth of the business as well as performance-based compensation;
•   a $90 million increase in net foreign currency losses, reported as a component of other (income) expense, net; and
•   a $56 million decrease in foreign exchange losses related to the difference between actual foreign currency exchange rates and standard foreign currency exchange rates assigned to the nike brand geographic operating segments and converse, net of hedge gains; these losses are reported as a component of consolidated gross margin.
foreign currency exposures and hedging practices overview as a global company with significant operations outside the united states, in the normal course of business we are exposed to risk arising from changes in currency exchange rates. our primary foreign currency exposures arise from the recording of transactions denominated in non-functional currencies and the translation of foreign currency denominated results of operations, financial position and cash flows into u.s. dollars.
our foreign exchange risk management program is intended to lessen both the positive and negative effects of currency fluctuations on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we manage global foreign exchange risk centrally on a portfolio basis to address those risks that are material to nike, inc. we manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations that exist within the portfolio and, where practical and material, by hedging a portion of the remaining exposures using derivative instruments such as forward contracts and options. as described below, the implementation of the nike trading company ("ntc") and our foreign currency adjustment program enhanced our ability to manage our foreign exchange risk by increasing the natural offsets and currency correlation benefits that exist within our portfolio of foreign exchange exposures. our hedging policy is designed to partially or entirely offset the impact of exchange rate changes on the underlying net exposures being hedged. where exposures are hedged, our program has the effect of delaying the impact of exchange rate movements on our consolidated financial statements; the length of the delay is dependent upon hedge horizons. we do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
transactional exposures we conduct business in various currencies and have transactions which subject us to foreign currency risk. our most significant transactional foreign currency exposures are:
•   product costs - nike's product costs are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currencies in the following ways:
1.   product purchases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the transacting entity:
a.   certain nike entities, including those supporting our north america, greater china, japan and european geographies, purchase product from the ntc, a wholly-owned sourcing hub that buys nike branded products from third-party factories, predominantly in u.s. dollars. the ntc, whose functional currency is the u.s. dollar, then sells the products to nike entities in their respective functional currencies. when the ntc sells to a nike entity with a different functional currency, the result is a foreign currency exposure for the ntc.
b.   other nike entities purchase product directly from third-party factories in u.s. dollars. these purchases generate a foreign currency exposure for those nike entities with a functional currency other than the u.s. dollar.
in both purchasing scenarios, a weaker u.s. dollar decreases the inventory cost incurred by nike whereas a stronger u.s. dollar increases its cost.
34
2.   factory input costs: nike operates a foreign currency adjustment program with certain factories. the program is designed to more effectively manage foreign currency risk by assuming certain of the factories' foreign currency exposures, some of which are natural offsets to our existing foreign currency exposures. under this program, our payments to these factories are adjusted for rate fluctuations in the basket of currencies ("factory currency exposure index") in which the labor, materials and overhead costs incurred by the factories in the production of nike branded products ("factory input costs") are denominated.
for the currency within the factory currency exposure indices that is the local or functional currency of the factory, the currency rate fluctuation affecting the product cost is recorded within inventories and is recognized in cost of sales when the related product is sold to a third-party. all currencies within the indices, excluding the u.s. dollar and the local or functional currency of the factory, are recognized as embedded derivative contracts and are recorded at fair value through other (income) expense, net. refer to note 17 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
as an offset to the impacts of the fluctuating u.s. dollar on our non-functional currency denominated product purchases described above, a strengthening u.s. dollar against the foreign currencies within the factory currency exposure indices decreases nike's u.s. dollar inventory cost. conversely, a weakening u.s. dollar against the indexed foreign currencies increases our inventory cost.
•   non-functional currency denominated external sales - a portion of our western europe and central &amp; eastern europe geography revenues, as well as a portion of our converse european operations revenues, are earned in currencies other than the euro (e.g. the british pound) but are recognized at a subsidiary that uses the euro as its functional currency. these sales generate a foreign currency exposure.
•   other costs - non-functional currency denominated costs, such as endorsement contracts, also generate foreign currency risk, though to a lesser extent. in certain cases, the company has also entered into other contractual agreements which have payments that are indexed to foreign currencies and create embedded derivative contracts that are recorded at fair value through other (income) expense, net. refer to note 17 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
•   non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities - our global subsidiaries have various assets and liabilities, primarily receivables and payables, including intercompany receivables and payables, denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies. these balance sheet items are subject to re-measurement which may create fluctuations in other (income) expense, net within our consolidated results of operations.
managing transactional exposures transactional exposures are managed on a portfolio basis within our foreign currency risk management program. we manage these exposures by taking advantage of natural offsets and currency correlations that exist within the portfolio and may also elect to use currency forward and option contracts to hedge a portion of the remaining effect of exchange rate fluctuations on probable forecasted future cash flows, including certain product cost purchase exposures, non-functional currency denominated external sales and other costs described above. generally, these are accounted for as cash flow hedges in accordance with the accounting standards for derivatives and hedging, except for hedges of the embedded derivatives component of the product cost exposures as discussed below.
certain currency forward contracts used to manage the foreign exchange exposure of non-functional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities subject to re-measurement and the embedded derivative contracts discussed above are not formally designated as hedging instruments under the accounting standards for derivatives and hedging. accordingly, changes in fair value of these instruments are immediately recognized in other (income) expense, net and are intended to offset the foreign currency impact of the re-measurement of the related non-functional currency denominated asset or liability or the embedded derivative contract being hedged.
refer to note 6 - fair value measurements and note 17 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional description of how the above financial instruments are valued and recorded as well as the fair value of outstanding derivatives at each reported period end.
translational exposures many of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in currency exchange rates create volatility in our reported results as we are required to translate the balance sheets, operational results and cash flows of these subsidiaries into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting. the translation of foreign subsidiaries' non-u.s. dollar denominated balance sheets into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment to other comprehensive income within the consolidated statements of shareholders' equity. in the translation of our consolidated statements of income, a weaker u.s. dollar in relation to foreign functional currencies benefits our consolidated earnings whereas a stronger u.s. dollar reduces our consolidated earnings. the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our consolidated revenues was a detriment of approximately $1,171 million and $288 million for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our income before income taxes was a detriment of approximately $221 million and $49 million for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
managing translational exposures to minimize the impact of translating foreign currency denominated revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting, certain foreign subsidiaries use excess cash to purchase u.s. dollar denominated available-for-sale investments. the variable future cash flows associated with the purchase and subsequent sale of these u.s. dollar denominated securities at non-u.s. dollar functional currency subsidiaries creates a foreign currency exposure that qualifies for hedge accounting under the accounting standards for derivatives and hedging. we utilize forward contracts and/or options to mitigate the variability of the forecasted future purchases and sales of these u.s. dollar investments. the combination of the purchase and sale of the u.s. dollar investment and the hedging instrument has the effect of partially offsetting the year-over-year foreign currency translation impact on net earnings in the period the investments are sold. hedges of available-for-sale investments are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
35
refer to note 6 - fair value measurements and note 17 - risk management and derivatives in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional description of how the above financial instruments are valued and recorded as well as the fair value of outstanding derivatives at each reported period end.
we estimate the combination of translation of foreign currency-denominated profits from our international businesses and the year-over-year change in foreign currency related gains and losses included in other (income) expense, net had an unfavorable impact of approximately $73 million and $139 million on our income before income taxes for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
net investments in foreign subsidiaries we are also exposed to the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our investments in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar, which could adversely impact the u.s. dollar value of these investments and therefore the value of future repatriated earnings. we have, in the past, hedged and may, in the future, hedge net investment positions in certain foreign subsidiaries to mitigate the effects of foreign exchange fluctuations on these net investments. these hedges are accounted for in accordance with the accounting standards for net investment hedges. there were no outstanding net investment hedges as of may 31, 2015 and 2014. there were no cash flows from net investment hedge settlements for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow activity cash provided by operations was $4,680 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $3,013 million for fiscal 2014. our primary source of operating cash flow for fiscal 2015 was net income of $3,273 million. our fiscal 2015 change in working capital was a net cash inflow of $256 million as compared to a net cash outflow of $488 million for fiscal 2014. our investments in working capital decreased due to increases in accrued liabilities, primarily resulting from the receipt of $968 million of cash collateral from counterparties as a result of hedging activity. these amounts were partially offset by higher inventory levels resulting from business growth and west coast port delays in north america, as well as lower income taxes payable as a result of tax payments made in fiscal 2015 following the u.s. unilateral advance pricing agreement reached with the irs in fiscal 2014.
cash used by investing activities was $175 million for fiscal 2015, compared to a $1,207 million use of cash for fiscal 2014. the primary driver of the decrease in cash used by investing activities was the net change in short-term investments (including sales, maturities and purchases) from net purchases to net sales/maturities. in fiscal 2015, there were $935 million of net sales/maturities compared to $328 million of net purchases of short-term investments in the same period of fiscal 2014. additions to property, plant and equipment were $963 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to $880 million in fiscal 2014. the increase in additions to property, plant and equipment resulted from continued investments in infrastructure to support current and future growth, primarily relating to expansion of our dtc operations as well as supply chain and corporate initiatives.
in fiscal 2016, we plan to continue investing in our infrastructure to support future growth, as well as expand our digital capabilities. we anticipate investing approximately 4% of revenue, a portion of which will be used for the continued expansion of our corporate facilities, new dtc stores and digital capabilities.
cash used by financing activities was $2,790 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $2,914 million for fiscal 2014, a decrease of $124 million, as increased dividends were more than offset by an increase in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements.
in fiscal 2015, we purchased 29.0 million shares of nike's class b common stock for $2,534 million, an average price of $87.37. during fiscal 2013, we completed the four-year, $5 billion share repurchase program approved by our board of directors in september 2008. under that program, we purchased a total of 118.8 million shares at an average price of $42.08. subsequently, we began repurchases under a four-year, $8 billion program approved by the board in september 2012. as of the end of fiscal 2015, we had repurchased 80.9 million shares at an average price of $73.55 for a total cost of $5,950 million under this current program. we continue to expect funding of share repurchases will come from operating cash flow, excess cash and/or debt. the timing and the amount of shares purchased will be dictated by our capital needs and stock market conditions.
capital resources on april 23, 2013, we filed a shelf registration statement (the "shelf") with the sec which permits us to issue an unlimited amount of debt securities. the shelf expires on april 23, 2016. on april 23, 2013, we issued $1.0 billion of senior notes with tranches maturing in 2023 and 2043. the 2023 senior notes were issued in an initial aggregate principal amount of $500 million at a 2.25% fixed, annual interest rate and will mature on may 1, 2023. the 2043 senior notes were issued in an initial aggregate principal amount of $500 million at a 3.625% fixed, annual interest rate and will mature on may 1, 2043. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually on may 1 and november 1 of each year. the issuance resulted in gross proceeds before expenses of $998 million.
on november 1, 2011, we entered into a committed credit facility agreement with a syndicate of banks which provides for up to $1 billion of borrowings with the option to increase borrowings to $1.5 billion with lender approval. the facility matures november 1, 2017. as of and for the periods ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no amounts outstanding under our committed credit facility.
we currently have long-term debt ratings of aa- and a1 from standard and poor's corporation and moody's investor services, respectively. if our long-term debt ratings were to decline, the facility fee and interest rate under our committed credit facility would increase. conversely, if our long-term debt rating were to improve, the facility fee and interest rate would decrease. changes in our long-term debt rating would not trigger acceleration of maturity of any then-outstanding borrowings or any future borrowings under the committed credit facility. under this committed revolving credit facility, we have agreed to various covenants. these covenants include limits on our disposal of fixed assets, the amount of debt secured by liens we may incur, as well as a minimum capitalization ratio. in the event we were to have any borrowings outstanding under this facility and failed to meet any covenant, and were unable to obtain a waiver from a majority of the banks in the syndicate, any borrowings would become immediately due and payable. as of may 31, 2015, we were in full compliance with each of these covenants and believe it is unlikely we will fail to meet any of these covenants in the foreseeable future.
36
liquidity is also provided by our $1 billion commercial paper program. during the year ended may 31, 2015, we did not issue commercial paper, and as of may 31, 2015, there were no outstanding borrowings under this program. we may issue commercial paper or other debt securities during fiscal 2016 depending on general corporate needs. we currently have short-term debt ratings of a1+ and p1 from standard and poor's corporation and moody's investor services, respectively.
as of may 31, 2015, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling $5.9 billion, of which $4.2 billion was held by our foreign subsidiaries. included in cash and equivalents as of may 31, 2015 was $968 million of cash collateral received from counterparties as a result of hedging activity. cash equivalents and short-term investments consist primarily of deposits held at major banks, money market funds, commercial paper, corporate notes, u.s. treasury obligations, u.s. government sponsored enterprise obligations and other investment grade fixed income securities. our fixed income investments are exposed to both credit and interest rate risk. all of our investments are investment grade to minimize our credit risk. while individual securities have varying durations, as of may 31, 2015 the weighted average remaining duration of our short-term investments and cash equivalents portfolio was 79 days.
to date we have not experienced difficulty accessing the credit markets or incurred higher interest costs. future volatility in the capital markets, however, may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments or affect our ability to access those markets. we believe that existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described above, will be sufficient to meet our domestic and foreign capital needs in the foreseeable future.
we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. we routinely repatriate a portion of our foreign earnings for which u.s. taxes have previously been provided. we also indefinitely reinvest a significant portion of our foreign earnings, and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these earnings. should we require additional capital in the united states, we may elect to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds or raise capital in the united states through debt. if we were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds, we would be required to accrue and pay additional u.s. taxes less applicable foreign tax credits. if we elect to raise capital in the united states through debt, we would incur additional interest expense.
off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with various contracts and agreements, we routinely provide indemnification relating to the enforceability of intellectual property rights, coverage for legal issues that arise and other items where we are acting as the guarantor. currently, we have several such agreements in place. however, based on our historical experience and the estimated probability of future loss, we have determined that the fair value of such indemnification is not material to our financial position or results of operations.
contractual obligations our significant long-term contractual obligations as of may 31, 2015 and significant endorsement contracts, including related marketing commitments, entered into through the date of this report are as follows:
description of commitment                                                                                                  cash payments due during the year ending may 31,
(in millions)                                  2016                2017                2018                2019              2020            thereafter               total operating leases                           $447                $423                $371                $311              $268              $1,154                $2,974
capital leases                                2                   2                   1                   -                 -                   -                     5
long-term debt(1)                           142                  77                  55                  36                36               1,451                 1,797
endorsement contracts(2)                  1,009                 919                 882                 706               533               2,143                 6,192
product purchase obligations(3)           3,735                   -                   -                   -                 -                   -                 3,735
other(4)                                    343                 152                  75                  72                36       92                              770
total                                    $5,678              $1,573              $1,384              $1,125              $873              $4,840               $15,473
(1)   the cash payments due for long-term debt include estimated interest payments. estimates of interest payments are based on outstanding principal amounts, applicable fixed interest rates or currently effective interest rates as of may 31, 2015 (if variable), timing of scheduled payments and the term of the debt obligations.
(2)   the amounts listed for endorsement contracts represent approximate amounts of base compensation and minimum guaranteed royalty fees we are obligated to pay athlete, sport team and league endorsers of our products. actual payments under some contracts may be higher than the amounts listed as these contracts provide for bonuses to be paid to the endorsers based upon athletic achievements and/or royalties on product sales in future periods. actual payments under some contracts may also be lower as these contracts include provisions for reduced payments if athletic performance declines in future periods.
in addition to the cash payments, we are obligated to furnish our endorsers with nike product for their use. it is not possible to determine how much we will spend on this product on an annual basis as the contracts generally do not stipulate a specific amount of cash to be spent on the product. the amount of product provided to the endorsers will depend on many factors, including general playing conditions, the number of sporting events in which they participate and our own decisions regarding product and marketing initiatives. in addition, the costs to design, develop, source and purchase the products furnished to the endorsers are incurred over a period of time and are not necessarily tracked separately from similar costs incurred for products sold to customers.
(3)   we generally order product at least four to five months in advance of sale based primarily on futures orders received from customers. the amounts listed for product purchase obligations represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase products in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. in some cases, prices are subject to change throughout the production process. the reported amounts exclude product purchase liabilities included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet as of may 31, 2015.
(4)   other amounts primarily include service and marketing commitments, including marketing commitments associated with endorsement contracts, made in the ordinary course of business. the amounts represent the minimum payments required by legally binding contracts and agreements that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders for non-product purchases. the reported amounts exclude those liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of may 31, 2015.
37
the total liability for uncertain tax positions was $438 million, excluding related interest and penalties, at may 31, 2015. we are not able to reasonably estimate when or if cash payments of the long-term liability for uncertain tax positions will occur.
we also have the following outstanding short-term debt obligations as of may 31, 2015. refer to note 7 - short-term borrowings and credit lines in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further description and interest rates related to the short-term debt obligations listed below.
(in millions)                                                                                                                        outstanding as of may 31, 2015
notes payable, due at mutually agreed-upon dates within one year of issuance or on demand                                                          $74
payable to sojitz america for the purchase of inventories, generally due 60 days after shipment of goods from a foreign port                        78
as of may 31, 2015, the company had letters of credit outstanding totaling $165 million. these letters of credit were issued primarily for the purchase of inventory and as guarantees of the company's performance under certain self-insurance and other programs.
recently adopted accounting standards in july 2013, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued an accounting standards update intended to provide guidance on the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits, reflecting the manner in which an entity would settle, at the reporting date, any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position when net operating loss carryforwards, similar tax losses or tax credit carryforwards exist. this accounting standard was effective for us beginning june 1, 2014 and early adoption was permitted. we early adopted this guidance and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
in july 2012, the fasb issued an accounting standards update intended to simplify how an entity tests indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment by providing entities with an option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. this accounting standard update was effective for us beginning june 1, 2013. the adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
in december 2011, the fasb issued guidance enhancing disclosure requirements surrounding the nature of an entity's right to offset and related arrangements associated with its financial instruments and derivative instruments. this new guidance requires companies to disclose both gross and net information about instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to master netting arrangements. this new guidance was effective for us beginning june 1, 2013. as this guidance only requires expanded disclosures, the adoption had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
recently issued accounting standards in may 2014, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that replaces existing revenue recognition guidance. the updated guidance requires companies to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, the new standard requires that reporting companies disclose the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. based on the fasb's decision in july 2015 to defer the effective date and to allow more flexibility with implementation, we anticipate the new standard will be effective for us beginning june 1, 2018. the new standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying it recognized at the date of initial application. we have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the effect the guidance will have on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
critical accounting policies our previous discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
we believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in the accounting policies described below have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies. because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results could differ from the estimates we use in applying the critical accounting policies. certain of these critical accounting policies affect working capital account balances, including the policies for revenue recognition, the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventory reserves and contingent payments under endorsement contracts. these policies require that we make estimates in the preparation of our financial statements as of a given date. however, since our business cycle is relatively short, actual results related to these estimates are generally known within the six-month period following the financial statement date. thus, these policies generally affect only the timing of reported amounts across two to three fiscal quarters.
within the context of these critical accounting policies, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in materially different amounts being reported.
revenue recognition we record wholesale revenues when title passes and the risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer, based on the terms of sale. title passes generally upon shipment or upon receipt by the customer depending on the country of the sale and the agreement with the customer. retail store revenues are recorded at the time of sale and online store revenues are recorded upon delivery to the customer.
38
in some instances, we ship product directly from our supplier to the customer and recognize revenue when the product is delivered to and accepted by the customer. our revenues may fluctuate in cases when our customers delay accepting shipment of product for periods of up to several weeks.
in certain countries outside of the united states, precise information regarding the date of receipt by the customer is not readily available. in these cases, we estimate the date of receipt by the customer based upon historical delivery times by geographic location. on the basis of our tests of actual transactions, we have no indication that these estimates have been materially inaccurate historically.
as part of our revenue recognition policy, we record estimated sales returns, discounts and miscellaneous claims from customers as reductions to revenues at the time revenues are recorded. our post invoice sales discounts consist of contractual programs with certain customers or discretionary discounts that are expected to be granted to certain customers at a later date. we base our estimates on historical rates of product returns, discounts and claims, specific identification of outstanding claims and outstanding returns not yet received from customers and estimated returns, discounts and claims expected but not yet finalized with our customers. actual returns, discounts and claims in any future period are inherently uncertain and thus may differ from our estimates. if actual or expected future returns, discounts and claims were significantly greater or lower than the reserves we had established, we would record a reduction or increase to net revenues in the period in which we made such determination.
allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable we make ongoing estimates relating to the ability to collect our accounts receivable and maintain an allowance for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. in determining the amount of the allowance, we consider our historical level of credit losses and make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. since we cannot predict future changes in the financial stability of our customers, actual future losses from uncollectible accounts may differ from our estimates. if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, a larger allowance might be required. in the event we determine that a smaller or larger allowance is appropriate, we would record a credit or a charge to operating overhead expense in the period in which such a determination is made.
inventory reserves we also make ongoing estimates relating to the net realizable value of inventories based upon our assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if we estimate that the net realizable value of our inventory is less than the cost of the inventory recorded on our books, we record a reserve equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value. this reserve is recorded as a charge to cost of sales. if changes in market conditions result in reductions in the estimated net realizable value of our inventory below our previous estimate, we would increase our reserve in the period in which we made such a determination and record a charge to cost of sales.
contingent payments under endorsement contracts a significant portion of our demand creation expense relates to payments under endorsement contracts. in general, endorsement payments are expensed uniformly over the term of the contract. however, certain contract elements may be accounted for differently, based upon the facts and circumstances of each individual contract.
certain contracts provide for contingent payments to endorsers based upon specific achievements in their sports (e.g., winning a championship). we record demand creation expense for these amounts when the endorser achieves the specific goal.
certain contracts provide for variable payments based upon endorsers maintaining a level of performance in their sport over an extended period of time (e.g., maintaining a specified ranking in a sport for a year). when we determine payments are probable, the amounts are recorded in demand creation expense ratably over the contract period based on our best estimate of the endorser's performance. in these instances, to the extent that actual payments to the endorser differ from our estimate due to changes in the endorser's performance, increased or decreased demand creation expense may be recorded in a future period.
certain contracts provide for royalty payments to endorsers based upon a predetermined percent of sales of particular products. we expense these payments in cost of sales as the related sales occur. in certain contracts, we offer minimum guaranteed royalty payments. for contracts for which we estimate we will not meet the minimum guaranteed amount of royalty fees through sales of product, we record the amount of the guaranteed payment in excess of that earned through sales of product in demand creation expense uniformly over the guarantee period.
property, plant and equipment and definite-lived assets property, plant and equipment, including buildings, equipment and computer hardware and software are recorded at cost (including, in some cases, the cost of internal labor) and are depreciated over the estimated useful life. changes in circumstances (such as technological advances or changes to our business operations) can result in differences between the actual and estimated useful lives. in those cases where we determine that the useful life of a long-lived asset should be shortened, we increase depreciation expense over the remaining useful life to depreciate the asset's net book value to its salvage value.
we review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. if such facts indicate a potential impairment, we would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. if the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies that would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset group's carrying amount and its estimated fair value.
39
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we perform annual impairment tests on goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or an intangible asset with an indefinite life below its carrying value. events or changes in circumstances that may trigger interim impairment reviews include significant changes in business climate, operating results, planned investments in the reporting unit, planned divestitures or an expectation that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, among other factors. we may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. the two-step impairment test requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the goodwill of that reporting unit is potentially impaired and we proceed to step two of the impairment analysis. in step two of the analysis, we measure and record an impairment loss equal to the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill over its implied fair value, if any.
we generally base our measurement of the fair value of a reporting unit on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and the market valuation approach. the discounted cash flows model indicates the fair value of the reporting unit based on the present value of the cash flows that we expect the reporting unit to generate in the future. our significant estimates in the discounted cash flows model include: our weighted average cost of capital; long-term rate of growth and profitability of the reporting unit's business; and working capital effects. the market valuation approach indicates the fair value of the business based on a comparison of the reporting unit to comparable publicly traded companies in similar lines of business. significant estimates in the market valuation approach model include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment, and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit.
indefinite-lived intangible assets primarily consist of acquired trade names and trademarks. we may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if, after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired, no quantitative fair value measurement is necessary. if a quantitative fair value measurement calculation is required for these intangible assets, we utilize the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that trade names and trademarks have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenue for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted average cost of capital.
fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, fair value is the price we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction with a market participant at the measurement date. in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair values of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, including u.s. treasury securities.
in the absence of active markets for identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments such as time deposits, commercial paper and bonds, u.s. agency securities and money market funds.
level 3 investments are valued using internally developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our available-for-sale securities are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs without applying significant adjustments in their pricing. observable inputs include broker quotes, interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, volatilities and credit risks. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include a comparison to another independent pricing vendor.
hedge accounting for derivatives we use derivative contracts to hedge certain anticipated foreign currency and interest rate transactions as well as certain non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities. when the specific criteria to qualify for hedge accounting has been met, changes in the fair value of contracts hedging probable forecasted future cash flows are recorded in other comprehensive income, rather than net income, until the underlying hedged transaction affects net income. in most cases, this results in gains and losses on hedge derivatives being released from other comprehensive income into net income sometime after the maturity of the derivative. one of the criteria for this accounting treatment is that the notional value of these derivative contracts should not be in excess of specifically identified anticipated transactions. by their very nature, our estimates of anticipated transactions may fluctuate over time and may ultimately vary from actual transactions. when anticipated transaction estimates or actual transaction amounts decline below hedged levels, or if it is no longer probable that a forecasted transaction will occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter, we are required to reclassify the cumulative change in fair value of the over-hedged portion of the related hedge contract from other comprehensive income to other (income) expense, net during the quarter in which the decrease occurs.
we have, in the past, used and may, in the future use, forward contracts or options to hedge our investment in the net assets of certain international subsidiaries to offset foreign currency translation related to our net investment in those subsidiaries. the change in fair value of the forward contracts or options hedging our net investments is reported in the cumulative translation adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive income within total shareholders' equity, to the extent effective, to offset the foreign currency translation adjustments on those investments. as the value of our underlying net investments in wholly-owned international subsidiaries is known at the time a hedge is placed, the designated hedge is matched to the portion of our net investment at risk. accordingly, the variability involved in net investment hedges is substantially less than that of other types of hedge transactions and we do not expect any material ineffectiveness. we consider, on a quarterly basis, the need to redesignate existing hedge relationships based on changes in the underlying net investment. should the level of our net investment decrease below hedged levels, the cumulative change in fair value of the over-hedged portion of the related hedge contract would be reported as other (income) expense, net during the period in which changes occur.
40
stock-based compensation we account for stock-based compensation by estimating the fair value of stock-based compensation on the date of grant using the black-scholes option pricing model. the black-scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions including volatility. expected volatility is estimated based on implied volatility in market traded options on our common stock with a term greater than one year, along with other factors. our decision to use implied volatility was based on the availability of actively traded options on our common stock and our assessment that implied volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. if factors change and we use different assumptions for estimating stock-based compensation expense in future periods, stock-based compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period.
income taxes we record valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets, when necessary. realization of deferred tax assets (such as net operating loss carry-forwards) is dependent on future taxable earnings and is therefore uncertain. at least quarterly, we assess the likelihood that our deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance against our net deferred tax asset, which increases our income tax expense in the period when such determination is made.
in addition, we have not recorded u.s. income tax expense for foreign earnings that we have determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states, thus reducing our overall income tax expense. the amount of earnings designated as indefinitely reinvested offshore is based upon the actual deployment of such earnings in our offshore assets and our expectations of the future cash needs of our u.s. and foreign entities. income tax considerations are also a factor in determining the amount of foreign earnings to be indefinitely reinvested offshore.
we carefully review all factors that drive the ultimate disposition of foreign earnings determined to be reinvested offshore and apply stringent standards to overcome the presumption of repatriation. despite this approach, because the determination involves our future plans and expectations of future events, the possibility exists that amounts declared as indefinitely reinvested offshore may ultimately be repatriated. for instance, the actual cash needs of our u.s. entities may exceed our current expectations, or the actual cash needs of our foreign entities may be less than our current expectations. this would result in additional income tax expense in the year we determined that amounts were no longer indefinitely reinvested offshore. conversely, our approach may also result in a determination that accumulated foreign earnings (for which u.s. income taxes have been provided) will be indefinitely reinvested offshore. in this case, our income tax expense would be reduced in the year of such determination.
on an interim basis, we estimate what our effective tax rate will be for the full fiscal year. this estimated annual effective tax rate is then applied to the year-to-date income before income taxes excluding infrequently occurring or unusual items, to determine the year-to-date income tax expense. the income tax effects of infrequent or unusual items are recognized in the interim period in which they occur. as the fiscal year progresses, we continually refine our estimate based upon actual events and earnings by jurisdiction during the year. this continual estimation process periodically results in a change to our expected effective tax rate for the fiscal year. when this occurs, we adjust the income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs.
on a quarterly basis, we evaluate the probability that a tax position will be effectively sustained and the appropriateness of the amount recognized for uncertain tax positions based on factors including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, settled audit issues and new audit activity. changes in our assessment may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period our assessment changes. we recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
other contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings regarding contractual and employment relationships, product liability claims, trademark rights and a variety of other matters. we record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us, including related legal costs, when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. assessing probability of loss and estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, including in some cases judgments about the potential actions of third-party claimants and courts. recorded contingent liabilities are based on the best information available and actual losses in any future period are inherently uncertain. if future adjustments to estimated probable future losses or actual losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we would record additional charges during the period in which the actual loss or change in estimate occurred. in addition to contingent liabilities recorded for probable losses, we disclose contingent liabilities when there is a reasonable possibility that the ultimate loss will materially exceed the recorded liability. while we cannot predict the outcome of pending legal matters with certainty, we do not believe any currently identified claim, proceeding, or litigation, either individually or in aggregate, will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
41