item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating t-mobile. our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, as well as the price of our common stock and other securities, could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks.
risks related to our business and the wireless industry the scarcity and cost of additional wireless spectrum, and regulations relating to spectrum use, may adversely affect our business strategy and financial planning.
we will need to acquire additional spectrum in order to continue our customer growth, expand into new metropolitan areas, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands and deploy new technologies. we will be at a competitive disadvantage and possibly experience erosion in the quality of service in certain markets if we fail to gain access to necessary spectrum before reaching capacity, especially low band spectrum.
the continued interest in, and aggregation of, spectrum may reduce our ability to acquire spectrum from other carriers or otherwise negatively impact our ability to gain access to spectrum through other means. as a result, we may need to acquire spectrum through government auctions and/or enter into spectrum sharing arrangements, which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. although the fcc has scheduled an auction of low band spectrum to begin in 2016, it is possible the auction may be delayed. any material delay could adversely impact our ability to implement our plans and efforts to improve our network. additionally, we may be unable to secure the spectrum we need in the upcoming auction, or in any other government auction we may elect to participate in, on favorable terms or at all. in addition, the fcc has encountered resistance to its plans to make additional spectrum available, which has created uncertainty about the timing and availability of spectrum through government auctions.
the fcc may impose conditions on the use of new wireless broadband mobile spectrum, including new restrictions or rules governing the use or access to current or future spectrum. this could increase pressure on capacity. additional conditions that may be imposed by the fcc include heightened build-out requirements, limited renewal rights, clearing obligations, or open access or net neutrality requirements that may make it less attractive or less economical to acquire spectrum. in addition, rules may be established for future government spectrum auctions that may negatively impact our ability to obtain spectrum economically or in appropriate configurations or coverage areas.
if we cannot acquire needed spectrum from the government or otherwise, if competitors acquire spectrum that will allow them to provide services competitive with our services, or if we cannot deploy services over acquired spectrum on a timely basis without burdensome conditions, at reasonable cost, and while maintaining network quality levels, then our ability to attract and retain customers and our associated financial performance could be materially adversely affected.
9
we operate in a very competitive wireless industry, which could limit our ability to attract and retain customers and adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
we have multiple wireless competitors in each of our service areas, some of which have greater resources than us, and compete for customers based principally on service/device offerings, price, call quality, data use experience, coverage area and customer service. in addition, we are facing growing competition from providers offering services using alternative wireless technologies and ip-based networks, as well as traditional cable, satellite tv and wireline networks. we expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates or possibly negative, leading to increased competition for customers. customer attrition, also known as churn, may increase as the wireless industry shifts away from service contracts. we also expect that our customers' growing appetite for data services will place increased demands on our network capacity. this competition and our capacity issues will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies compete for potential customers. our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer services, effective marketing and selling of products and services, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses.
joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions and strategic alliances in the wireless industry have resulted in and are expected to result in larger competitors competing for a limited number of customers. the two largest national wireless communication providers currently serve a significant percentage of all wireless customers and hold significant spectrum and other resources. our largest competitors may be able to enter into exclusive handset, device, or content arrangements, execute pervasive advertising and marketing campaigns, or otherwise improve their cost position relative to ours. in addition, the refusal of our large competitors to provide critical access to resources and inputs, such as roaming services on reasonable terms, may improve their position within the wireless broadband mobile services industry. furthermore, industries are converging as video, mobile, and broadband companies compete to deliver content as the next generation of offerings. companies like comcast and at&t/directv will have the scale and assets to aggressively compete in a converged wireless industry. these factors, together with the effects of the increasing aggregate penetration of wireless services in all metropolitan areas and the ability of our larger competitors to use resources to build out their networks and to quickly deploy advanced technologies, have made it more difficult for smaller carriers like us to continue to attract and retain customers, and may adversely affect our competitive position and ability to grow, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
if we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, then we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy.
in order to grow and remain competitive with new and evolving technologies in our industry, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands. enhancing our network is subject to risk from equipment changes and migration of customers from existing spectrum bands. adopting new and sophisticated technologies may result in implementation issues such as scheduling and supplier delays, unexpected or increased costs, technological constraints, regulatory permitting issues, subscriber dissatisfaction, and other issues that could cause delays in launching new technological capabilities, which in turn could result in significant costs or reduce the anticipated benefits of the upgrades. in general, the development of new services in the wireless telecommunications industry will require us to anticipate and respond to the continuously changing demands of our customers, which we may not be able to do accurately or timely. we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial position, and operating results if our new services fail to retain or gain acceptance in the marketplace or if costs associated with these services are higher than anticipated.
if our efforts, or those of third party service providers, to maintain the privacy and security of our customer, confidential, or sensitive information are not successful at preventing a significant data breach or cyber-attack, we could incur substantial additional costs, become subject to litigation, enforcement actions or regulatory investigation, and suffer reputational damage.
our business, like that of most retailers and wireless companies, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information of our customers and other persons who apply to become customers, confidential information about our employees and suppliers, and other sensitive information about our company, such as our business plans, transactions and intellectual property ("confidential information"). the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. cyber-attacks, such as denial of service, advanced persistent threats, other malicious attacks, unauthorized access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, errors or breaches by third party suppliers, or other breaches of security could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our
10
ability to provide services to our customers, and protect the privacy and confidentiality of our sensitive information. such attacks against companies are occurring with greater frequency and may be perpetrated by a variety of groups or persons, including those in jurisdictions where u.s. law enforcement is or has been unable to effectively address such attacks.
in addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third party service providers when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. we and our third party service providers have been subject to cyber-attacks in the past, including a breach at experian in september 2015 in which a subset of records containing current and potential customer information was compromised.
although we regularly review our processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of sensitive data and to prevent data loss, the ever-evolving threat landscape requires us to continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes. we cannot assure you that the security measures and preventive actions we take will be adequate to repel a significant attack, prevent information security breaches or the misuses of data, unauthorized access by third parties or employees, or exploits against third party supplier environments. if we are subject to such attacks or compromise, we may incur significant costs, be subject to regulatory investigations, sanctions and private litigation, experience disruptions to our operations or may suffer damage to our reputation that negatively impacts customer confidence. although the cyber-attacks that we and our third party service providers have been subjected to in the past have not caused significant harm to our company, future cyber-attacks may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are in the process of transferring our customer billing systems from our existing third-party vendor to a new third-party vendor. any unanticipated difficulties, disruption or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial and reputational effects on our business.
we are currently implementing a new customer billing system, which involves moving to a new third-party billing services vendor and platform through utilization of a phased deployment approach. the first release phase, which is limited to prepaid services, is scheduled for 2016. post implementation, we plan to operate both the existing and new billing systems in parallel to aid in the transition to the new system until all phases of the conversion are complete.
the implementation may cause major system or business disruptions or we may fail to implement the new billing system in a timely or effective manner. in addition, the third-party billing services vendor may experience errors, cyber-attacks or other operational disruptions that could negatively impact us and over which we may have limited control. interruptions and/or failure of this new billing services system could disrupt our operations and impact our ability to provide or bill for our services, retain customers, attract new customers or negatively impact overall customer experience. any occurrence of the foregoing could cause material adverse effects on our operations and financial condition, material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and reputational damage.
our reputation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by system failures, business disruptions, and unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems.
to be successful, we must provide our customers with reliable, trustworthy service and protect the communications, location, and personal information shared or generated by our customers. we rely upon our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. failure of our or others' systems, networks and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems. examples of these risks include:
•   human error such as responding to deceptive communications or unintentionally executing malicious code;
•   physical damage, power surges or outages, or equipment failure, including those as a result of severe weather, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, and acts of war;
•   theft of customer and/or proprietary information offered for sale for competitive advantage or corporate extortion;
•   unauthorized access to our information technology, billing, customer care and provisioning systems and networks, and those of our suppliers and other providers;
•   supplier failures or delays; and
•   other systems failures or outages.
such events could cause us to lose customers, lose revenue, incur expenses, suffer reputational and goodwill damages, and subject us to litigation or governmental investigation. remediation costs could include liability for information loss, repairing infrastructure and systems, and/or costs of incentives offered to customers. our insurance may not cover, or be adequate to fully reimburse us for, costs and losses associated with such events.
11
we rely on third-parties to provide specialized products or services for the operation of our business, and a failure or inability by such parties to provide these products or services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us to develop, maintain and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. our suppliers often provide services outside of the u.s., which carries associated additional regulatory and legal obligations. we generally rely upon the suppliers to provide contractual assurances and accurate information regarding risks associated with their provision of products or services in accordance with our expectations and standards, and they may fail to do so.
generally, there are multiple sources for the types of products and services we purchase or use. however, we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for billing services, voice and data communications transport services, network infrastructure, equipment, handsets, and other devices, and payment processing services, among other products and services we rely on. disruptions with respect to such suppliers, or failure of such suppliers to adequately perform, could have a material adverse on our financial performance.
in the past, our suppliers, contractors and third-party retailers have not always performed at the levels we expect or at the levels required by their contracts. our business could be severely disrupted if key suppliers, contractors, service providers, or third-party retailers fail to comply with their contracts or become unable to continue the supply due to patent or other intellectual property infringement actions, or other disruptions. our business could also be disrupted if we experience delays or service degradation during any transition to a new outsourcing provider or other supplier, or we were required to replace the supplied products or services with those from another source, especially if the replacement became necessary on short notice. any such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
economic and market conditions may adversely affect our business and financial performance, as well as our access to financing on favorable terms or at all.
our business and financial performance are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, consumer credit conditions, consumer debt levels, consumer confidence, rates of inflation (or concerns about deflation), unemployment rates, economic growth, energy costs and other macro-economic factors. difficult, or worsening, general economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
market volatility, economic uncertainty, and weak economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and financial performance in a number of ways. our services are available to a broad customer base, a significant segment of which may be more vulnerable to weak economic conditions. we may have greater difficulty in gaining new customers within this segment and existing customers may be more likely to terminate service due to an inability to pay.
weak economic conditions and credit conditions may also adversely impact our suppliers and dealers, some of which have filed for or may be considering bankruptcy, or may experience cash flow or liquidity problems or are unable to obtain or refinance credit such that they may no longer be able to operate. any of these could adversely impact our ability to distribute, market, or sell our products and services.
in addition, instability in the global financial markets could lead to periodic volatility in the credit, equity and fixed income markets. this volatility could limit our access to the credit markets, leading to higher borrowing costs or, in some cases, the inability to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all.
the agreements governing our indebtedness include restrictive covenants that limit our operating flexibility.
the agreements governing our indebtedness impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions, subject in certain cases to customary baskets, exceptions and incurrence-based ratio tests, may limit our or our subsidiaries' ability to engage in some transactions, including the following:
•   incurring additional indebtedness and issuing preferred stock;
•   paying dividends, redeeming capital stock or making other restricted payments or investments;
•   selling or buying assets, properties or licenses including participating in future fcc auctions of spectrum or private sales of spectrum;
•   developing assets, properties or licenses which we have or in the future may procure;
12
•   creating liens on assets;
•   engaging in mergers, acquisitions, business combinations or other transactions;
•   entering into transactions with affiliates; and
•   placing restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments.
these restrictions could limit our ability to react to changes in our operating environment or the economy. any future indebtedness that we incur may contain similar or more restrictive covenants. any failure to comply with the restrictions of our debt agreements may result in an event of default under these agreements, which in turn may result in defaults or acceleration of obligations under these agreements and other agreements, giving our lenders the right to terminate any commitments they had made to provide us with further funds and to require us to repay all amounts then outstanding. any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our financial position and performance.
our significant indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
our ability to make payments on our debt, to repay our existing indebtedness when due, to fund our capital intensive business and operations and fund significant planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is in turn subject to the operational risks described elsewhere in this section. our debt service obligations could have material adverse effects on our operations and financial results, including by:
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the communications industry or pursuing growth opportunities;
•   reducing the amount of cash available for other operational or strategic needs; and
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors who are less leveraged than we are.
in addition, $0.6 billion of the $5.6 billion in principal amount of the senior reset notes we issued to deutsche telekom in connection with the business combination between t-mobile and metropcs bears interest at rates which will be reset in april 2016. some of our debt also has a floating rate of interest linked to various indices. if the resets or the change in indices result in interest rate increases, debt service requirements will increase, which could adversely affect our cash flow. while we have and may enter into agreements limiting our exposure to higher interest rates in the future, any such agreements may not offer complete protection from this risk, and any portion not subject to such agreements would have full exposure to higher interest rates. any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
our business and stock price may be adversely affected if our internal controls are not effective.
under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, and the related sec rules, we are required to establish, maintain, and annually evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. this process is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. we rely heavily on information technology ("it") systems as an important part of our internal controls in order to operate, transact and otherwise manage our business, as well as provide effective and timely reporting of our financial results. each year, we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting, including these it systems; our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting; and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
we cannot assure you that we will not discover material weaknesses within our it controls or other aspects of our internal control over financial reporting in the future. the existence of one or more material weaknesses could result in errors in our financial statements, and substantial costs and resources may be required to rectify these or other internal control deficiencies. if we are unable to comply with the requirements of section 404 in a timely manner or determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. this may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock, and possibly expose us to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the sec or other regulatory authorities.
our financial performance will be impaired if we experience high fraud rates related to device financing, credit cards, dealers, or subscriptions.
our operating costs could increase substantially as a result of fraud, including device financing, customer credit card, subscription or dealer fraud. if our fraud detection strategies and processes are not successful in detecting and controlling fraud, whether directly or by way of the systems, processes, and operations of third parties such as national retailers, dealers and others, the resulting loss of revenue or increased expenses could have a materially adverse impact on our financial
13
condition and results of operations.
we rely on highly-skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture.
in our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical, and other personnel. we believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented and highly-skilled personnel. doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, competitors' hiring practices, employee tolerance for the significant amount of change within and demands on our company and our industry, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain and motivate our existing employees and to attract new employees. if we do not succeed in retaining and motivating our existing key employees and in attracting new key personnel, we may not be able to meet our business plan and, as a result, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected.
risk related to legal and regulatory matters we operate throughout the u.s., puerto rico, and the u.s. virgin islands, and as such are subject to regulatory and legislative action by applicable local, state and federal governmental entities, which may increase our costs of providing products or services, or require us to change our business operations, products, or services or subject us to material adverse impacts if we fail to comply with such regulations.
the fcc regulates the licensing, construction, modification, operation, ownership, sale, and interconnection of wireless communications systems, as do some state and local regulatory agencies. additionally, the federal trade commission ("ftc") and other federal agencies have asserted that they have jurisdiction over some consumer protection and elimination and prevention of anticompetitive business practices with respect to the provision of non-common carrier services. we cannot assure you that the fcc, ftc, or any other federal, state or local agencies will not adopt regulations or take other enforcement or other actions that would adversely affect our business, impose new costs, or require changes in current or planned operations. we are subject to regulatory oversight by various federal agencies, as well as judicial review and actions, on issues related to the wireless industry that include, but are not limited to: roaming, spectrum allocation and licensing, pole attachments, intercarrier compensation, universal service fund ("usf"), net neutrality, special access, 911 services, consumer protection, consumer privacy, and cybersecurity. we are also subject to regulations in connection with other aspects of our business, including handset financing and insurance activities.
in june 2015, the fcc's new net neutrality rules became effective, with the exception of enhanced transparency requirements, which are expected to become effective in 2016. the rules include a new internet service provider (isp) conduct standard, prohibiting actions that harm consumers or edge providers, subject to case-by-case review by the fcc. the new rules potentially subject some of our initiatives and practices, such as binge on and our network management practices, to heightened scrutiny by federal and state regulators, the public, and edge providers regarding whether such initiatives or practices are compliant.
in addition, states are increasingly focused on the quality of service and support that wireless communication providers provide to their customers and several states have proposed or enacted new and potentially burdensome regulations in this area. a number of state public utility commissions and state legislatures have introduced proposals in recent years seeking to regulate carriers' business practices. we also face potential investigations by, and inquiries from or actions by state public utility commissions and state attorneys general. we also cannot assure you that congress will not amend the communications act, from which the fcc obtains its authority and which serves to limit state authority, or enact other legislation in a manner that could be adverse to our business. enactment of additional state or federal regulations may increase our costs of providing services (including, through universal service programs, requiring us to subsidize wireline competitors) or require us to change our services. failure to comply with applicable regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, we could be subject to fines, forfeitures, and other penalties (including, in extreme cases, revocation of our spectrum licenses) for failure to comply with fcc or other governmental regulations, even if any such non-compliance was unintentional. the loss of any licenses, or any related fines or forfeitures, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
14
unfavorable outcomes of legal proceedings may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we are regularly involved in a number of legal proceedings before various state and federal courts, the fcc, the ftc, other federal agencies, and state and local regulatory agencies. such legal proceedings can be complex, costly, and highly disruptive to business operations by diverting the attention and energies of management and other key personnel. the assessment of the outcome of legal proceedings, including our potential liability, if any, is a highly subjective process that requires judgments about future events that are not within our control. the amounts ultimately received or paid upon settlement or pursuant to final judgment, order or decree may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial statements. in addition, litigation or similar proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future manner of doing business. such potential outcomes including judgments, awards, settlements or orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or ability to do business.
we offer products that include highly regulated financial services products. these products expose us to a wide variety of state and federal regulations.
the offering of financial services products to our customers, such as financing of devices, including through our eip and jump! on demand program, has expanded our regulatory compliance obligations. if we fail to remain compliant with any of these regulations, then we face the risk of:
•   increased consumer complaints and potential examinations or enforcement actions by federal and state regulatory agencies, including but not limited to the consumer financial protection board ("cfpb"), federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") and the ftc;
•   violation of financial services and consumer protections regulations may result in regulatory fines, penalties, enforcement actions, civil litigation and/or class action lawsuits.
we may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property. additionally, we use equipment, software, technology, and content in the operation of our business, which may subject us to third-party intellectual property claims and we may be adversely affected by litigation involving our suppliers.
we rely on a combination of patent, service mark, trademark, and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights, all of which offer only limited protection. the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary rights. we may not have the ability in certain jurisdictions to adequately protect intellectual property rights. moreover, others may independently develop processes and technologies that are competitive to ours. unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights may increase the cost of protecting these rights or reduce our revenues. we cannot be sure that any legal actions against such infringers will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. we cannot assure you that our pending or future patent applications will be granted or enforceable, or that the rights granted under any patent that may be issued will provide us with any competitive advantages. in addition, we cannot assure you that any trademark or service mark registrations will be issued with respect to pending or future applications or will provide adequate protection of our brands. we do not have insurance coverage for intellectual property losses, and as such, a charge for an anticipated settlement, or an adverse ruling awarding damages, represents unplanned loss events. any of these factors could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
third parties may claim we infringe their intellectual property rights. we are a defendant in numerous intellectual property lawsuits, including patent infringement lawsuits, which exposes us to the risk of adverse financial impact either by way of significant settlement amounts or damage awards. as we adopt new technologies and new business systems, and provide customers with new products and/or services, we may face additional infringement claims. these claims could require us to cease certain activities or to cease selling relevant products and services. these claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend, and divert management resources. in addition to litigation directly involving our company, our vendors and suppliers can be threatened with patent litigation and/or subjected to the threat of disruption or blockage of sale, use, or importation of products, posing the risk of supply chain interruption to particular products and associated services exposing us to material adverse operational and financial impacts.
our business may be impacted by new or changing tax laws or regulations and actions by federal, state or local agencies, or how judicial authorities apply tax laws.
tax laws are dynamic and subject to change as new laws are passed and new interpretations of the law are issued or applied. in connection with the products and services we provide, we calculate, collect, and remit various taxes and regulatory fees to numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities, including federal usf contributions and common carrier regulatory fees. in addition, many state and local governments levy various taxes and fees on our sales of products and services to
15
customers and on our purchases of telecommunications equipment and services from vendors and various telecommunications carriers. we impose surcharges on customers to reimburse us for taxes, regulatory assessments and other costs we incur to comply with governmental regulatory mandates. in many cases, the applicability and method of calculating these surcharges, taxes and fees may be uncertain, and our calculation, assessment or remittance of these amounts may be contested by either customers or governmental authorities. in the event that we have incorrectly described, disclosed, calculated, assessed or remitted amounts that were due to governmental authorities, we could be subject to additional taxes, fines, penalties, or other adverse actions, which could materially impact our operations or financial condition. in the event that federal, state and/or local municipalities were to significantly increase taxes and regulatory fees on our services or seek to impose new ones, it could have a material adverse effect on our margins and financial and operational results.
our wireless licenses are subject to renewal and may be revoked in the event that we violate applicable laws.
our existing wireless licenses are subject to renewal upon the expiration of the 10-year or 15-year period for which they are granted. historically, the fcc has approved our license renewal applications. however, the communications act provides that licenses may be revoked for cause and license renewal applications denied if the fcc determines that a renewal would not serve the public interest. in addition, our licenses are subject to our compliance with the terms set forth in the agreement pertaining to national security among deutsche telekom, the federal bureau of investigation, the department of justice, the department of homeland security and the company. the failure of deutsche telekom or the company to comply with the terms of this agreement could result in fines, injunctions, and other penalties, including potential revocation or non-renewal of our spectrum licenses. if we fail to timely file to renew any wireless license, or fail to meet any regulatory requirements for renewal, including construction and substantial service requirements, we could be denied a license renewal. many of our wireless licenses are subject to interim or final construction requirements and there is no guarantee that the fcc will find our construction, or the construction of prior licensees, sufficient to meet the build-out or renewal requirements. the fcc has pending a rulemaking proceeding to reevaluate, among other things, its wireless license renewal showings and standards and may in this or other proceedings promulgate changes or additional substantial requirements or conditions to its renewal rules, including revising license build out requirements. accordingly, we cannot assure you that the fcc will renew our wireless licenses upon their expiration. if any of our wireless licenses were to be revoked or not renewed upon expiration, we would not be permitted to provide services under that license, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business could be adversely affected by findings of product liability for health/safety risks from wireless devices and transmission equipment, as well as by changes to regulations/radio frequency emission standards.
we do not manufacture devices or other equipment sold by us, and we depend on our suppliers to provide defect-free and safe equipment. suppliers are required by applicable law to manufacture their devices to meet certain governmentally imposed safety criteria. however, even if the devices we sell meet the regulatory safety criteria, we could be held liable with the equipment manufacturers and suppliers for any harm caused by products we sell if such products are later found to have design or manufacturing defects. we generally seek to enter into indemnification agreements with the manufacturers who supply us with devices to protect us from losses associated with product liability, but we cannot guarantee that we will be fully protected against all losses associated with a product that is found to be defective.
allegations have been made that the use of wireless handsets and wireless transmission equipment, such as cell towers, may be linked to various health concerns, including cancer and brain tumors. lawsuits have been filed against manufacturers and carriers in the industry claiming damages for alleged health problems arising from the use of wireless handsets. in addition, the fcc has from time to time gathered data regarding wireless handset emissions and its assessment of this issue may evolve based on its findings. the media has also reported incidents of handset battery malfunction, including reports of batteries that have overheated. these allegations may lead to changes in regulatory standards. there have also been other allegations regarding wireless technology, including allegations that wireless handset emissions may interfere with various electronic medical devices (including hearing aids and pacemakers), airbags and anti-lock brakes.
additionally, there are safety risks associated with the use of wireless devices while operating vehicles or equipment. concerns over any of these risks and the effect of any legislation, rules or regulations that have been and may be adopted in response to these risks could limit our ability to sell our wireless services.
related to ownership of our common stock we are controlled by deutsche telekom, whose interests may differ from the interests of our other stockholders.
deutsche telekom beneficially owns and possesses majority voting power of the fully diluted shares of our common stock.
16
through its control of the voting power of our common stock and the rights granted to deutsche telekom in our certificate of incorporation and the stockholder's agreement, deutsche telekom controls the election of our directors and all other matters requiring the approval of our stockholders. by virtue of deutsche telekom's voting control, we are a "controlled company," as defined in the nasdaq listing rules, and are not subject to nasdaq requirements that would otherwise require us to have a majority of independent directors, a nominating committee composed solely of independent directors or a compensation committee composed solely of independent directors.
in addition, our certificate of incorporation and the stockholder's agreement restrict us from taking certain actions without deutsche telekom's prior written consent as long as deutsche telekom beneficially owns 30% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, including:
•   the incurrence of debt (excluding certain permitted debt) if our consolidated ratio of debt to cash flow for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available would exceed 5.25 to 1.0 on a pro forma basis;
•   the acquisition of any business, debt or equity interests, operations or assets of any person for consideration in excess of $1 billion;
•   the sale of any of our or our subsidiaries' divisions, businesses, operations or equity interests for consideration in excess of $1 billion;
•   any change in the size of our board of directors;
•   the issuances of equity securities in excess of 10% of our outstanding shares or to repurchase debt held by deutsche telekom;
•   the repurchase or redemption of equity securities or the declaration of extraordinary or in-kind dividends or distributions other than on a pro rata basis;
•   or the termination or hiring of our chief executive officer.
these restrictions could prevent us from taking actions that our board of directors may otherwise determine are in the best interests of the company and our stockholders or that may be in the best interests of our other stockholders.
deutsche telekom effectively has control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election or removal of directors, changes to our certificate of incorporation, a sale or merger of our company and other transactions requiring stockholder approval under delaware law. deutsche telekom's controlling interest may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or discouraging a third-party from seeking to acquire, the company. deutsche telekom may have strategic, financial, or other interests different from our other stockholders, including as the holder of a substantial amount of our indebtedness and as the counter-party in a number of commercial arrangements, and may make decisions adverse to the interests of our other stakeholders.
future sales or issuances of our common stock, including sales by deutsche telekom, could have a negative impact on our stock price.
we cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares or the availability of shares of our common stock will have on the prevailing trading price of our common stock from time to time. sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline.
we and deutsche telekom are parties to the stockholder's agreement pursuant to which deutsche telekom is free to transfer its shares in public sales without notice, as long as such transactions would not result in the transferee owning 30% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock. if a transfer would exceed the 30% threshold, it is prohibited unless the transferee makes a binding offer to purchase all of the other outstanding shares on the same price and terms. the stockholder's agreement does not otherwise impose any other restrictions on the sales of common stock by deutsche telekom. moreover, we have filed a shelf registration statement with respect to the common stock and certain debt securities held by deutsche telekom, which would facilitate the resale by deutsche telekom of all or any portion of the shares of our common stock it holds. the sale of shares of our common stock by deutsche telekom (other than in transactions involving the purchase of all of our outstanding shares) could significantly increase the number of shares available in the market, which could cause a decrease in our stock price. in addition, even if deutsche telekom does not sell a large number of its shares into the market, its right to transfer a large number of shares into the market may depress our stock price.
in addition, we have reserved up to 38.684 million shares of common stock for issuance upon conversion of our preferred stock, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. the dividends on the preferred stock may also be paid in cash or, subject to certain limitations, shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock. the issuance of additional shares of common stock upon conversion of, or in connection with the payment of dividends upon, the mandatory
17
convertible preferred stock may depress our stock price.
our stock price may be volatile, and may fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business, financial condition and operating results.
the trading prices of the securities of communications companies historically have been highly volatile, and the trading price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations. our stock price may fluctuate in reaction to a number of events and factors that may include, among other things:
•   our or our competitors' actual or anticipated operating and financial results; introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors or changes in service plans or pricing by us or our competitors;
•   analyst projections, predictions and forecasts, analyst target prices for our securities and changes in, or our failure to meet, securities analysts' expectations;
•   deutsche telekom's financial performance, results of operation, or actions implied or taken by deutsche telekom;
•   entry of new competitors into our markets or perceptions of increased price competition, including a price war;
•   our performance, including subscriber growth, and our financial and operational metric performance;
•   market perceptions relating to our services, network, handsets and deployment of our lte platform and our access to iconic handsets, services, applications or content;
•   market perceptions of the wireless communications industry and valuation models for us and the industry;
•   changes in our credit rating or future prospects;
•   the availability or perceived availability of additional capital in general and our access to such capital;
•   actual or anticipated consolidation, or other strategic mergers or acquisition activities involving us or our competitors or market speculations regarding such activities;
•   disruptions of our operations or service providers or other vendors necessary to our network operations; the general state of the u.s. and world economies; and
•   availability of additional spectrum, whether by the announcement, commencement, bidding and closing of auctions for new spectrum or the acquisition of companies that own spectrum, and the extent to which we or our competitors succeed in acquiring additional spectrum.
in addition, the stock market has been volatile in the recent past and has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which may continue for the foreseeable future. this volatility has had a significant impact on the trading price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in the communications industry. these changes frequently occur irrespective of the operating performance of the affected companies. hence, the trading price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our business, financial condition and operating results.
our stockholder rights plan could prevent a change in control of our company in instances in which some stockholders may believe a change in control is in their best interests.
we have a stockholder rights plan ("rights plan") in effect. the rights plan will cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to acquire our company on terms that our board of directors does not believe are in our and our stockholders' best interest. the rights plan is intended to protect stockholders in the event of an unfair or coercive offer to acquire the company and to provide our board of directors with adequate time to evaluate unsolicited offers. the rights plan may prevent or make takeovers or unsolicited corporate transactions with respect to our company more difficult, even if stockholders may consider such transactions favorable, possibly including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations except as expressly stated, the financial condition and results of operations discussed throughout management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") are those of t-mobile us, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
overview the md&a is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements for the three years ended december 31, 2015 included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
21
operating highlights we introduced our un-carrier proposition in 2013 with the objective of eliminating customer pain points from the unnecessary complexity of the wireless communication industry. we believe the un-carrier proposition has been successful as evidenced by our strong customer growth momentum since the launch of our un-carrier proposition. total net customer additions were 8,264,000 in 2015, broadly consistent compared to 8,334,000 in 2014 and a significant improvement compared to 4,377,000 in 2013. our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues and we have continued to focus on retaining customers through our un-carrier initiatives and ongoing network improvements. these initiatives have continued to provide an improved customer experience as evidenced by our strong improvement in branded postpaid phone churn of 1.39% in 2015 compared to 1.58% in 2014 and 1.69% in 2013.
in 2015, we introduced jump! on demand which allows customers to lease a new wireless device and upgrade it for a new one up to three times in 12 months for no extra fee. at lease inception, devices are transferred from inventory to property and equipment. devices are then depreciated to their estimated residual value over the lease term and revenues associated with the leased wireless devices are recognized over the term of the lease. upon device upgrade or at lease end, customers must return or purchase their device.  as we do not re-lease handset devices, returned devices are recorded as inventory and are valued at the lower of cost or market with any write down to market recognized as cost of equipment sales.
financial highlights we generate revenues by offering affordable wireless communication services to our postpaid, prepaid and wholesale customers, as well as through sales and leasing of a wide selection of wireless devices and accessories. total revenues increased to $32.1 billion in 2015 compared to $29.6 billion in 2014 and $24.4 billion in 2013.
our most significant expenses are related to acquiring and retaining high-quality customers, providing a full range of devices, compensating employees, and operating and expanding our network. operating expenses were $30.0 billion in 2015, compared to $28.1 billion in 2014 and $23.4 billion in 2013.
net income increased to $733 million in 2015, compared to $247 million in 2014 and $35 million in 2013. adjusted ebitda increased to $7.4 billion in 2015, compared to $5.6 billion in 2014 and $4.9 billion in 2013.
liquidity and capital resources highlights the ongoing success of our un-carrier proposition and continued modernization of our network has further repositioned t-mobile to provide customers with an exceptional customer experience, which requires substantial investment in our business.
we have substantially completed the process of upgrading our network to lte, which provides our customers with the fastest nationwide 4g lte network in the united states. in addition, we are currently in the process of building out our network to utilize our 700 mhz a-block spectrum licenses. cash capital expenditures for property and equipment, excluding payments for capitalized interest, were $4.5 billion in 2015, compared to $4.3 billion in 2014 and $4.0 billion in 2013. payments for capitalized interest costs included in purchases of property and equipment were $246 million in 2015, $65 million in 2014 and were not significant in 2013.
we provide mobile communication services using spectrum licenses, consisting of 700 mhz a-block, aws and pcs licenses. we intend to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses in private party transactions and future fcc spectrum license auctions, including the broadcast incentive auction in 2016, to further enhance our portfolio of u.s. nationwide broadband spectrum and enable the expansion of lte coverage to new markets.
see "results of operations" below for further discussion of changes in revenues and operating expenses and "performance measures" for a description of performance measures, such as adjusted ebitda and churn. the comparability of results in this form 10-k to the year ended 2013 is affected by the inclusion of metropcs results after the completion of the business combination on april 30, 2013.
22
results of operations set forth below is a summary of consolidated results:
year ended december 31,          percentage          percentage change 2015         change 2014
versus 2014         versus 2013
(in millions)                                                                                   2015                  2014                  2013
revenues branded postpaid revenues                                                               $16,383               $14,392               $13,166               14   %               9   %
branded prepaid revenues                                                                  7,553                 6,986                 4,945                8   %              41   %
wholesale revenues                                                                          692                   731                   613               (5   )%             19   %
roaming and other service revenues                                                          193                   266                   344              (27   )%            (23   )%
total service revenues                                                                   24,821                22,375                19,068               11   %              17   %
equipment revenues                                                                        6,718                 6,789                 5,033               (1   )%             35   %
other revenues                                                                              514                   400                   319               29   %              25   %
total revenues                                                                           32,053                29,564                24,420                8   %              21   %
operating expenses cost of services, exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below       5,554                 5,788                 5,279               (4   )%             10   %
cost of equipment sales                                                                   9,344                 9,621                 6,976               (3   )%             38   %
selling, general and administrative                                                      10,189                 8,863                 7,382               15   %              20   %
depreciation and amortization                                                             4,688                 4,412                 3,627                6   %              22   %
cost of metropcs business combination                                                       376                   299                   108               26   %              nm gains on disposal of spectrum licenses                                                     (163    )             (840    )               (2    )         (81   )%             nm other, net                                                                                    -                     5                    54               nm                 (91   )%
total operating expenses                                                                 29,988                28,148                23,424                7   %              20   %
operating income                                                                          2,065                 1,416                   996               46   %              42   %
other income (expense)
interest expense                                                                         (1,085    )           (1,073    )             (545    )           1   %              97   %
interest expense to affiliates                                                             (411    )             (278    )             (678    )          48   %             (59   )%
interest income                                                                             420                   359                   189               17   %              90   %
other income (expense), net                                                                 (11    )              (11    )               89               nm                  nm total other expense, net                                                                 (1,087    )           (1,003    )             (945    )           8   %               6   %
income before income taxes                                                                  978                   413                    51               nm                  nm income tax expense                                                                          245                   166                    16               48   %              nm net income                                                                                 $733                  $247                   $35               nm                  nm nm - not meaningful year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
revenues branded postpaid revenues increased $2.0 billion, or 14%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in the number of average branded postpaid phone and mobile broadband customers driven by strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and promotions for services and devices. additional increases resulted from customer adoption of upgrade and insurance programs, and an increase in regulatory program revenues. the increase was partially offset by lower branded postpaid phone average revenue per user ("arpu"). see "performance measures" for further information on branded postpaid phone arpu.
branded prepaid revenues increased $567 million, or 8%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in the number of average branded prepaid customers driven by the success of our metropcs brand promotional activities and continued growth in expansion markets.
wholesale revenues decreased $39 million, or 5%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to revised agreements with certain mvno partners in 2015, partially offset by growth in customers of certain mvno partners.
23
roaming and other service revenues decreased $73 million, or 27%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to lower international roaming revenues driven by changes in contractual arrangements with certain roaming partners and a reduction in early termination fees.
equipment revenues decreased $71 million, or 1%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to a lower average revenue per device sold, due in part to the impact of customers shifting to leasing higher-end devices with jump! on demand, partially offset by growth in the number of devices and accessories sold. with jump! on demand, revenues associated with leased wireless devices are recognized over the term of the lease rather than when the device is delivered to the customer. if customers continue to shift to leasing devices with jump! on demand, equipment revenues may continue to decrease in 2016. despite the increase in the number of devices leased in 2015 following the launch of jump! on demand, the unit volume of device sales increased 5% in 2015, compared to 2014.
we financed $5.2 billion of devices through eip during 2015, a decrease from $5.8 billion in 2014, primarily due to a decline in devices financed through eip as customers increasingly shifted to leasing devices with jump! on demand.
other revenues increased $114 million, or 29%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher non-service revenues from revenue share agreements with third parties.
operating expenses
•   cost of services consists primarily of costs directly attributable to providing wireless service through the operation of our network, including direct switch and cell site costs, such as rent, network access and transport costs, utilities, maintenance, associated labor costs, long distance costs, regulatory program costs, roaming fees paid to other carriers and data content costs.
•   cost of equipment sales consists primarily of costs of devices and accessories sold to customers and dealers, device costs to fulfill insurance and warranty claims, write-downs of inventory related to shrinkage and obsolescence, and shipping and handling costs.
•   selling, general and administrative consists of costs not directly attributable to providing wireless service for the operation of sales, customer care and corporate activities. these include commissions paid to dealers and retail employees for activations and upgrades, labor and facilities costs associated with retail sales force and administrative space, marketing and promotional costs, customer support and billing, bad debt expense, loss on sale of receivables and administrative support activities.
cost of services decreased $234 million, or 4%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to synergies realized from the decommissioning of the metropcs cdma network and lower lease expense associated with spectrum license lease agreements. additionally, a reduction in certain regulatory program costs contributed to the decrease. the decrease was partially offset by increases related to our network expansion and build-out of our 700 mhz a-block spectrum.
cost of equipment sales decreased $277 million, or 3%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to a lower average cost per device sold, mainly due to the impact of customers shifting to leasing higher-end devices with jump! on demand, partially offset by growth in the number of devices and accessories sold. with jump! on demand, the cost of the leased wireless device is capitalized and recognized as depreciation expense over the term of the lease rather than recognized as cost of equipment sales when the device is delivered to the customer. if customers continue to shift to leasing devices with jump! on demand, cost of equipment sales may continue to decrease in 2016. despite the increase in the number of devices leased in 2015 following the launch of jump! on demand, the unit volume of device sales increased 5% in 2015, compared to 2014.
selling, general and administrative increased $1.3 billion, or 15%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily to support the growing customer base, which also increased 15% in 2015, and reflects increases in employee-related costs, promotional costs, commissions, bad debt expense and losses from sales of receivables primarily resulting from growth in the customer base and in the eip program.
depreciation and amortization increased $276 million, or 6%, in 2015, compared to 2014 primarily driven by $312 million in depreciation expense as a result of the launch of our jump! on demand program. with jump! on demand, the cost of the leased wireless device is depreciated to its estimated residual value over the lease term rather than recognized as cost of
24
equipment sales when the device is delivered to the customer. if customers continue to shift to leasing devices with jump! on demand, we expect depreciation associated with leased wireless devices to continue to increase in 2016.
cost of metropcs business combination of $376 million in 2015 primarily reflects network decommissioning costs associated with the business combination. in 2014, we began decommissioning the metropcs cdma network and certain other redundant network cell sites. on july 1, 2015, t-mobile officially completed the shutdown of the metropcs cdma network. network decommissioning costs, which are excluded from adjusted ebitda, primarily relate to the acceleration of lease costs for cell sites that would have otherwise been recognized as cost of services over the remaining lease term had we not decommissioned the cell sites. although we expect to incur additional network decommissioning costs in 2016 as cell site assets are removed, these costs are not expected to be significant. see note 2 - business combination with metropcs of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
gains on disposal of spectrum licenses of $163 million in 2015 primarily consisted of a non-cash gain of $139 million from spectrum license transactions with verizon recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015. gains on disposal of spectrum licenses of $840 million in 2014 primarily consisted of non-cash gains from spectrum license transactions with verizon, and to a lesser extent, a non-cash gain from a spectrum license transaction with at&t during the fourth quarter of 2014. see note 6 - goodwill, spectrum licenses and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
other income (expense)
interest expense increased $12 million, or 1%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher debt balances with third parties in 2015 compared to 2014, partially offset by a decrease from interest costs that were capitalized associated with the build out of our network to utilize our 700 mhz a-block spectrum licenses.
interest expense to affiliates increased $133 million, or 48%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to changes in the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the senior reset notes issued to deutsche telekom, partially offset by a decrease from interest costs that were capitalized associated with the build out of our network to utilize our 700 mhz a-block spectrum licenses.
interest income increased $61 million, or 17%, in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher interest income from devices financed through eip. interest associated with eip receivables is imputed at the time of sale and then recognized over the financed installment term. see note 4 - equipment installment plan receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
income taxes income tax expense increased $79 million in 2015, compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. the effective tax rate was 25.1% in 2015, compared to 40.2% in 2014. the decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily due to the impact of discrete income tax items recognized in 2015, including recent changes in state and local income tax laws and the recognition of foreign tax credits.
net income net income increased $486 million in 2015, compared to 2014, as a result of the factors described above.
25
guarantor subsidiaries pursuant to the indenture and the supplemental indentures, the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties of t-mobile usa, inc. ("issuer"), excluding senior secured term loans and capital leases, is fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by t-mobile us, inc. ("parent") and certain of the issuer's 100% owned subsidiaries ("guarantor subsidiaries"). additionally, t-mobile usa incurred $2.0 billion of senior secured term loans in 2015, which are secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of t-mobile usa's assets and the assets of t-mobile usa's guarantor subsidiaries. in addition, the senior secured term loans are subject to a first priority pledge of the equity interests held by t-mobile usa and substantially all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, t-mobile entered into an arrangement to sell certain eip accounts receivable on a revolving basis. in connection with the sales arrangement, the company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary to sell eip accounts receivables ("eip bre"), which is included in the non-guarantor subsidiaries condensed consolidating financial information. see note 3 - sales of certain receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
the financial condition of the parent, issuer and guarantor subsidiaries is substantially similar to the company's consolidated financial condition. similarly, the results of operations of the parent, issuer and guarantor subsidiaries are substantially similar to the company's consolidated results of operations. as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the most significant components of the financial condition of the non-guarantor subsidiaries were property and equipment of $454 million and $537 million, respectively, tower obligations of $2.2 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, and stockholders' deficit of $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. the most significant components of the results of operations of our non-guarantor subsidiaries in 2015 were service revenues of $1.7 billion, partially offset by costs of equipment sales of $720 million and selling, general and administrative expenses of $733 million resulting in a net comprehensive income of $60 million. in 2014, service revenues of $1.3 billion were offset by costs of equipment sales of $702 million, selling, general and administrative expenses of $518 million and other items resulting in a net comprehensive loss of $38 million. see note 15 - guarantor financial information of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
revenues branded postpaid revenues increased $1.2 billion, or 9%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in the number of average branded postpaid customers driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions for services and devices. additional increases resulted from customer adoption of upgrade and insurance programs and changes in requalification requirements for corporate discount programs. the increase was partially offset by lower branded postpaid average revenue per account ("arpa"). see "performance measures" for further information on arpa. branded postpaid arpa was negatively impacted by continued growth of our simple choice plans, which have lower monthly service charges compared to traditional bundled plans. branded postpaid customers on simple choice plans increased over the past twelve months to 89% of the branded postpaid customer base as of december 31, 2014, compared to 69% as of december 31, 2013.
branded prepaid revenues increased $2.0 billion, or 41%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily driven by growth of the customer base from the expansion of the metropcs brand and an increase in promotional activities. in addition, the inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period following the business combination in april 2013 contributed to the increase.
wholesale revenues increased $118 million, or 19%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in customer programs and monthly plans, including data, offered by our mvno partners and changes to our mvno contractual arrangements.
roaming and other service revenues decreased $78 million, or 23%, in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to a decline in early termination fees ("etfs") following our introduction of the no annual service contract feature of the simple choice plan launched in march 2013.
equipment sales increased $1.8 billion, or 35%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to significant growth in the number of devices sold due to higher gross customer additions and higher device upgrade volumes, including jump! redemptions. the volume of device sales increased 48% in 2014, compared to 2013. additionally, the
26
inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period in 2014 following the business combination in april 2013 contributed to the increase. the increase was partially offset by reimbursements of other carriers' etfs and a lower average revenue per device sold.
we financed $5.8 billion of equipment sales revenues through eip during 2014, an increase from $3.3 billion in 2013, resulting from growth of our simple choice plans. additionally, customers had associated eip billings of $3.6 billion in 2014, compared to $1.5 billion in 2013.
other revenues increased $81 million, or 25%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher co-location rental income from leasing space on wireless communication towers to third parties and higher lease income associated with spectrum license lease agreements resulting from spectrum swap transactions.
operating expenses cost of services increased $509 million, or 10%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to the inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period in 2014 following the business combination in april 2013. additionally, higher lease expense primarily relating to spectrum license lease agreements resulting from spectrum swap transactions contributed to the increase.
cost of equipment sales increased $2.6 billion, or 38%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to significant growth in the number of devices sold due to higher gross customer additions and higher device upgrade volumes, including jump! redemptions. additionally, the inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period in 2014 following the business combination in april 2013 contributed to the increase. the volume of device sales increased 48% in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was partially offset by a lower average cost per device sold.
selling, general and administrative increased $1.5 billion, or 20%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher employee-related costs as a result of increases in the number of retail and customer support employees, higher commissions driven by increased gross customer additions and higher promotional costs. additionally, the inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period in 2014 following the business combination in april 2013 and higher stock-based compensation contributed to the increase.
depreciation and amortization increased $785 million, or 22%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily associated with the build-out of the t-mobile lte network, which increased the depreciable asset base. additionally, the inclusion of metropcs operating results for the full year period in 2014 following the business combination in april 2013, including accelerated depreciation related to the decommissioning of the metropcs cdma network, contributed to the increase.
cost of metropcs business combination of $299 million in 2014 primarily reflects network decommissioning costs associated with the business combination. in 2014, we began decommissioning the metropcs cdma network and certain other redundant network cell sites. network decommissioning costs, which are excluded from adjusted ebitda, primarily relate to the acceleration of lease costs for cell sites that would have otherwise been recognized as cost of services over the remaining lease term had we not decommissioned the cell sites. see note 2 - business combination with metropcs of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information. cost of metropcs business combination of $108 million in 2013 reflects personnel-related costs and professional services costs associated with the business combination.
gains on disposal of spectrum licenses of $840 million in 2014 primarily consisted of non-cash gains from spectrum license transactions with verizon, and to a lesser extent, a non-cash gain from a spectrum license transaction with at&t during the fourth quarter of 2014. see note 6 - goodwill, spectrum licenses and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
other, net decreased $49 million, or 91%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to our 2013 restructuring program to align our operations to our new strategy and position the company for future growth. costs associated with the 2013 restructuring program primarily consisted of severance and other personnel-related costs.
other income (expense)
interest expense increased $528 million, or 97%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily the result of higher debt balances in 2014 compared to 2013, including senior notes issued in 2013, the assumption of metropcs long-term debt in
27
connection with the business combination in april 2013, the reclassification of non-reset notes from long-term debt to affiliates to long-term debt following deutsche telekom's sale of the non-reset notes in october 2013, and to a lesser extent, the issuance of new senior unsecured notes in september 2014.
interest expense to affiliates decreased $400 million, or 59%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to lower debt balances with deutsche telekom in 2014, resulting from the recapitalization of t-mobile prior to the business combination in april 2013 and deutsche telekom's sale of non-reset notes in the aggregate principal amount of $5.6 billion in october 2013. to a lesser extent, additional decreases resulted from fair value adjustments related to embedded derivative instruments associated with the senior reset notes issued to deutsche telekom in the recapitalization.
interest income increased $170 million, or 90%, in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was the result of significant growth in devices financed through eip. interest associated with eip receivables is imputed at the time of sale and then recognized over the financed installment term.
other income (expense), net decreased $100 million in 2014, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to the recognition of foreign currency translation gains in 2013 related to the retirement of derivative instruments prior to the business combination in april 2013. this decrease was offset in part by a non-cash gain recognized in 2014 on the extinguishment of $1.0 billion of 7.875% senior notes due in 2018.
income taxes income tax expense increased $150 million in 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax income. the effective tax rate was 40.2% in 2014, compared to 31.4% in 2013. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in the valuation allowance on certain state income tax attributes, which was partially offset by an increase in federal tax credits and a reduction in the effect of puerto rico taxes on the effective tax rate.
net income net income increased $212 million in 2014, compared to 2013, as a result of the factors described above.
guarantor subsidiaries pursuant to the indenture and the supplemental indentures, the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding capital leases, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by t-mobile us, inc. ("parent") and certain of t-mobile usa's ("issuer") 100% owned subsidiaries ("guarantor subsidiaries"). in 2014, t-mobile entered into a two-year arrangement to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis. in connection with the arrangement, the company formed the service bre, which is included in the non-guarantor subsidiaries condensed consolidating financial information. see note 3 - sales of certain receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
the financial condition of the parent, issuer and guarantor subsidiaries is substantially similar to the company's consolidated financial condition. similarly, the results of operations of the parent, issuer and guarantor subsidiaries are substantially similar to the company's consolidated results of operations. as of december 31, 2014, the most significant components of the financial condition of the non-guarantor subsidiaries were property and equipment of $537 million, tower obligations of $2.3 billion, and stockholders' deficit of $1.5 billion. the most significant components of the results of operations of our non-guarantor subsidiaries in 2013, were service revenues of $823 million offset by costs of equipment sales of $552 million, resulting in a net comprehensive loss of $52 million.
28
performance measures in managing our business and assessing financial performance, we supplement the information provided by the financial statements with other operating or statistical data and non-gaap financial measures. these operating and financial measures are utilized by our management to evaluate our operating performance and, in certain cases, our ability to meet liquidity requirements. although companies in the wireless industry may not define each of these measures in precisely the same way, we believe that these measures facilitate key operating performance comparisons with other companies in the wireless industry.
total customers a customer is generally defined as a sim card with a unique t-mobile identity number which is associated with an account that generates revenue. branded customers generally include customers that are qualified either for postpaid service utilizing phones or mobile broadband devices (including tablets), where they generally pay after incurring service, or prepaid service, where they generally pay in advance. wholesale customers include m2m and mvno customers that operate on our network, but are managed by wholesale partners.
the following table sets forth the number of ending customers:
(in thousands)                                   december 31,      december 31,          december 31,
2015              2014                  2013
customers, end of period branded postpaid phone customers              29,355            25,844                21,797
branded postpaid mobile broadband customers    2,340             1,341            502
total branded postpaid customers              31,695            27,185                22,299
branded prepaid customers                     17,631            16,316                15,072
total branded customers                       49,326            43,501                37,371
wholesale customers                           13,956            11,517                 9,313
total customers, end of period                63,282            55,018                46,684
the following table sets forth the number of net customer additions:
year ended december 31,
(in thousands)                                      2015              2014              2013
net customer additions branded postpaid phone customers              3,511             4,047             1,938
branded postpaid mobile broadband customers     999               839                68
total branded postpaid customers              4,510             4,886             2,006
branded prepaid customers                     1,315             1,244               328
total branded customers                       5,825             6,130             2,334
wholesale customers                           2,439             2,204             2,043
total net customer additions                  8,264             8,334             4,377
acquired customers                                -                 -             8,918
net customer additions were 8,264,000 in 2015, compared to net customer additions of 8,334,000 in 2014. at december 31, 2015, we had 63.3 million customers, a 15% increase from the customer total as of december 31, 2014, as a result of growth in the customer categories described below.
net customer additions were 8,334,000 in 2014, compared to 4,377,000 net customer additions, excluding customers acquired as a result of the metropcs business combination, in 2013. at december 31, 2014, we had 55.0 million customers, an 18% increase from the customer total as of december 31, 2013, as a result of growth in the customer categories described below.
branded customers branded postpaid phone net customer additions were 3,511,000 in 2015, compared to 4,047,000 in 2014. branded postpaid phone net customer additions remained strong in 2015 driven by positive customer response to our un-carrier initiatives, ongoing network improvements and promotional activities. branded postpaid phone gross customer additions in 2015 were lower compared to 2014, which included the introduction of un-carrier 4.0 contract freedom and certain attractive family rate
29
plan promotions. included in the branded postpaid phone net customer additions were approximately 765,000 qualified branded prepaid customers upgrading to branded postpaid plans in 2015, compared to approximately 420,000 in 2014.
branded postpaid phone net customer additions were 4,047,000 in 2014, compared to branded postpaid phone net customer additions of 1,938,000 in 2013. the increase in customer development was attributable to increased new customer activations and improved branded postpaid phone churn driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions for services and devices. additional increases in customer development resulted from the launch of new popular devices.
branded postpaid mobile broadband net customer additions were 999,000 in 2015, compared to 839,000 in 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher gross customer additions driven by promotions for mobile broadband devices, partially offset by higher deactivations resulting from the discontinuation of certain promotional pricing for mobile broadband services and ongoing competitive activity in the marketplace.
branded postpaid mobile broadband net customer additions were 839,000 in 2014, compared to branded postpaid mobile broadband net customer additions of 68,000 in 2013. the significant increase was driven by strong customer response to promotions for mobile broadband services and devices.
branded prepaid net customer additions were 1,315,000 in 2015, compared to 1,244,000 in 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher gross customer additions driven by the success of our metropcs brand promotional activities and continued growth in expansion markets. included in the branded prepaid net customer additions were approximately 765,000 qualified branded prepaid customers upgrading to branded postpaid plans in 2015, compared to approximately 420,000 in 2014.
branded prepaid net customer additions were 1,244,000 in 2014, compared to 328,000 branded prepaid net customer additions, excluding customers of metropcs acquired as a result of the business combination, in 2013. the increase in customer development was attributable to higher branded prepaid gross customer additions due to the growth and expansion of the metropcs brand, including the launch into additional markets following the metropcs business combination in april 2013. this increase was offset, in part, by higher deactivations from the competitive environment in the prepaid market.
wholesale wholesale net customer additions were 2,439,000 in 2015, compared to 2,204,000 in 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher mvno gross customer additions, partially offset by higher mvno deactivations.
wholesale net customer additions were 2,204,000 in 2014, compared to wholesale net customer additions of 2,043,000 in 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to higher m2m gross customer additions resulting from strong activation volume, partially offset by a decrease in mvno net customer additions driven by higher churn. t-mobile offers its m2m customers innovative products and solutions to assist them in embracing the internet of things ("iot"). mvno customers continued to grow, although at a slower rate in 2014 than 2013. mvno partners often have relationships with multiple carriers and through steering their business towards carriers offering promotions, can impact specific carriers' results.
customers per account customers per account is calculated by dividing the number of branded postpaid customers as of the end of the period by the number of branded postpaid accounts as of the end of the period. an account may include branded postpaid phone and mobile broadband customers. we believe branded postpaid customers per account provides management with useful information to evaluate our branded postpaid customer base on a per account basis.
year ended december 31,
2015                                            2014                   2013
branded postpaid customers per account   2.54           2.36           2.18
branded postpaid customers per account were 2.54 as of december 31, 2015, compared to 2.36 as of december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily driven by service promotions targeting families and increased penetration of mobile broadband devices.
30
branded postpaid customers per account were 2.36 as of december 31, 2014, compared to 2.18 as of december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to an increase in the average number of branded postpaid phone customers per account resulting from promotions for services, including the "4 for $100" offer, and increased penetration of mobile broadband devices.
churn churn represents the number of customers whose service was disconnected as a percentage of the average number of customers during the specified period. the number of customers whose service was disconnected is presented net of customers that subsequently have their service restored. we believe that churn provides management with useful information to evaluate customer retention and loyalty.
year ended december 31,
2015                                  2014                   2013
branded postpaid phone churn   1.39   %       1.58    %      1.69    %
branded prepaid churn          4.45   %       4.76    %      5.37    %
branded postpaid phone churn was 1.39% in 2015, a 19 basis point improvement compared to 1.58% in 2014. the improvement in branded postpaid phone churn reflects ongoing improvements to network quality, customer service and the overall value of our offerings in the marketplace, resulting in increased customer satisfaction and loyalty.
branded postpaid phone churn was 1.58% in 2014, an 11 basis point improvement compared to 1.69% in 2013. the improvement in branded postpaid phone churn was impacted by the continued success of our un-carrier initiatives resulting in increased customer loyalty.
branded prepaid churn was 4.45% in 2015, compared to 4.76% in 2014. branded prepaid churn for 2015 was impacted by a methodology change during 2015 that had no impact on our reported branded prepaid ending customers or net customer additions, but resulted in computationally lower gross customer additions and deactivations. revision of prior periods was not practicable because certain historical data was no longer available.
branded prepaid churn was 4.76% in 2014, a 61 basis point improvement compared to 5.37% in 2013. the improvement was primarily due to the inclusion and growth of metropcs customers, which represent the largest portion of the branded prepaid customer base and historically have lower rates of churn than t-mobile branded prepaid customers.
average revenue per user, average billings per user, average revenue per account and average billings per account average revenue per user ("arpu") represents the average monthly service revenue earned from customers. we believe arpu provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to assess and evaluate our service revenue realization per customer and assist in forecasting our future service revenues generated from our customer base. branded postpaid phone arpu excludes mobile broadband customers and related revenues.
average billings per user ("abpu") represents the average monthly customer billings, including monthly lease revenues and eip billings, per customer. we believe branded postpaid abpu provides management, investors and analysts with useful information to evaluate average branded postpaid customer billings as it is indicative of estimated cash collections, including device financing payments, from our customers each month.
average revenue per account ("arpa") represents the average monthly branded postpaid service revenue earned per account. an account may include branded postpaid phone and mobile broadband customers.
average billings per account ("abpa") represents the average monthly branded postpaid customer billings, including monthly lease revenues and eip billings, per account.
to streamline the number of key performance metrics t-mobile discloses, we will discontinue reporting branded postpaid arpa and abpa after the fourth quarter of 2015.  going forward, we will continue reporting branded postpaid customers per account which may be used, along with our branded postpaid service revenues, to assess performance on a per account basis.
31
the following tables illustrate the calculation of arpu and abpu and reconcile these measures to the related service revenues, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure to arpu and abpu:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except average number of customers, arpu and abpu)                                                         2015   2014                  2013
calculation of branded postpaid phone arpu branded postpaid service revenues                                                                                $16,383               $14,392               $13,166
less: branded postpaid mobile broadband revenues                                                                    (588    )             (261    )             (169    )
branded postpaid phone service revenues                                                                          $15,795               $14,131               $12,997
divided by: average number of branded postpaid phone customers (in thousands) and number of months in period      27,604                23,817                20,424
branded postpaid phone arpu                                                                                       $47.68                $49.44                $53.03
calculation of branded postpaid abpu branded postpaid service revenues                                                                                $16,383               $14,392               $13,166
eip billings                                                                                                       5,494                 3,596                 1,471
lease revenues                                                                                                       224                     -                     -
total billings for branded postpaid customers                                                                    $22,101               $17,988               $14,637
divided by: average number of branded postpaid customers (in thousands) and number of months in period            29,341                24,683                20,858
branded postpaid abpu                                                                                             $62.77                $60.73                $58.48
calculation of branded prepaid arpu branded prepaid service revenues                                                                                  $7,553                $6,986                $4,945
divided by: average number of branded prepaid customers (in thousands) and number of months in period             16,704                15,691                11,913
branded prepaid arpu                                                                                              $37.68                $37.10                $34.59
the following tables illustrate the calculation of arpa and abpa and reconcile these measures to the related service revenues, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure to arpa and abpa:
year ended december 31,
(in millions, except average number of accounts, arpa and abpa)                                                   2015   2014                  2013
calculation of branded postpaid arpa branded postpaid service revenues                                                                         $16,383               $14,392               $13,166
divided by: average number of branded postpaid accounts (in thousands) and number of months in period      12,028                11,008                 9,638
branded postpaid arpa                                                                                     $113.50               $108.95               $113.84
calculation of branded postpaid abpa branded postpaid service revenues                                                                         $16,383               $14,392               $13,166
eip billings                                                                                                5,494                 3,596                 1,471
lease revenues                                                                                                224                     -                     -
total billings for branded postpaid customers                                                             $22,101               $17,988               $14,637
divided by: average number of branded postpaid accounts (in thousands) and number of months in period      12,028                11,008                 9,638
branded postpaid abpa                                                                                     $153.12               $136.17               $126.55
branded postpaid phone arpu and branded postpaid abpu:
branded postpaid phone arpu decreased $1.76, or 4%, for 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to dilution from the continued growth of customers on simple choice plans and promotions targeting families. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in regulatory program revenues.
branded postpaid phone arpu decreased $3.59, or 7%, for 2014, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to the continued growth of customers on simple choice plans, which have lower monthly service charges compared to traditional bundled plans, and promotions for services, including the "4 for $100" offer.
32
branded postpaid abpu increased $2.04, or 3%, for 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in devices financed by customers through the eip and jump! on demand programs, partially offset by lower branded postpaid phone arpu, as described above.
branded postpaid abpu increased $2.25, or 4%, for 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to growth in devices financed through eip, offset in part by lower branded postpaid phone arpu.
branded prepaid arpu:
branded prepaid arpu increased $0.58, or 2%, for 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the mix of branded prepaid customers choosing plans with more data, which generate a higher arpu, partially offset by dilution from growth of customers on rate plan promotions.
branded prepaid arpu increased $2.51, or 7%, for 2014, compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to the inclusion and growth of the metropcs customer base, which generate higher arpu than the rest of t-mobile's branded prepaid customers.
branded postpaid arpa and branded postpaid abpa:
branded postpaid arpa increased $4.55, or 4%, for 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to an increasing number of branded postpaid phone and mobile broadband customers per account and an increase in regulatory program revenues, partially offset by dilution from continued growth of customers on promotions targeting families.
branded postpaid arpa decreased $4.89, or 4%, for 2014, compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to the continued growth of customers on simple choice plans, which have lower monthly service charges compared to traditional bundled plans, and promotions for services, including the "4 for $100" offer.
branded postpaid abpa increased $16.95, or 12%, for 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to growth in devices financed by customers through the eip and jump! on demand programs and an increase in branded postpaid arpa, as described above.
branded postpaid abpa increased $9.62, or 8%, for 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was primarily due to growth in devices financed through eip, offset in part by lower branded postpaid arpa, as described above.
adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda represents earnings before interest expense (net of interest income), tax, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation and expenses not reflective of t-mobile's operating performance. adjusted ebitda margin represents adjusted ebitda divided by service revenues.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure utilized by our management to monitor the financial performance of our operations. we use adjusted ebitda internally as a metric to evaluate and compensate our personnel and management for their performance, and as a benchmark to evaluate our operating performance in comparison to our competitors. management believes analysts and investors use adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to evaluate overall operating performance and facilitate comparisons with other wireless communications companies because it is more indicative of our ongoing performance and trends by excluding certain expenses which are either nonrecurring or may not be indicative of our directly controllable operating results. adjusted ebitda has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income from operations, net income or any other measure of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap.
33
the following table illustrates the calculation of adjusted ebitda and reconciles adjusted ebitda to net income, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                          2015                  2014                  2013
net income                                        $733                  $247                   $35
adjustments:
interest expense                                 1,085                 1,073                   545
interest expense to affiliates                     411                   278                   678
interest income                                   (420    )             (359    )             (189    )
other expense (income), net                         11                    11                   (89    )
income tax expense                                 245                   166                    16
operating income                                 2,065                 1,416                   996
depreciation and amortization                    4,688                 4,412                 3,627
cost of metropcs business combination              376                   299                   108
stock-based compensation (1)                       222                   211                   100
gains on disposal of spectrum licenses (1)           -                  (720    )                -
other, net (1)                                      42                    18                    54
adjusted ebitda                                 $7,393                $5,636                $4,885
adjusted ebitda margin                              30    %               25    %               26    %
(1)   stock-based compensation includes payroll tax impacts and may not agree to stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated financial statements. gains on disposal of spectrum licenses and other, net transactions may not agree to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) primarily due to certain routine operating activities, such as routine spectrum license exchanges that would be expected to reoccur, and are therefore included in adjusted ebitda.
adjusted ebitda increased 31% for 2015, compared to 2014. adjusted ebitda benefited from increased branded postpaid and prepaid revenues driven by strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and the ongoing success of our promotional activities. additionally, adjusted ebitda was positively impacted by focused cost control and synergies realized from the metropcs business combination, especially in cost of services. decreased losses on equipment also contributed to the increase in adjusted ebitda primarily due to the impact of customers shifting to leasing devices with jump! on demand as the related costs are capitalized and depreciated over the lease term and are excluded from adjusted ebitda. in connection with jump! on demand, we had lease revenues of $224 million and depreciation expense of $312 million related to leased wireless devices in 2015. these increases were partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses.
adjusted ebitda increased 15% for 2014, compared to 2013. adjusted ebitda was positively impacted by increased branded postpaid revenues resulting from the continued success of our un-carrier value proposition and strong customer response to promotional activities, as well as the inclusion of metropcs operating results since the business combination in 2013, including branded prepaid revenue growth from expansion of the metropcs brand. this increase was partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and losses on equipment sales.
free cash flow free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities less payments for purchases of property and equipment. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure utilized by our management, investors and analysts of t-mobile's financial information to evaluate cash available to pay debt and provide further investment in the business.
the following table illustrates the calculation of free cash flow and reconciles free cash flow to net cash provided by operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable gaap financial measure:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2015   2014                  2013
net cash provided by operating activities      $5,414                $4,146                $3,545
cash purchases of property and equipment       (4,724    )           (4,317    )           (4,025    )
free cash flow                                   $690                 $(171    )            $(480    )
free cash flow increased $861 million for 2015, compared to 2014, and $309 million for 2014, compared to 2013. the increases were primarily due to higher net cash provided by operating activities resulting from total revenue growth in excess
34
of total operating expense growth, partially offset by higher purchases of property and equipment. see liquidity and capital resources for further information.
liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations, proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, common and preferred stock, the sale of certain receivables and financing arrangements of vendor payables which effectively extend payment terms. in addition, we maintain an unsecured revolving credit facility with deutsche telekom that allows for up to $500 million in borrowings.
as of december 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents were $4.6 billion and our short-term investments were $3.0 billion. we generated net cash provided by operating activities of $5.4 billion in 2015, compared to $4.1 billion in 2014 and $3.5 billion in 2013. as of december 31, 2015, our total debt was $26.3 billion, excluding our tower obligations as described note 9 - tower obligations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
the following were the primary changes in sources of liquidity in 2015:
•   we issued new senior notes to third parties in aggregate principal amounts of $2.0 billion and incurred $2.0 billion of senior secured term loans in the fourth quarter of 2015.
•   we entered into master lease agreements with certain partners, which provide us with the ability to enter into capital lease agreements for network equipment up to $750 million. in 2015, we entered into capital lease agreements of $470 million.
•   we introduced jump! on demand, which allows eligible customers the option to lease their devices over a period of up to 18 months. if the mix of devices financed through eip or leases continue to increase, device financing programs will continue to require a greater use of operating cash flows in the short term since cash collections are received over the eip or lease term.
•   as an additional source of liquidity, we entered into an $800 million arrangement to sell certain eip receivables on a revolving basis of which $150 million is scheduled to expire july 2016 and $650 million is scheduled to expire november 2017. see note 3 - sales of certain receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
we could seek additional sources of liquidity through the issuance of long-term debt in 2016 to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses in private party transactions and future fcc spectrum license auctions, including the broadcast incentive auction in 2016. in addition to the $4.0 billion in proceeds from the issuance of senior notes to third parties and senior secured term loans in 2015, we believe we have the capacity to raise an additional $6.0 billion in debt to fund such spectrum acquisitions, subject to market and other conditions, without adversely impacting our credit ratings. excluding any additional liquidity needed to acquire spectrum, we expect our principal sources of funding to be sufficient to meet our anticipated liquidity requirements in the next 12 months and intend to use our principal sources of funding for general corporate purposes, including capital investments other than spectrum licenses, and enhancing our financial flexibility.
we determine future liquidity requirements, for both operations and capital expenditures, based in large part upon projected financial and operating performance, and opportunities to acquire additional spectrum. we regularly review and update these projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape and other factors. there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our financial and operating results and capital requirements to differ materially from our projections, which could cause future liquidity to differ materially from our assessment.
the indentures and credit facilities governing our long-term debt to affiliates and third parties, excluding capital leases, contain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: incur more debt; pay dividends and make distributions on our common stock; make certain investments; repurchase stock; create liens or other encumbrances; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into transactions that restrict dividends or distributions from subsidiaries; and merge, consolidate, or sell, or otherwise dispose of, substantially all of their assets. certain provisions of each of the credit facilities, indentures and supplemental indentures relating to the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties restrict the ability of the issuer to loan funds or make payments to the parent. however, the issuer is allowed to make certain permitted payments to the parent under the terms of each of the credit facilities, indentures and supplemental indentures relating to the long-term debt to affiliates and third parties. we were in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants as of december 31, 2015.
35
capital expenditures our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure.
the property and equipment capital expenditures primarily relate to our network modernization, including the build out of lte 700 mhz a-block spectrum licenses. we expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.8 billion in 2016. this does not include property and equipment obtained through capital lease agreements, leased wireless devices transferred from inventory or purchases of spectrum licenses.
cash flows the following table summarizes the consolidated statements of cash flows:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2015   2014                  2013
net cash provided by operating activities      $5,414                $4,146                $3,545
net cash used in investing activities          (9,560    )           (7,246    )           (2,092    )
net cash provided by financing activities       3,413                 2,524                 4,044
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $5.4 billion in 2015, compared to $4.1 billion in 2014. cash provided by operating activities increased in 2015 primarily as a result of increased operating income from growth of branded postpaid and branded prepaid revenues partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative costs. additionally, proceeds from the sale of certain eip receivables contributed to the increase. this increase was partially offset by the timing of working capital payments and device financing through eip and the introduction of t-mobile's jump! on demand wireless device leasing program.
cash provided by operating activities was $4.1 billion in 2014, compared to $3.5 billion in 2013. the increase in cash flow provided by operating activities was driven by several factors. our operating income, exclusive of non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization and gains from spectrum license transactions, increased slightly compared to the prior year. this was primarily a result of increases in branded postpaid revenues due to our acceleration of customer growth partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative costs and losses on equipment sales. net changes in working capital increased slightly. this was primarily a result of increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to the timing of vendor payments and proceeds from the sales of certain service receivables related to the factoring arrangement. the increases in working capital were mostly offset by increases in eip receivables as a result of significant growth in devices financed through eip and increases in inventories.
investing activities cash used in investing activities was $9.6 billion in 2015, compared to $7.2 billion used in 2014. in 2015, cash used in investing activities consisted of purchases of property and equipment of $4.7 billion due primarily to the build out of our lte network, purchases of short-term investments of $3.0 billion and purchases of intangible assets of $1.9 billion primarily due to $1.4 billion of aws spectrum licenses acquired through the aws auction conducted by the fcc.
cash used in investing activities was $7.2 billion in 2014, compared to $2.1 billion used in 2013. in 2014, cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of purchases of property and equipment of $4.3 billion as a result of our network modernization and purchases of intangible assets of $2.9 billion due primarily to the acquisition of 700 mhz a-block spectrum licenses. in 2013, cash used in investing activities primarily consisted of purchases of property and equipment of $4.0 billion as a result of our network modernization. this was partially offset by cash and cash equivalents acquired in connection with the business combination with metropcs of $2.1 billion and the settlement of a short-term loan receivable, net with deutsche telekom of $300 million.
36
financing activities cash provided by financing activities was $3.4 billion in 2015, compared to $2.5 billion in 2014. in 2015, cash provided by financing activities consisted of proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $4.0 billion partially offset by net repayments of short-term debt of $564 million.
cash provided by financing activities was $2.5 billion in 2014, compared to $4.0 billion in 2013. the decrease was primarily due to higher repayments of long-term debt of $1.0 billion, lower net proceeds from the issuance of stock of $805 million, higher net repayments of short-term debt of $174 million and lower proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $110 million. the decrease was partially offset by higher net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $499 million.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and borrowings as of december 31, 2015 and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods:
(in millions)                                        less than 1 year           1 - 3 years           4 - 5 years           more than 5 years               total long-term debt (1)                                        $20                    $540                $6,040                   $18,600                 $25,200
interest on long-term debt                              1,559                   3,194                 2,860                     2,804                  10,417
capital lease obligations, including interest             199                     347                   184                       267                     997
tower obligations (2)                                     179                     360                   361                     1,315                   2,215
operating leases                                        2,379                   4,281                 3,579                     5,583                  15,822
purchase obligations (3)                                2,865                   3,922                 1,343                     1,304                   9,434
network decommissioning (4)                               129                     175                   109                        82                     495
total contractual obligations                          $7,330                 $12,819               $14,476                   $29,955                 $64,580
(1)   represents principal amounts of long-term debt to affiliates and third parties at maturity, excluding unamortized premium from purchase price allocation fair value adjustment, capital lease obligations and vendor financing arrangements. see note 8 - debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
(2)   future minimum payments, including principal and interest payments and imputed lease rental income, related to the tower obligations. see note 9 - tower obligations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
(3)   t-mobile calculated the minimum obligation for certain agreements to purchase goods or services based on termination fees that can be paid to exit the contract. termination penalties are included in the above table as payments due in less than one year, as this is the earliest t-mobile could exit these contracts. for certain contracts that include fixed volume purchase commitments and fixed prices for various products, the purchase obligations are calculated using fixed volumes and contractually fixed prices for the products that are expected to be purchased. this table does not include open purchase orders as of december 31, 2015 under normal business purposes. see note 13 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
(4)   represents future undiscounted cash flows related to decommissioned metropcs cdma network and certain other redundant cell sites as of december 31, 2015. see note 2 - business combination with metropcs of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
certain commitments and obligations are included in the table based on the year of required payment or an estimate of the year of payment. other long-term liabilities, excluding network decommissioning, have been omitted from the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of payments, combined with the absence of historical trending to be used as a predictor of such payments. in addition, because dividends on preferred stock are subject to approval by our board of directors, amounts are not included in the preceding table unless such authorization has occurred and the dividend has not been paid. see note 14 - additional financial information of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
the purchase obligations reflected in the table above are primarily commitments to purchase handsets and accessories, equipment, software, programming and network services, and marketing activities, which will be used or sold in the ordinary course of business. these amounts do not represent t-mobile's entire anticipated purchases in the future, but represent only those items for which t-mobile is contractually committed. where t-mobile is committed to make a minimum payment to the supplier regardless of whether it takes delivery, t-mobile has included only that minimum payment as a purchase obligation. additionally, included within purchase obligations are amounts for the acquisition of spectrum licenses, which are subject to regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions.
37
off-balance sheet arrangements in the fourth quarter of 2015, we entered into an arrangement to sell certain eip accounts receivable on a revolving basis through november 2017 as an additional source of liquidity. in 2014, we entered into an arrangement, as amended, to sell certain service accounts receivable on a revolving basis through march 2017 as an additional source of liquidity. as of december 31, 2015, t-mobile derecognized net receivables of $1.9 billion upon sale through these arrangements.  see note 3 - sales of certain receivables of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
related party transactions see note 14 - additional financial information of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding related party transactions.
disclosure of iranian activities under section 13(r) of the securities exchange act of 1934
section 219 of the iran threat reduction and syria human rights act of 2012 added section 13(r) to the exchange act of 1934, as amended ("exchange act").  section 13(r) requires an issuer to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to iran or with designated natural persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.  disclosure is required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted outside the u.s. by non-u.s. affiliates in compliance with applicable law, and whether or not the activities are sanctionable under u.s. law.
as of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing by us or any of our affiliates in 2015 that requires disclosure in this report under section 13(r) of the exchange act, except as set forth below with respect to affiliates that we do not control and that are our affiliates solely due to their common control with deutsche telekom. we have relied upon deutsche telekom for information regarding their activities, transactions and dealings.
deutsche telekom, through certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, is party to roaming and interconnect agreements with the following mobile and fixed line telecommunication providers in iran, some of which are or may be government-controlled entities: gostaresh ertebatat taliya, irancell telecommunications services company ("mtn irancell"), telecommunication kish company, mobile telecommunication company of iran, and telecommunication infrastructure company of iran. in 2015, gross revenues of all deutsche telekom affiliates generated by roaming and interconnection traffic with iran were less than $1 million and estimated net profits were less than $1 million.
in addition, deutsche telekom, through certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, operating a fixed line network in their respective european home countries (in particular germany), provides telecommunications services in the ordinary course of business to the embassy of iran in those european countries. gross revenues and net profits recorded from these activities in 2015 were less than $0.1 million. we understand that deutsche telekom intends to continue these activities.
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial condition and results as they require the use of estimates and assumptions which affect the financial statements and accompanying notes. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information.
these policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. these estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ from those estimates.
allowances we maintain an allowance for estimated losses inherent in the accounts receivable portfolio. when determining the allowance, we consider a number of factors, including historical experience and current collection trends, aging of the receivable portfolio, credit quality of the customer base and other qualitative factors such as macro-economic conditions.
credit collection risks are assessed for each type of receivable, such as eip receivables, based upon historical and expected write-offs, net of recoveries, and an analysis of the aged accounts receivable balances with reserves generally increasing as the
38
receivable ages. to the extent that actual loss experience differs significantly from historical trends or assumptions, the required allowance amounts could differ from the estimate. we write off account balances if collection efforts are unsuccessful and the receivable balance is deemed uncollectible, based on customer credit ratings and the length of time from the original billing date.
we offer certain retail customers the option to pay for devices and other accessories in installments using an eip. at the time of an installment sale, we impute a discount for interest as there is no stated rate of interest on the eip receivables and record the eip receivables at their present value, which is determined by discounting future payments at the imputed interest rate. the difference between the present value of the eip receivables and their face amount results in a discount which is recorded as a direct reduction to the carrying value with a corresponding reduction to equipment revenues. we determine the imputed discount rate based primarily on current market interest rates and the amount of expected credit losses on the eip receivables. as a result, we do not recognize a separate valuation allowance at the time of issuance as the effects of uncertainty about future cash flows are included in the initial present value measurement of the receivable. the imputed discount on eip receivables is amortized over the financed installment term using the effective interest method and recognized as interest income in other income (expense), net.
subsequent to the initial determination of the imputed discount, we assess the need for and, if necessary, recognize an allowance for credit losses to the extent the amount of estimated probable losses on the gross eip receivables exceed the remaining unamortized imputed discount balances.
total imputed discount and allowances as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately 8.2% and 7.4%, respectively, of the total amount of gross accounts receivable, including eip receivables.
depreciation depreciation commences once assets have been placed in service and is generally computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset. leased wireless devices are depreciated to their estimated residual value over the period expected to provide utility to t-mobile, which is generally the lease term. depreciable life studies are performed periodically to confirm the appropriateness of depreciable lives for certain categories of property, plant and equipment. these studies take into account actual usage, physical wear and tear, replacement history, assumptions about technology evolution and expected loss of leased wireless devices. when these factors indicate that an asset's useful life is different from the previous assessment, the remaining book values are depreciated prospectively over the adjusted remaining estimated useful life. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 5 - property and equipment of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding depreciation of assets, including management's underlying estimates of useful lives.
evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment we assess the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets (spectrum licenses) for potential impairment annually as of december 31 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired.
we may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. if we do not perform a qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not the fair value of the single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill is tested for impairment based on a two-step test. in the first step, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. the fair value of the reporting unit is determined using a market approach, which is based on market capitalization. we recognize market capitalization is subject to volatility and will monitor changes in market capitalization to determine whether declines, if any, necessitate an interim impairment review. in the event market capitalization does decline below its book value, we will consider the length, severity and reasons for the decline when assessing whether potential impairment exists, including considering whether a control premium should be added to the market capitalization. we believe short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value. prior to the business combination, we estimated the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow approach due to the absence of comparable observable market data.  the discounted cash flow method utilizes future cash flow assumptions based on estimates of revenues, ebitda margin and a long-term growth rate taking into consideration expected industry and market conditions. the cash flows are then discounted using a weighted average cost of capital reflecting the risks associated with the business and the projected cash flows. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, the second step of the test is performed.
39
in the second step, we determine the fair values of all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including those that currently may not be recorded. the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the sum of the fair value of all of those assets and liabilities represents the implied goodwill amount. if the implied fair value of goodwill is lower than the carrying amount of goodwill, then an impairment loss is recognized for the difference.
we test spectrum licenses for impairment on an aggregate basis, consistent with the management of the overall business at a national level. we may elect to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an intangible asset group is less than its carrying value. if we do not perform the qualitative assessment, or if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not the fair value of the intangible asset group is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the estimated fair value of the intangible asset group. if the carrying amount of spectrum licenses exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized.  we estimate the fair value of the spectrum licenses using the greenfield approach, which is an income approach that estimates the price at which an orderly transaction to sell the asset would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. the greenfield approach values the spectrum licenses by calculating the cash flow generating potential of a hypothetical start-up company that goes into business with no assets except the asset to be valued (in this case, spectrum licenses). the value of the spectrum licenses can be considered as equal to the present value of the cash flows of this hypothetical start-up company. we base the assumptions underlying the greenfield approach on a combination of market participant data and our historical results, trends and business plans. future cash flows in the greenfield approach are based on estimates and assumptions of market participant revenues, ebitda margin, network build-out period and a long-term growth rate for a market participant. the cash flows are discounted using a weighted average cost of capital.
the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results or future expectations are not consistent with the assumptions, this may result in the recording of significant impairment charges on goodwill or spectrum licenses. the most significant assumptions within the valuation models are the discount rate, revenues, ebitda margins and the long-term growth rate. see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies and note 6 - goodwill, spectrum licenses and other intangible assets of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding our annual impairment test and impairment charges.
guarantee liabilities in 2013, we introduced a handset upgrade program, jump!, which provides enrolled customers a specified-price trade-in right to upgrade their device. participating customers must purchase a device from us, have a qualifying monthly wireless service plan with us, and finance their handset using our eip, which is treated as a single multiple-element arrangement when entered into at or near the same time. upon qualifying jump! program upgrades, the customers' remaining eip balance is settled provided they trade in their eligible used device in good working condition and purchase a new handset from us on a new eip.
for customers who enroll in the trade-in program, we defer a portion of revenue which represents the estimated value of the specified-price trade-in right guarantee. the guarantee liabilities are valued based on various economic and customer behavioral assumptions, which require judgment, including the customer's estimated remaining eip balance at trade-in, the expected fair value of the used device at trade-in, and probability and timing of trade-in. when the customer upgrades their device, the difference between the trade-in credit to the customer and the fair value of the returned handset is recorded against the guarantee liabilities. all assumptions are reviewed periodically.
rent expense most of the leases on our tower sites have fixed rent escalations which provide for periodic increases in the amount of rent payable over time. we calculate straight-line rent expense for each of these leases based on the fixed non-cancellable term of the lease plus all periods, if any, for which failure to renew the lease imposes a penalty on us in such amount that a renewal appears, at lease inception or significant modification, to be reasonably assured. we make significant assumptions at lease inception in determining and assessing the factors that constitute a "penalty." in doing so, we primarily consider costs incurred in acquiring and developing new sites, the useful life of site improvements and equipment costs, future economic conditions and the extent to which improvements in wireless technologies can be incorporated into a current assessment of whether an economic compulsion will exist in the future to renew a lease.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when these differences are realized. a valuation allowance
40
is maintained against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character and in the appropriate taxing jurisdictions within the carryforward periods available. we consider many factors when determining whether a valuation allowance is needed, including recent cumulative earnings experience by taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future income, the carryforward periods available for tax reporting purposes and other relevant factors.
we account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in accordance with the accounting guidance on the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. we assess whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position and adjust the unrecognized tax benefits in light of changes in facts and circumstances, such as changes in tax law, interactions with taxing authorities and developments in case law.
recently issued accounting standards see note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding recently issued accounting standards.