item 1a. risk factors cautionary statements the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this annual report on form 10-k include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 (pslra). when used in this annual report on form 10-k and in future filings by us with the sec, in our news releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, and in oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers, the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "forecast," "outlook," "plan," "project," "should" or similar words or phrases are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are intended to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this report and, except as required by law; we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances, including unanticipated events, after the date of this report.
the following discussion contains cautionary statements regarding our business that investors and others should consider. we do not undertake to address in future filings or communications regarding our business or results of operations how any of these factors may have caused our results to differ from discussions or information contained in previous filings or communications. in addition, any of the matters discussed below may have affected past, as well as current, forward-looking statements about future results. any or all forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k and in any other public filings or statements we make may turn out to be wrong. our forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. many factors discussed below will be important in determining our future results. by their nature, forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify.
if we fail to estimate, price for and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our risk-based products and services could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our risk-based benefit products, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs for our customers in return for monthly premiums. premium revenues from risk-based benefits products comprise over 80% of our total consolidated revenues. we generally use approximately 80% to 85% of our premium revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to these customers. the profitability of our products depends in large part on our ability to predict, price for, and effectively manage medical costs. in this regard, federal and state regulatory requirements obligate our commercial, medicare advantage and certain state-based medicaid health plans to maintain minimum mlrs, which could make it more difficult for us to obtain price increases for our products. in addition, our optumcare business negotiates capitation arrangements with commercial third-party payers. under the typical capitation arrangement, the health care provider receives a fixed percentage of a third-party payer's premiums to cover all or a defined portion of the medical costs provided to the capitated member. if we fail to predict accurately, price for or manage the costs of providing care to our capitated members, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and care management programs. total medical costs are affected by the number of individual services rendered, the cost of each service and the type of service rendered. our premium revenue on commercial policies is typically at a fixed monthly rate per individual served for a 12-month period and is generally priced one to six months before the contract commences. our revenue on medicare policies is based on bids submitted in june the year before the contract year. although we base the premiums we charge and our medicare bids on our estimates of future medical costs over the fixed contract period, many factors may cause actual costs to exceed those estimated and reflected in premiums or bids. these factors may include medical cost inflation, increased use of services, increased cost of individual services, natural catastrophes or other large-scale medical emergencies, epidemics, the introduction of new or costly drugs, treatments and technology, new mandated benefits (such as the expansion of essential benefits coverage) or other regulatory changes and insured population characteristics. relatively small differences
14
between predicted and actual medical costs or utilization rates as a percentage of revenues can result in significant changes in our financial results. for example, if our 2015 medical costs for commercial insured products were 1% higher, without proportionally higher revenues from such products, our annual net earnings for 2015 would have been reduced by approximately $210 million, excluding any offsetting impact from reduced premium rebates due to minimum mlrs.
in addition, the financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding. these estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. if these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could materially and adversely affect our business.
we are regulated by federal, state and local governments in the united states and other countries where we do business. our insurance and hmo subsidiaries must be licensed by and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they conduct business. for example, states require periodic financial reports and enforce minimum capital or restricted cash reserve requirements. health plans and insurance companies are also regulated under state insurance holding company regulations and some of our activities may be subject to other health care-related regulations and requirements, including those relating to ppos, mcos, ur and tpa-related regulations and licensure requirements. some of our unitedhealthcare and optum businesses hold or provide services related to government contracts and are subject to u.s. federal and state and non-u.s. self-referral, anti-kickback, medical necessity, risk adjustment, false claims and other laws and regulations governing government contractors and the use of government funds. in addition, under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies (including state insurance cooperatives) that write the same line or similar lines of business. any such assessment could expose our insurance entities and other insurers to the risk of paying a portion of an impaired or insolvent insurance company's claims through state guaranty association assessments.
certain of our businesses provide products or services to various government agencies. our relationships with these government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. among others, certain laws and regulations restrict or prohibit companies from performing work for government agencies that might be viewed as an actual or potential conflict of interest. these laws may limit our ability to pursue and perform certain types of work, thereby materially and adversely affecting our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our optum businesses are also subject to regulations, which are distinct from those faced by our insurance and hmo subsidiaries, including, for example, state telemedicine regulations, debt collection laws, banking regulations, distributor and producer licensing requirements, state corporate practice of medicine doctrines, fee-splitting rules, health care facility licensure and certificate of need requirements, some of which could impact our relationships with physicians, hospitals and customers. these risks and uncertainties may materially and adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted margins, or may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate.
the laws and rules governing our business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to frequent change, and the integration into our businesses of entities that we acquire may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. the broad latitude given to the agencies administering, interpreting and enforcing current and future regulations governing our business could force us to change how we do business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation and other actions.
we must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, increase prices for certain regulated products and services and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. for example, premium rates for our health insurance and managed care products are subject to regulatory review or approval in many states and by the federal government. additionally, we must submit data on all proposed rate increases to hhs for monitoring purposes on many of our products. geographic and product expansions may be subject to state and federal regulatory approvals. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or our failure to obtain or maintain adequate approvals could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our businesses operate internationally and are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or conduct business. these regulatory regimes encompass, among other matters, local and cross-border taxation, licensing, tariffs, intellectual property, investment, capital (including minimum solvency margin and reserve requirements), management control, labor, anti-fraud, anti-corruption and privacy and data protection regulations (including requirements for cross-border data transfers) that vary by jurisdiction. we currently operate outside of the united states and in the future may acquire or commence additional businesses based outside of the united states, increasing our exposure to non-u.s. regulatory regimes. for example, our amil business subjects us to brazilian laws and regulations affecting the managed care and to
15
insurance industries and regulation by brazilian regulators, including the national regulatory agency for private health insurance and plans, the agência nacional de saúde suplementar, whose approach to the interpretation, implementation and enforcement of industry regulations could differ from the approach taken by u.s. regulators. in addition, our non-u.s. businesses and operations are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the fcpa, which prohibits offering, promising, providing or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage. our failure to comply with u.s. or non-u.s. laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to establish constructive relations with non-u.s. regulators could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, or to do so at targeted operating margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the health care industry is also regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate surrounding industry regulation, such as health reform legislation and associated exchanges. negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
health reform legislation could materially and adversely affect the manner in which we conduct business and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
due to its complexity, ongoing implementation and continued legal challenges, health reform legislation's full impact remains difficult to predict and could adversely affect us. for example, health reform legislation includes specific reforms for the individual and small group marketplace, including guaranteed availability of coverage, adjusted community rating requirements (which include elimination of health status and gender rating factors), essential health benefit requirements (resulting in benefit changes for many members) and actuarial value requirements resulting in expanded benefits or reduced member cost sharing (or a combination of both) for many policyholders. in addition, if we do not maintain certain minimum loss ratios, we are required to rebate ratable portions of our premiums to our customers. these changes can cause significant disruptions in local health care markets and adjustments to our business, all of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
health reform legislation required the establishment of health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers and requires insurers participating on the health insurance exchanges to offer a minimum level of benefits and includes guidelines on setting premium rates and coverage limitations. while risk adjustment applies to most individual and small group plans in the commercial markets, actual risk adjustment calculations and transfers could materially differ from our assumptions. our participation in these exchanges involves uncertainties associated with mix and volume of business and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if the number of individuals who gain coverage under health reform legislation varies from our expectations, if the demand for health reform legislation related products and capabilities offered by our optum businesses is less than anticipated or if our costs are greater than anticipated. for a discussion of individual exchange-compliant products, see part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
as a result of our participation in various government health care programs, both as a payer and as a service provider to payers, we are exposed to additional risks associated with program funding, enrollments, payment adjustments, audits and government investigations that could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we participate in various federal, state and local government health care benefit programs, including as a payer in medicare advantage, medicare part d, various medicaid programs, chip and our tricare contract with the dod, and receive substantial revenues from these programs. certain of our optum businesses also provide services to payers participating in government health care programs. a reduction or less than expected increase, or a protracted delay, in government funding for these programs or change in allocation methodologies, or, as is a typical feature of many government contracts, termination of the contract at the option of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the government health care programs in which we participate generally are subject to frequent changes, including changes that may reduce the number of persons enrolled or eligible for coverage, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, reduce our participation in certain service areas or markets, or increase our administrative or medical costs under such programs. revenues for these programs depend on periodic funding from the federal government or applicable state governments and allocation of the funding through various payment mechanisms. funding for these government programs depends on many factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions and budgetary constraints at the federal or applicable state level. for example cms has in the past reduced or frozen medicare advantage benchmarks, and additional cuts to medicare advantage benchmarks are possible. in addition, from time to time, cms makes changes to the way it calculates medicare advantage risk adjustment payments. although we have adjusted members' benefits and premiums on a selective basis, ceased to offer benefit plans in certain counties, and intensified both our medical and operating cost
16
management in response to the benchmark reductions and other funding pressures, these or other strategies may not fully address the funding pressures in the medicare advantage program. in addition, payers in the medicare advantage program may be subject to reductions in payments from cms as a result of decreased funding or recoupment pursuant to government audit.
under the medicaid managed care program, state medicaid agencies seek bids from eligible health plans to continue their participation in the acute care medicaid health programs. if we are not successful in obtaining renewals of state medicaid managed care contracts, we risk losing the members that were enrolled in those medicaid plans. under the medicare part d program, to qualify for automatic enrollment of low income members, our bids must result in an enrollee premium below a regional benchmark, which is calculated by the government after all regional bids are submitted. if the enrollee premium is not below the government benchmark, we risk losing the members who were auto-assigned to us and will not have additional members auto-assigned to us. in general, our bids are based upon certain assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs and other factors. in the event any of these assumptions is materially incorrect, either as a result of unforeseen changes to the programs on which we bid, or submission by our competitors at lower rates than our bids, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
many of the government health care coverage programs in which we participate are subject to the prior satisfaction of certain conditions or performance standards or benchmarks. for example, as part of health reform legislation, cms has a system that provides various quality bonus payments to plans that meet certain quality star ratings at the local plan level. the star rating system considers various measures adopted by cms, including, among other things, quality of care, preventative services, chronic illness management and customer satisfaction. plans must have a rating of four stars or higher to qualify for bonus payments. if we do not maintain or continue to improve our star ratings, our plans may not be eligible for quality bonuses and we may experience a negative impact on our revenues and the benefits that our plans can offer, which could materially and adversely affect our membership levels, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, under health reform legislation, congress authorized cms and the states to implement mmp managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. health plan participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval of specified care delivery models and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. any changes in standards or care delivery models that apply to government health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and the mmp demonstration programs for dually eligible beneficiaries, or our inability to improve our quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
cms uses various payment mechanisms to allocate funding for medicare programs, including adjusting monthly capitation payments to medicare advantage plans and medicare part d plans according to the predicted health status of each beneficiary as supported by data from health care providers for medicare advantage plans, as well as, for medicare part d plans, risk-sharing provisions based on a comparison of costs predicted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs. some state medicaid programs utilize a similar process. for example, our unitedhealthcare medicare & retirement and unitedhealthcare community & state businesses submit information relating to the health status of enrollees to cms or state agencies for purposes of determining the amount of certain payments to us. cms and the office of inspector general for hhs periodically perform risk adjustment data validation (radv) audits of selected medicare health plans to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers, and certain of our local plans have been selected for audit. such audits have in the past resulted and could in the future result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to our health plans, fines, corrective action plans or other adverse action by cms.
we have been and may in the future become involved in routine, regular and special governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments. certain of our businesses have been reviewed or are currently under review, including for compliance with coding and other requirements under the medicare risk-adjustment model, our chart review programs and related processes. such investigations, audits or reviews sometimes arise out of or prompt claims by private litigants or whistleblowers that, among other allegations, we failed to disclose certain business practices or, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government. governmental investigations, audits, reviews and assessments could lead to government actions, which could result in the assessment of damages, civil or criminal fines or penalties, or other sanctions, including restrictions or changes in the way we conduct business, loss of licensure or exclusion from participation in government programs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, protection, use, transmission, disclosure and disposal of sensitive personal information are regulated at the federal, state, international and industry levels and requirements are imposed on us by contracts with customers. these laws, rules and requirements are subject to change. compliance with new privacy and security laws,
17
regulations and requirements may result in increased operating costs, and may constrain or require us to alter our business model or operations. for example, the hitech amendments to hipaa imposed further restrictions on our ability to collect, disclose and use sensitive personal information and imposed additional compliance requirements on our business. while we transitioned to icd-10 as a hipaa-regulated entity, providers may use icd-10 codes differently than they used icd-9 codes in the past, which could result in lost revenues under risk adjustment or increased medical costs for full-risk health insurance products.
many of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities.
hipaa requires business associates as well as covered entities to comply with certain privacy and security requirements. while we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts with our third-party service providers and in certain cases assess their security controls, we have limited oversight or control over their actions and practices. several of our businesses act as business associates to their covered entity customers and, as a result, collect, use, disclose and maintain sensitive personal information in order to provide services to these customers. hhs has announced that it will continue its audit program to assess hipaa compliance efforts by covered entities and expand it to include business associates. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
through our optum businesses, including our optum labs business, we maintain a database of administrative and clinical data that is statistically de-identified in accordance with hipaa standards. noncompliance or findings of noncompliance with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, or the occurrence of any privacy or security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive personal information, whether by us or by one of our third-party service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business, including mandatory disclosure to the media, loss of existing or new customers, significant increases in the cost of managing and remediating privacy or security incidents and material fines, penalties and litigation awards, among other consequences, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our businesses providing pharmacy care services face regulatory and operational risks and uncertainties that may differ from the risks of our other businesses.
we provide pharmacy care services through our optumrx and unitedhealthcare businesses. each business is subject to federal and state anti-kickback and other laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. optumrx also conducts business through home delivery and specialty pharmacies, which subjects it to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those of the u.s. drug enforcement administration and individual state controlled substance authorities. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including potential new regulations regarding the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, the use of average wholesale prices or other pricing benchmarks, pricing for specialty pharmaceuticals and pharmacy network reimbursement methodologies.
our pharmacy care services businesses would be materially and adversely affected by our inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, and could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our home delivery or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products. disruptions at any of our home delivery or specialty pharmacies due to an accident or an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, our pharmacy care services businesses provide services to sponsors of health benefit plans that are subject to erisa. a private party or the dol, which is the agency that enforces erisa, could assert that the fiduciary obligations imposed by the statute apply to some or all of the services provided by our pharmacy care services businesses even where our pharmacy care services businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations. in the event a court were to determine that fiduciary obligations apply to our pharmacy care services businesses in connection with services for which our pharmacy care services businesses are not contractually obligated to assume fiduciary obligations, we could be subject to claims for breaches of fiduciary obligations or claims that we entered into certain prohibited transactions.
if we fail to compete effectively to maintain or increase our market share, including maintaining or increasing enrollments in businesses providing health benefits, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our businesses compete throughout the united states, brazil and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. in particular markets, our competitors, compared to us, may have greater capabilities, resources or market share; a more established reputation; superior supplier or health care professional
18
arrangements; better existing business relationships; lower profit margin or financial return expectations; or other factors that give such competitors a competitive advantage. in addition, our competitive position may be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity that has occurred in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers (including hospitals, physician groups and other care professionals). consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. additionally, new direct-to-consumer business models from competing businesses may make it more difficult for us to directly engage consumers in the selection and management of their health care benefits, health care usage, and in the effective navigation of the health care system we may be challenged by new technologies and market entrants that could disrupt our existing relationship with health plan enrollees in these areas. our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets, if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if we are unable to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our customers, if we do not provide a satisfactory level of services, if membership or demand for other services does not increase as we expect or declines, or if we lose accounts with more profitable products while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with less profitable products.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals and other service providers, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our results of operations and prospects are substantially dependent on our continued ability to contract with physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and other service providers at competitive prices. any failure to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers, whether in-network or out-of-network, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain activities related to network design, provider participation in networks and provider payments could result in disputes that may be costly, distract managements' attention and result in negative publicity.
in any particular market, physicians and health care providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs, less desirable products for customers or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, certain health care providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations; practice management companies (which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency); and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other care providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of physicians may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
we have capitation arrangements with some physicians, hospitals and other health care providers. capitation arrangements limit our exposure to the risk of increasing medical costs, but expose us to risk related to the adequacy of the financial and medical care resources of the health care provider. to the extent that a capitated health care provider organization faces financial difficulties or otherwise is unable to perform its obligations under the capitation arrangement, we may be held responsible for unpaid health care claims that should have been the responsibility of the capitated health care provider and for which we have already paid the provider, under the capitation arrangement. further, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts could result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. health care providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
some providers that render services to our members do not have contracts with us. in those cases, we do not have a pre-established understanding about the amount of compensation that is due to the provider for services rendered to our members. in some states, the amount of compensation due to these out-of-network providers is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances, the amount is either not defined or is established by a standard that does not clearly specify dollar terms. in some instances, providers may believe that they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with us or try to recover from our members the difference between what we have paid them and the amount they charged us.
the success of certain businesses, including optumcare and amil, depend on maintaining satisfactory physician employment relationships. the primary care physicians that practice medicine or contract with our affiliated physician organizations could terminate their provider contracts or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with us. there is and will likely be heightened competition in the markets where we operate to acquire or manage physician practices or to employ or contract with individual physicians. if we are unable to maintain or grow satisfactory relationships
19
with primary care physicians, or to acquire, recruit or, in some instances, employ physicians, or to retain enrollees following the departure of a physician, our revenues could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our affiliated physician organizations contract with health insurance and hmo competitors of unitedhealthcare. our business could suffer if our affiliated physician organizations fail to maintain relationships with these health insurance or hmo companies, or adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers.
in addition, physicians, hospitals, pharmaceutical benefit service providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and certain health care providers are customers of our optum businesses. given the importance of health care providers and other constituents to our businesses, failure to maintain satisfactory relationships with them could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we are routinely made party to a variety of legal actions related to, among other matters, the design, management and delivery of our product and service offerings. these matters have included or could in the future include matters related to health care benefits coverage and payment claims (including disputes with enrollees, customers and contracted and non-contracted physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals), tort claims (including claims related to the delivery of health care services, such as medical malpractice by health care practitioners who are employed by us, have contractual relationships with us, or serve as providers to our managed care networks), whistleblower claims (including claims under the false claims act or similar statutes), contract and labor disputes, tax claims and claims related to disclosure of certain business practices. we are also party to certain class action lawsuits brought by health care professional groups and consumers. in addition, we operate in jurisdictions outside of the united states, where contractual rights, tax positions and applicable regulations may be subject to interpretation or uncertainty to a greater degree than in the united states, and therefore subject to dispute by customers, government authorities or others. we are largely self-insured with regard to litigation risks. although we maintain excess liability insurance with outside insurance carriers for claims in excess of our self-insurance, certain types of damages, such as punitive damages in some circumstances, are not covered by insurance. although we record liabilities for our estimates of the probable costs resulting from self-insured matters, it is possible that the level of actual losses will significantly exceed the liabilities recorded.
we cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved and are incurring expenses in resolving these matters. the legal actions we face or may face in the future could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, certain legal actions could result in adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation and materially and adversely affect our ability to retain our current business or grow our market share in some markets and businesses.
any failure by us to manage successfully our strategic alliances or complete, manage or integrate acquisitions and other significant strategic transactions or relationships could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions. for example, we have a strategic alliance with aarp under which we provide aarp-branded medicare supplement insurance to aarp members and other aarp-branded products and services to medicare beneficiaries. if we fail to meet the needs of our alliance or joint venture partners, including by developing additional products and services, providing high levels of service, pricing our products and services competitively or responding effectively to applicable federal and state regulatory changes, our alliances and joint ventures could be damaged or terminated, which in turn could adversely impact our reputation, business and results of operations. further, if we fail to identify and successfully complete transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. success in completing acquisitions is also dependent upon efficiently integrating the acquired business into our existing operations, including our internal control environment, or otherwise leveraging its operations, which may present challenges that are different from those presented by organic growth and that may be difficult for us to manage. if we cannot successfully integrate these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue growth opportunities and cost savings, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as we expand and operate our business outside of the united states, we are presented with challenges that differ from those presented by acquisitions of domestic businesses, including challenges in adapting to new markets, business, labor and cultural practices and regulatory environments. adapting to these challenges could require us to devote significant senior management and other resources to the acquired businesses before we realize anticipated synergies or other benefits from the acquired
20
businesses. these challenges vary widely by country and may include political instability, government intervention, discriminatory regulation and currency exchange controls or other restrictions that could prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which our acquired businesses operate or converting local currencies that we hold into u.s. dollars or other currencies. if we are unable to manage successfully our non-u.s. acquisitions, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial position could be materially and adversely affected.
foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our equity from period to period, which could adversely affect our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio, and our future revenues, costs and cash flows from international operations. any measures we may implement to reduce the effect of volatile currencies may be costly or ineffective.
our sales performance will suffer if we do not adequately attract, retain and provide support to a network of independent producers and consultants.
our products and services are sold in part through independent producers and consultants with whom we do not have exclusive contracts and for whose services and allegiance we must compete intensely. our sales would be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to attract, retain and support such independent producers and consultants or if our sales strategy is not appropriately aligned across distribution channels. our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commissions.
a number of investigations have been conducted regarding the marketing practices of producers selling health care products and the payments they receive and have resulted in enforcement actions against companies in our industry and producers marketing and selling those companies' products. these investigations and enforcement actions could result in penalties and the imposition of corrective action plans, which could materially and adversely impact our ability to market our products.
unfavorable economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues and our results of operations.
unfavorable economic conditions may impact demand for certain of our products and services. for example, high unemployment can cause lower enrollment or lower rates of renewal in our employer group plans. unfavorable economic conditions have also caused and could continue to cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact our ability to increase premiums or result in the cancellation by certain customers of our products and services. these conditions could lead to a decrease in our membership levels and premium and fee revenues and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
during a prolonged unfavorable economic environment, state and federal budgets could be materially and adversely affected, resulting in reduced reimbursements or payments in our federal and state government health care coverage programs, including medicare, medicaid and chip. a reduction in state medicaid reimbursement rates could be implemented retrospectively to apply to payments already negotiated or received from the government and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, state and federal budgetary pressures could cause the affected governments to impose new or a higher level of taxes or assessments for our commercial programs, such as premium taxes on insurance companies and hmos and surcharges or fees on select fee-for-service and capitated medical claims. any of these developments or actions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
a prolonged unfavorable economic environment also could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers, which could materially and adversely affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs or materially and adversely affect their ability to purchase our service offerings. further, unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact the customers of our optum businesses, including health plans, hmos, hospitals, care providers, employers and others, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect optum's financial results.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
market fluctuations could impair our profitability and capital position. volatility in interest rates affects our interest income and the market value of our investments in debt securities of varying maturities, which constitute the vast majority of the fair value of our investments as of december 31, 2015. relatively low interest rates on investments, such as those experienced during recent years, have adversely impacted our investment income, and the continuation of the current low interest rate environment could further adversely affect our investment income. in addition, a delay in payment of principal or interest by issuers, or defaults by issuers (primarily from investments in corporate and municipal bonds), could reduce our investment income and require us to write down the value of our investments, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and equity.
there can be no assurance that our investments will produce total positive returns or that we will not sell investments at prices that are less than their carrying values. changes in the value of our investment assets, as a result of interest rate fluctuations, changes in issuer financial conditions, illiquidity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our equity. in addition, if it
21
became necessary for us to liquidate our investment portfolio on an accelerated basis, such an action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the capital position of regulated subsidiaries.
if the value of our intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations, equity and credit ratings could be materially and adversely affected.
as of december 31, 2015, goodwill and other intangible assets had a carrying value of $53 billion, representing 47% of our total consolidated assets. we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. the value of our goodwill may be materially and adversely impacted if businesses that we acquire perform in a manner that is inconsistent with our assumptions. in addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets. any future evaluations requiring an impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. a material decrease in equity could, in turn, adversely impact our credit ratings and potentially impact our compliance with the covenants in our bank credit facilities.
if we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. we periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions. in addition, recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals, become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences. our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
certain of our businesses sell and install software products that may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. connectivity among competing technologies is becoming increasingly important in the health care industry. a failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
uncertain and rapidly evolving u.s. federal and state, non-u.s. and international laws and regulations related to the health information technology market may present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market.
if we sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents, that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences.
we routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third-parties. some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the united states due to our information technology systems and international business operations. we may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. they also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. our facilities may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or
22
theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; misplaced or lost data; human errors; or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our and our customer's data.
the costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about us or our customers or other third-parties, could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
if we are not able to protect our proprietary rights to our databases, software and related products, our ability to market our knowledge and information-related businesses could be hindered and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, and our trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and patents to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, and we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this industry segment grows. such litigation and misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our regulated subsidiaries could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations. many of these subsidiaries are regulated by departments of insurance or similar regulatory authorities. we are also required by law or regulation to maintain specific prescribed minimum amounts of capital in these subsidiaries. the levels of capitalization required depend primarily upon the volume of premium revenues generated by the applicable subsidiary. in most states, we are required to seek prior approval by state regulatory authorities before we transfer money or pay dividends from our regulated subsidiaries that exceed specified amounts. an inability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends to their parent companies in the desired amounts or at the time of our choosing could adversely affect our ability to reinvest in our business through capital expenditures or business acquisitions, as well as our ability to maintain our corporate quarterly dividend payment cycle, repurchase shares of our common stock and repay our debt. if we are unable to obtain sufficient funds from our subsidiaries to fund our obligations, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
any downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
claims paying ability, financial strength and credit ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are important factors in marketing our products to certain of our customers. our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically. our ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders. there can be no assurance that our current credit ratings will be maintained in the future. downgrades in our credit ratings, should they occur, could materially increase our costs of or ability to access funds in the debt and capital markets and otherwise materially increase our operating costs.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements thereto included in item 8, "financial statements." readers are cautioned that the statements, estimates, projections or outlook contained in this report, including discussions regarding financial prospects, economic conditions, trends and uncertainties contained in this item 7, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the pslra. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. a description of some of the risks and uncertainties can be found further below in this item 7 and in part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
executive overview general unitedhealth group is a diversified health and well-being company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone. through our diversified family of businesses, we leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. we offer a broad spectrum of products and services through two distinct
27
platforms: unitedhealthcare, which provides health care coverage and benefits services; and optum, which provides information and technology-enabled health services.
we have four reportable segments across our two business platforms, unitedhealthcare and optum:
•   unitedhealthcare, which includes unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual, unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement, unitedhealthcare community &amp; state and unitedhealthcare global;
•   optumhealth;
•   optuminsight; and
•   optumrx.
further information on our business and reportable segments is presented in part i, item 1, "business" and in note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
business trends our businesses participate in the united states, brazilian and certain other international health economies. in the united states, health care spending has grown consistently for many years and comprises approximately 18% of gross domestic product. we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. the rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions and regulatory changes, which have impacted and could further impact our results of operations.
pricing trends. to price our health care benefit products, we start with our view of expected future costs. we frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering all relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations. our review of regulatory considerations involves a focus on minimum mlr thresholds and the risk adjustment and reinsurance provisions that impact the small group and individual markets. we will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions.
the commercial risk market remains highly competitive in both the small group and large group markets. we expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs amid reform changes. health reform legislation included an annual, nondeductible insurance industry tax (health insurance industry tax) to be levied proportionally across the insurance industry for risk-based health insurance products. health reform legislation also included three programs designed to stabilize health insurance markets (premium stabilization programs): a permanent risk adjustment program; a temporary risk corridors program; and a transitional reinsurance program (reinsurance program). health plans have generally reflected the health insurance industry tax and reinsurance program (together, aca fees) in their pricing. conversely, the industry has continued to experience favorable medical cost trends due to moderated utilization, which has impacted pricing trends. in 2015, health plans' pricing returned to a more normal year-over-year inflation after pricing for higher costs due to aca fees in 2014. as always, the intensity of pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. a provision in the 2016 federal budget imposes a one year moratorium for 2017 on the collection of the health insurance industry tax. this will impact our pricing for contracts that renew during 2016 but cover all or portions of 2017.
medicare advantage funding continues to be pressured, as discussed below in "regulatory trends and uncertainties."
we expect continued medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated increases in the number of people we serve; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on medicaid net margin percentages. we continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. we advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs.
medical cost trends. our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization and prescription drug costs. consistent with our experience in recent years, our 2015 cost trends were largely driven by unit cost pressures from health care providers. in 2016, we expect continued unit cost pressure and a modest increase in utilization. we endeavor to mitigate those increases with medical management. our 2016 management activities include managing costs across all health care categories, including specialty pharmacy spending, as new therapies are introduced at high costs and older drugs have unexpected price increases.
delivery system and payment modernization. the health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. health plans and care providers are being called upon to
28
work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. we continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider reimbursement models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. we work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients.
we are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. as of december 31, 2015, we served more than 14 million people through some form of aligned contractual arrangement, including full-risk, shared-risk and bundled episode-of-care and performance incentive payment approaches. as of december 31, 2015, our contracts with value-based spending total nearly $46 billion annually, up from $13 billion in 2011.
this trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our optum business platform.
regulatory trends and uncertainties following is a summary of management's view of the trends and uncertainties related to some of the key provisions of health reform legislation and other regulatory items. for additional information regarding health reform legislation and regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - government regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
medicare advantage rates and minimum loss ratios. medicare advantage rates have been cut over the last several years, with additional funding reductions to be phased-in through 2017. the final 2016 medicare advantage rates were more stable than in recent years, with an expected average increase in industry funding of approximately 1.25%. however, these rates still trail the typical industry forward medical cost trend of 3% which creates continued pressure in the medicare advantage program. the impact of these cuts to our medicare advantage revenues is partially mitigated by reductions in provider reimbursements for those care providers with rates indexed to medicare advantage revenues or medicare fee-for-service reimbursement rates. these factors affected our plan benefit designs, market participation, growth prospects and earnings expectations for our medicare advantage plans for 2016.
the ongoing reductions to medicare advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. there are a number of adjustments we have made to partially offset these rate reductions. these adjustments will impact the majority of the seniors we serve through medicare advantage. for example, we seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase the member premiums that supplement the monthly payments we receive from the government and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer medicare advantage plans.
in the longer term, we also may be able to mitigate some of the effects of reduced funding by increasing enrollment due, in part, to the increasing number of people eligible for medicare in coming years. as medicare advantage reimbursement changes, other products may become relatively more attractive to medicare beneficiaries and increase the demand for other senior health benefits products such as our market-leading medicare supplement and stand-alone medicare part d insurance offerings.
our medicare advantage rates are currently enhanced by cms quality bonuses in certain counties based on our local plans' star ratings. the level of star ratings from cms, based upon specified clinical and operational performance standards, will impact future quality bonuses. in addition, star ratings affect the amount of savings a plan can use to offer supplemental benefits, which ultimately may affect the plan's membership and revenue. beginning in 2015, quality bonus payments were paid only to plans rated 4 stars and higher. we expect that approximately 56% of our medicare advantage members will be in plans rated four stars or higher for payment year 2016 compared with approximately 39% of members in plans rated four stars or higher for payment year 2015. we further expect that at least 63% of our medicare advantage members will be in plans rated four stars or higher for payment year 2017. we continue to dedicate substantial resources to advance our quality scores and star ratings to strengthen our local market programs and further improve our performance.
health insurance industry tax and premium stabilization programs. the industry-wide amount of the health insurance industry tax was $11.3 billion in 2015 and will remain at that level in 2016. a provision in the 2016 federal budget imposes a one year moratorium for 2017, on the collection of the health insurance industry tax. the health insurance industry tax will again be imposed for 2018 and beyond. in 2016, we expect that our share of the health insurance industry tax will increase to $1.9 billion from $1.8 billion in 2015 due to growth in our business.
the reinsurance program is a temporary program that will be funded on a per capita basis from all commercial lines of business, including insured and self-funded arrangements. the total three year amount of $25 billion for the reinsurance
29
program is allocated as follows: $20 billion (2014 - $10 billion, 2015 - $6 billion, 2016 - $4 billion) subject to increases based on state decisions, to fund the reinsurance pool and $5 billion (2014 and 2015 - $2 billion, 2016 - $1 billion) to fund the u.s. treasury. the actual 2014 reinsurance program contributions totaled approximately $9.7 billion, which was $2.3 billion short of the expected amount; all was used to fund the reinsurance program. while funding for the reinsurance program will come from all commercial lines of business, only market reform compliant individual businesses will be eligible for reinsurance recoveries. we have not recorded any receivables under the temporary risk corridor program for 2014 or 2015 due to uncertainty over the level of government funding for this program and the ultimate collectability of these funds.
for detail on the health insurance industry tax and premium stabilization programs, see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
individual public exchanges. after a measured approach to the individual public exchange market in 2014 in which we participated in only four states, we expanded significantly in 2015 to participate in 23 states. in 2016, we are expanding our individual public exchange offerings by 11 states to a total of 34 states. recent data, however, has caused us to reconsider our long-term position in the individual public exchange market. we have seen lower consumer participation than we and others expected, lower government expectations for future consumer participation, declining performance in and accelerating failures of government-sponsored cooperatives and worsening of our own claims experience. we have recorded a premium deficiency reserve for a portion of our estimated 2016 losses in our 2015 results for in-force contracts as of january 1, 2016. we are not pursuing membership growth and have taken a comprehensive set of actions (e.g., increased prices and eliminated marketing and commissions) to contain membership growth. by mid-2016 we will determine to what extent, if any, we will continue to offer products in the individual public exchange market in 2017.
30
results summary the following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations and other financial information:
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)                                                                    for the years ended december 31,                      increase/(decrease)                      increase/(decrease)
2015                                                                                                                   2014                    2013                           2015 vs. 2014                            2014 vs. 2013
revenues:
premiums                                                                                   $127,163                $115,302                $109,557               $11,861                10     %           $5,745                 5     %
products                                                                                     17,312                   4,242                   3,190                13,070               308                  1,052                33
services                                                                                     11,922                  10,151                   8,997                 1,771                17                  1,154                13
investment and other income                                                                     710                     779                     745                   (69     )          (9     )               34                 5
total revenues                                                                              157,107                 130,474                 122,489                26,633                20                  7,985                 7
operating costs (a):
medical costs                                                                               103,875                  93,633                  89,659                10,242                11                  3,974                 4
operating costs                                                                              24,312                  21,263                  18,941                 3,049                14                  2,322                12
cost of products sold                                                                        16,206                   3,826                   2,891                12,380               324                    935                32
depreciation and amortization                                                                 1,693                   1,478                   1,375                   215                15                    103                 7
total operating costs                                                                       146,086                 120,200                 112,866                25,886                22                  7,334                 6
earnings from operations                                                                     11,021                  10,274                   9,623                   747                 7                    651                 7
interest expense                                                                               (790    )               (618    )               (708    )              172                28                    (90     )         (13     )
earnings before income taxes                                                                 10,231                   9,656                   8,915                   575                 6                    741                 8
provision for income taxes                                                                   (4,363    )             (4,037    )             (3,242    )              326                 8                    795                25
net earnings                                                                                  5,868                   5,619                   5,673                   249                 4                    (54     )          (1     )
earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                                               (55    )                  -                     (48    )               55                      nm              (48     )                nm net earnings attributable to unitedhealth group common stockholders                          $5,813                  $5,619                  $5,625                  $194                 3     %              $(6     )           -     %
diluted earnings per share attributable to unitedhealth group common stockholders             $6.01                   $5.70                   $5.50                 $0.31                 5     %            $0.20                 4     %
medical care ratio (b)                                                                         81.7    %               81.2    %               81.8    %              0.5     %                               (0.6    )%
operating cost ratio                                                                           15.5                    16.3                    15.5                  (0.8     )                                0.8
operating margin                                                                                7.0                     7.9                     7.9                  (0.9     )                                  -
tax rate                                                                                       42.6                    41.8                    36.4                   0.8                                      5.4
net earnings margin (c)                                                                         3.7                     4.3                     4.6                  (0.6     )                               (0.3     )
return on equity (d)                                                                           17.7    %               17.3    %               17.7    %              0.4     %                               (0.4    )%
nm= not meaningful
(a)   during the fourth quarter of 2015, the company changed its presentation of certain pharmacy fulfillment costs related to its optumrx business. see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more information on this reclassification.
(b)   medical care ratio is calculated as medical costs divided by premium revenue.
(c)   net earnings margin attributable to unitedhealth group stockholders.
(d)   return on equity is calculated as annualized net earnings divided by average equity. average equity is calculated using the equity balance at the end of the preceding year and the equity balances at the end of each of the four quarters in the year presented.
selected operating performance and other significant items the following represents a summary of select 2015 year-over-year operating comparisons to 2014 and other 2015 significant items.
•   consolidated revenues increased by 20%, optum revenues grew 42% and unitedhealthcare revenues increased 10%.
•   unitedhealthcare grew to serve an additional 1.7 million people domestically. each optum business grew revenues by 19% or more.
•   earnings from operations increased by 7%, including an increase of 30% at optum partially offset by a decrease of 3% at unitedhealthcare.
•   diluted earnings per common share increased 5% to $6.01.
•   cash flow from operations were $9.7 billion an increase of 21%.
31
•   on july 23, 2015, we acquired catamaran through the purchase of all of its outstanding common stock for cash. see note 3 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 "financial statements" for more information.
2015 results of operations compared to 2014 results our results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2015 were affected by our acquisition of catamaran on july 23, 2015.
consolidated financial results revenues the increase in revenues was primarily driven by the effect of the catamaran acquisition and organic growth in the number of individuals served across our benefits businesses and across all of optum's businesses.
medical costs medical costs increased primarily due to risk-based membership growth in our benefits businesses. medical costs also included losses on individual exchange-compliant products related to 2015, and the establishment of premium deficiency reserves related to the 2016 policy year for anticipated future losses for in-force individual exchange-compliant contracts and a new state medicaid contract.
operating cost ratio the decrease in our operating cost ratio was due to the inclusion of catamaran and growth in government benefits programs, both of which have lower operating cost ratios and company wide productivity gains.
reportable segments see note 14 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more information on our segments. the following table presents a summary of the reportable segment financial information:
for the years ended december 31,                     increase/(decrease)                     increase/(decrease)
(in millions, except percentages)                       2015                    2014                    2013                           2015 vs. 2014                           2014 vs. 2013
revenues unitedhealthcare                               $131,343                $119,798                $113,725              $11,545                10     %          $6,073                 5     %
optumhealth                                      13,927                  11,032                   9,855                2,895                26                 1,177                12
optuminsight                                      6,196                   5,227                   4,714                  969                19                   513                11
optumrx                                          48,272                  31,976                  24,006               16,296                51                 7,970                33
optum eliminations                                 (791    )               (489    )               (458    )             302                62                    31                 7
optum                                            67,604                  47,746                  38,117               19,858                42                 9,629                25
eliminations                                    (41,840    )            (37,070    )            (29,353    )           4,770                13                 7,717                26
consolidated revenues                          $157,107                $130,474                $122,489              $26,633                20     %          $7,985                 7     %
earnings from operations unitedhealthcare                                 $6,754                  $6,992                  $7,132                $(238     )          (3    )%           $(140     )          (2    )%
optumhealth                                       1,240                   1,090                     949                  150                14                   141                15
optuminsight                                      1,278                   1,002                     831                  276                28                   171                21
optumrx                                           1,749                   1,190                     711                  559                47                   479                67
optum                                             4,267                   3,282                   2,491                  985                30                   791                32
consolidated earnings from operations           $11,021                 $10,274                  $9,623                 $747                 7     %            $651                 7     %
operating margin unitedhealthcare                                    5.1    %                5.8    %                6.3    %            (0.7    )%                              (0.5    )%
optumhealth                                         8.9                     9.9                     9.6                 (1.0    )%                               0.3
optuminsight                                       20.6                    19.2                    17.6                  1.4     %                               1.6
optumrx                                             3.6                     3.7                     3.0                 (0.1    )%                               0.7
optum                                               6.3                     6.9                     6.5                 (0.6    )%                               0.4
consolidated operating margin                       7.0    %                7.9    %                7.9    %            (0.9    )%                                 -     %
32
unitedhealthcare the following table summarizes unitedhealthcare revenues by business:
for the years ended december 31,                 increase/(decrease)                     increase/(decrease)
(in millions, except percentages)            2015                   2014                    2013                                        2015 vs. 2014                           2014 vs. 2013
unitedhealthcare employer &amp; individual           $47,194                 $43,017                 $44,847           $4,177                10     %         $(1,830     )          (4    )%
unitedhealthcare medicare &amp; retirement            49,735                  46,258                  44,225            3,477                 8                 2,033                 5
unitedhealthcare community &amp; state                28,911                  23,586                  18,268            5,325                23                 5,318                29
unitedhealthcare global                                5,503                   6,937                   6,385           (1,434     )         (21     )   552                           9
total unitedhealthcare revenues                     $131,343                $119,798                $113,725          $11,545                10     %          $6,073                 5     %
the following table summarizes the number of individuals served by our unitedhealthcare businesses, by major market segment and funding arrangement:
december 31,                 increase/(decrease)                  increase/(decrease)
(in thousands, except percentages)          2015             2014             2013                                 2015 vs. 2014                        2014 vs. 2013
commercial risk-based                            8,285            7,505            8,185             780                10   %           (680     )          (8    )%
commercial fee-based, including tricare         21,445           21,245           21,975             200                 1               (730     )          (3     )
total commercial                                29,730           28,750           30,160             980                 3             (1,410     )          (5     )
medicare advantage                               3,235            3,005            2,990             230                 8                 15                 1
medicaid                                         5,305            5,055            4,035             250                 5              1,020                25
medicare supplement (standardized)               4,035            3,750            3,455             285                 8                295                 9
total public and senior                         12,575           11,810           10,480             765                 6              1,330                13
total unitedhealthcare - domestic medical       42,305           40,560           40,640           1,745                 4                (80     )           -
international                                    4,090            4,425            4,805            (335   )            (8   )           (380     )          (8     )
total unitedhealthcare - medical                46,395           44,985           45,445           1,410                 3   %           (460     )          (1    )%
supplemental data:
medicare part d stand-alone                      5,060            5,165            4,950            (105   )            (2   )%           215                 4     %
the increase in commercial risk-based enrollment was the result of strong participation in unitedhealthcare's individual public exchange products and favorable annual renewal activity and new business wins in the employer group segment. medicare advantage participation increased year-over-year primarily due to growth in people served through employer-sponsored group medicare advantage plans. medicaid growth was driven by the combination of health reform related medicaid expansion, states launching new programs to complement established programs and growth in established programs, partially offset by a decrease of 175,000 people in one market where an additional offering was introduced by the state in the first quarter of 2015. medicare supplement growth reflected strong customer retention and new sales. the number of people served internationally decreased year-over-year primarily due to pricing and underwriting disciplines in brazil in response to regulatory actions and declining employment levels in brazil.
unitedhealthcare's revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2015 was due to growth in the number of individuals served across its businesses and price increases reflecting underlying medical cost trends.
unitedhealthcare's operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased as the combined individual exchange-compliant losses and premium deficiency reserves totaling $815 million more than offset strong growth across the business, improved medical cost management and increased productivity.
optum total revenues and operating earnings increased for the year ended december 31, 2015 as each reporting segment increased revenues and earnings from operations by double-digit percentages as a result of the factors discussed below.
33
the results by segment were as follows:
optumhealth revenue and earnings from operations increased at optumhealth during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to growth in its care delivery businesses and the impact of acquisitions in patient care centers and population health management services. the operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased from the prior year primarily due to investments made to develop future growth opportunities.
optuminsight revenue, earnings from operations and operating margins at optuminsight for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased primarily due to expansion and growth in care provider revenue management services and payer services.
optumrx revenue and earnings from operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased due to the mid-year acquisition of catamaran as well as strong organic growth. operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased slightly due to the inclusion of lower margin catamaran business. for more information about catamaran, see note 3 in notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 "financial statements."
2014 results of operations compared to 2013 results consolidated financial results revenues the increases in revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014 were primarily driven by growth in the number of individuals served in our public and senior markets businesses and growth across all of optum's businesses.
medical costs and medical care ratio medical costs during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased due to risk-based membership growth in our public and senior markets businesses. to the extent possible, we included the reform fees and related tax impacts in our pricing; since the aca fees are included in operating costs, this decreased our medical care ratio in 2014. this decrease from aca fees was partially offset by the impact of lower levels of favorable medical cost reserve development.
operating cost ratio the increase in our operating cost ratio during the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to the introduction of aca fees and services business growth and acquisitions, partially offset by productivity and operating performance gains.
income tax rate the increase in our income tax rate resulted primarily from the nondeductible health insurance industry tax.
reportable segments unitedhealthcare unitedhealthcare's revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to growth in the number of individuals served in our public and senior markets businesses; revenues to recover aca fees, which resulted in $1.5 billion of additional annual premiums in 2014; and commercial price increases reflecting underlying medical cost trends. these increases were partially offset by decreased commercial risk-based enrollment and a reduced level of medicare advantage funding.
unitedhealthcare's operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2014 were pressured year-over-year by aca fees, medicare advantage funding reductions, increased spending on specialty medications to treat hepatitis c and reduced levels of favorable medical cost reserve development. partially offsetting these factors were growth in our public and senior markets businesses, reduced levels of per-member inpatient hospital utilization and revenue true-ups.
optum total revenues increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to pharmacy growth at optumrx and growth at optumhealth.
the increases in optum's earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 were driven by revenue growth and increased productivity, partially offset by investments at optumhealth and optuminsight.
34
the results by segment were as follows:
optumhealth revenue increased at optumhealth during 2014 primarily due to acquisitions and growth in care delivery and subacute care services.
earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to revenue growth and cost efficiencies, offset in part by investments to develop future growth opportunities.
optuminsight revenue, earnings from operations and operating margins at optuminsight for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to the growth and expansion in revenue management services and government exchange services, partially offset by a reduction in hospital compliance services and investments for future growth.
optumrx increased optumrx revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to growth in people served in unitedhealthcare's public and senior markets, the insourcing of unitedhealthcare's commercial pharmacy benefit programs, growth from external clients and an increase in specialty pharmaceutical revenues.
earnings from operations and operating margins for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased primarily due to growth in scale that resulted in greater productivity and better absorption of our fixed costs and improved performance in both drug purchasing and home delivery pharmacy fulfillment.
liquidity, financial condition and capital resources liquidity introduction we manage our liquidity and financial position in the context of our overall business strategy. we continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. cash flows generated from operating activities are principally from earnings before noncash expenses.
our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from operations and are subject to financial regulations and standards in their respective jurisdictions. these standards, among other things, require these subsidiaries to maintain specified levels of statutory capital, as defined by each jurisdiction, and restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their parent companies.
in 2015, our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $4.4 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our u.s. regulated subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends of $4.6 billion. see note 11 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for further detail concerning our regulated subsidiary dividends.
our nonregulated businesses also generate cash flows from operations that are available for general corporate use. cash flows generated by these entities, combined with dividends from our regulated entities and financing through the issuance of long-term debt as well as issuance of commercial paper or the ability to draw under our committed credit facilities, further strengthen our operating and financial flexibility. we use these cash flows to expand our businesses through acquisitions, reinvest in our businesses through capital expenditures, repay debt and return capital to our stockholders through shareholder dividends and/or repurchases of our common stock, depending on market conditions.
35
summary of our major sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31,            increase/(decrease)            increase/(decrease)
(in millions)                                                                                      2015                  2014                  2013                  2015 vs. 2014                  2014 vs. 2013
sources of cash:
cash provided by operating activities                                                       $9,740                $8,051                $6,991                     $1,689                         $1,060
issuances of long-term debt and commercial paper, net of repayments                         14,607                   391                   152                     14,216                            239
proceeds from common stock issuances                                                           402                   462                   598                        (60        )                  (136        )
sales and maturities of investments, net of purchases                                            -                   799                     -                       (799        )                   799
customer funds administered                                                                    768                     -                    31                        768                            (31        )
other                                                                                            -                   115                   191                       (115        )                   (76        )
total sources of cash                                                                       25,517                 9,818                 7,963
uses of cash:
cash paid for acquisitions and noncontrolling interest shares, net of cash assumed         (16,282    )           (1,923    )           (1,836    )               (14,359        )                   (87        )
cash dividends paid                                                                         (1,786    )           (1,362    )           (1,056    )                  (424        )                  (306        )
common stock repurchases                                                                    (1,200    )           (4,008    )           (3,170    )                 2,808                           (838        )
purchases of property, equipment and capitalized software                                   (1,556    )           (1,525    )           (1,307    )                   (31        )                  (218        )
purchases of investments, net of sales and maturities                                         (531    )                -                (1,611    )                  (531        )                 1,611
customer funds administered                                                                      -                  (638    )                -                        638                           (638        )
other                                                                                         (578    )             (138    )              (27    )                  (440        )                  (111        )
total uses of cash                                                                         (21,933    )           (9,594    )           (9,007    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                  (156    )               (5    )              (86    )                  (151        )                    81
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        $3,428                  $219               $(1,130    )                $3,209                         $1,349
2015 cash flows compared to 2014 cash flows cash flows provided by operating activities in 2015 increased primarily due to growth in risk-based products, which increased medical costs payable and an increase in cms risk share payables, which increased other policy liabilities. these increases were partially offset by an increase in pharmacy rebates, which increased other receivables, the increase in the payment of the 2015 health insurance industry tax and the payment of reinsurance program fees in 2015.
other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included increased cash paid for acquisitions and net debt issuances and decreased share repurchases, all due to the catamaran acquisition.
2014 cash flows compared to 2013 cash flows cash flows provided by operating activities in 2014 increased primarily due to an increased level of accounts payable and other liabilities, including the collection of reinsurance program fees in advance of remittance in 2015, partially offset by an increase in government receivables.
other significant changes in sources or uses of cash year-over-year included: (a) a change in investment activity from net purchases in 2013 to net sales in 2014; (b) an increase in part d subsidy receivables causing a change in customer funds administered; and (c) increased levels of cash used to repurchase common stock.
financial condition as of december 31, 2015, our cash, cash equivalent and available-for-sale investment balances of $31.2 billion included $10.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents (of which $286 million was available for general corporate use), $18.6 billion of debt securities and $1.6 billion of investments in equity securities consisting of investments in non-u.s. dollar fixed-income funds; employee savings plan related investments; venture capital funds; and dividend paying stocks. given the significant portion of our portfolio held in cash equivalents, we do not anticipate fluctuations in the aggregate fair value of our financial assets to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital position. other sources of liquidity, primarily from operating cash flows and our commercial paper program, which is supported by our bank credit facilities, reduce the need to sell investments during
36
adverse market conditions. see note 5 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for further detail concerning our fair value measurements.
our available-for-sale debt portfolio had a weighted-average duration of 3.4 years and a weighted-average credit rating of "aa" as of december 31, 2015. when multiple credit ratings are available for an individual security, the average of the available ratings is used to determine the weighted-average credit rating.
capital resources and uses of liquidity in addition to cash flows from operations and cash and cash equivalent balances available for general corporate use, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows:
commercial paper and bank credit facilities. our revolving bank credit facilities provide liquidity support for our commercial paper borrowing program, which facilitates the private placement of unsecured debt through third-party broker-dealers, and are available for general corporate purposes. for more information on our commercial paper and bank credit facilities, see note 9 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
our revolving bank credit facilities contain various covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt to debt-plus-stockholders' equity ratio of not more than 55%. as of december 31, 2015, our debt to debt-plus-stockholders' equity ratio, as defined and calculated under the credit facilities was approximately 47%.
long-term debt. periodically, we access capital markets and issue long-term debt for general corporate purposes, for example, to meet our working capital requirements, to refinance debt, to finance acquisitions or for share repurchases. in july 2015, we issued debt to fund the acquisition of catamaran. for more information on this debt issuance, see note 9 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 "financial statements."
credit ratings. our credit ratings as of december 31, 2015 were as follows:
moody's                   standard &amp; poor's          fitch                    a.m. best ratings        outlook    ratings             outlook    ratings       outlook    ratings         outlook senior unsecured debt   a3             negative   a+                  negative   a-            negative   bbb+            stable commercial paper        p-2            n/a        a-1                 n/a        f1            n/a        amb-2           n/a the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors, including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, credit ratings, debt covenants and other contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and economic and market conditions. for example, a significant downgrade in our credit ratings or adverse conditions in the capital markets may increase the cost of borrowing for us or limit our access to capital.
share repurchase program. we expect continued moderated share repurchase activity through 2016 following the acquisition of catamaran. for more information on our share repurchase program, see note 11 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
dividends. in june 2015, our board increased our quarterly cash dividend to stockholders to an annual dividend rate of $2.00 per share. for more information on our dividend, see note 11 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
37
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes future obligations due by period as of december 31, 2015, under our various contractual obligations and commitments:
(in millions)                                                                   2016             2017 to 2018             2019 to 2020            thereafter               total debt (a)                                                                  $7,651                $7,938                   $4,564                $26,569               $46,722
operating leases                                                             417                   695                      497                    471                 2,080
purchase obligations (b)                                                     365                   230                       54                     28                   677
future policy benefits (c)                                                   133                   277                      283                  1,936                 2,629
unrecognized tax benefits (d)                                                  4                     -                        -                    207                   211
other liabilities recorded on the consolidated balance sheet (e)             185                     4                        -                  1,477                 1,666
other obligations (f)                                                         52                    64                       20                     16                   152
redeemable noncontrolling interests (g)                                       55                 1,453                      228                      -                 1,736
total contractual obligations                                             $8,862               $10,661                   $5,646                $30,704               $55,873
(a)   includes interest coupon payments and maturities at par or put values. the table also assumes amounts are outstanding through their contractual term. see note 9 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more detail.
(b)   includes fixed or minimum commitments under existing purchase obligations for goods and services, including agreements that are cancelable with the payment of an early termination penalty. excludes agreements that are cancelable without penalty and excludes liabilities to the extent recorded in our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015.
(c)   future policy benefits represent account balances that accrue to the benefit of the policyholders, excluding surrender charges, for universal life and investment annuity products and for long-duration health policies sold to individuals for which some of the premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay benefits to be incurred in future years. see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for more detail.
(d)   as the timing of future settlements is uncertain, the long-term portion has been classified as "thereafter."
(e)   includes obligations associated with contingent consideration and other payments related to business acquisitions, certain employee benefit programs and various other long-term liabilities. due to uncertainty regarding payment timing, obligations for employee benefit programs, charitable contributions and other liabilities have been classified as "thereafter."
(f)   includes remaining capital commitments for venture capital funds and other funding commitments.
(g)   includes commitments for redeemable shares of our subsidiaries.
we do not have other significant contractual obligations or commitments that require cash resources. however, we continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs and technology applications and may include acquisitions.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements, which have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
recently issued accounting standards see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 "financial statements" for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect us.
critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates are those estimates that require management to make challenging, subjective or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties that are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions.
38
medical costs payable each reporting period, we estimate our obligations for medical care services that have been rendered on behalf of insured consumers but for which claims have either not yet been received or processed and for liabilities for physician, hospital and other medical cost disputes. we develop estimates for medical care services incurred but not reported using an actuarial process that is consistently applied, centrally controlled and automated. the actuarial models consider factors such as time from date of service to claim receipt, claim processing backlogs, seasonal variances in medical care consumption, health care professional contract rate changes, medical care utilization and other medical cost trends, membership volume and demographics, the introduction of new technologies, benefit plan changes and business mix changes related to products, customers and geography. depending on the health care professional and type of service, the typical billing lag for services can be up to 90 days from the date of service. substantially all claims related to medical care services are known and settled within nine to twelve months from the date of service. as of december 31, 2015, our days outstanding in medical payables was 50 days, calculated as total medical payables divided by total medical costs times 365 days.
each period, we re-examine previously established medical costs payable estimates based on actual claim submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. as more complete claim information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the change is identified. therefore, in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical costs payable estimates associated with previously reported periods. if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is less than the previous estimate, we will decrease reported medical costs in the current period (favorable development). if the revised estimate of prior period medical costs is more than the previous estimate, we will increase reported medical costs in the current period (unfavorable development). medical costs in 2015, 2014 and 2013 included favorable medical cost development related to prior years of $320 million, $420 million and $680 million, respectively.
in developing our medical costs payable estimates, we apply different estimation methods depending on the month for which incurred claims are being estimated. for example, we actuarially calculate completion factors using an analysis of claim adjudication patterns over the most recent 36-month period. a completion factor is an actuarial estimate, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period that have been adjudicated by us at the date of estimation. for months prior to the most recent three months, we apply the completion factors to actual claims adjudicated-to-date to estimate the expected amount of ultimate incurred claims for those months. for the most recent three months, we estimate claim costs incurred primarily by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month (pmpm) medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data is available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors.
completion factors. completion factors are the most significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for older periods, generally periods prior to the most recent three months. completion factors include judgments in relation to claim submissions such as the time from date of service to claim receipt, claim inventory levels and claim processing backlogs as well as other factors. if actual claims submission rates from providers (which can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions) or our claim processing patterns are different than estimated, our reserves may be significantly impacted.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for those periods as of december 31, 2015:
completion factors(decrease) increase in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable
(in millions)
(0.75)%                                  $370
(0.50)                                   246
(0.25)                                   123
0.25                                  (122                )
0.50                                  (244                )
0.75                                  (365                )
medical cost pmpm trend factors. medical cost pmpm trend factors are significant factors we use in developing our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent three months. medical cost trend factors are developed through a comprehensive analysis of claims incurred in prior months, provider contracting and expected unit costs, benefit design and by reviewing a broad set of health care utilization indicators, including but not limited to, pharmacy utilization trends, inpatient hospital census data and incidence data from the national centers for disease control. we also consider macroeconomic
39
variables such as gross-domestic product growth, employment and disposable income. a large number of factors can cause the medical cost trend to vary from our estimates, including: our ability and practices to manage medical and pharmaceutical costs, changes in level and mix of services utilized, mix of benefits offered, including the impact of co-pays and deductibles, changes in medical practices, catastrophes and epidemics.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our medical costs payable estimates for the most recent three months as of december 31, 2015:
medical cost pmpm trendincrease (decrease) in factors            increase (decrease)in medical costs payable
(in millions)
3%                                  $727
2                                   485
1                                   242
(1)                                  (242                )
(2)                                  (485                )
(3)                                  (727                )
the completion factors and medical costs pmpm trend factors analyses above include outcomes that are considered reasonably likely based on our historical experience estimating liabilities for incurred but not reported benefit claims.
our estimate of medical costs payable represents management's best estimate of our liability for unpaid medical costs as of december 31, 2015, developed using consistently applied actuarial methods. management believes the amount of medical costs payable is reasonable and adequate to cover our liability for unpaid claims as of december 31, 2015; however, actual claim payments may differ from established estimates as discussed above. assuming a hypothetical 1% difference between our december 31, 2015 estimates of medical costs payable and actual medical costs payable, excluding aarp medicare supplement insurance and any potential offsetting impact from premium rebates, 2015 net earnings would have increased or decreased by $83 million.
revenues we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from health care insurance premiums. we recognize premium revenues in the period eligible individuals are entitled to receive health care services. customers are typically billed monthly at a contracted rate per eligible person multiplied by the total number of people eligible to receive services.
our medicare advantage and medicare part d premium revenues are subject to periodic adjustment under the cms risk adjustment payment methodology. the cms risk adjustment model provides higher per member payments for enrollees diagnosed with certain conditions and lower payments for enrollees who are healthier. we and health care providers collect, capture and submit available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. cms uses submitted diagnosis codes, demographic information and special statuses to determine the risk score for most medicare advantage beneficiaries. cms also retroactively adjusts risk scores during the year based on additional data. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms. as a result of the variability of factors that determine such estimations, the actual amount of cms' retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. this may result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our medicare premium revenue and, accordingly, our profitability. risk adjustment data for certain of our plans is subject to review by the federal and state governments, including audit by regulators. see note 13 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements" for additional information regarding these audits. our estimates of premiums to be recognized are reduced by any expected premium minimum mlr rebates payable by us to cms.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill. goodwill represents the amount of the purchase price in excess of the fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an annual impairment test. we completed our annual impairment tests for goodwill as of october 1, 2015. all of our reporting units had fair values substantially in excess of their carrying values. during 2015, we changed our annual quantitative goodwill impairment testing date from january 1 to october 1 of each year. the change in the goodwill impairment test date better aligns the impairment testing procedures with the timing of our long-term planning process, which is a significant input to the testing. this change in testing date did not delay, accelerate, or avoid a goodwill impairment charge. impairment tests are performed more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount.
40
to determine whether goodwill is impaired, we perform a multi-step test measuring the fair values of the reporting units and comparing them to their aggregate carrying values, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, then the implied value of goodwill would be calculated and compared to the carrying amount of goodwill to determine whether goodwill is impaired.
we estimate the fair values of our reporting units using discounted cash flows, which include assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. significant assumptions used in the impairment analysis include financial projections of free cash flow (including significant assumptions about operations, capital requirements and income taxes), long-term growth rates for determining terminal value beyond the discretely forecasted periods and discount rates. for each reporting unit, comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of our discounted cash flow test.
forecasts and long-term growth rates used for our reporting units are consistent with, and use inputs from, our internal long-term business plan and strategies. key assumptions used in these forecasts include:
•   revenue trends. key revenue drivers for each reporting unit are determined and assessed. significant factors include: membership growth, medical trends and the impact and expectations of regulatory environments. additional macro-economic assumptions relating to unemployment, gdp growth, interest rates and inflation are also evaluated and incorporated, as appropriate.
•   medical cost trends. for further discussion of medical cost trends, see the "medical cost trend" section of executive overview-business trends above and the discussion in the "medical costs payable" critical accounting estimate above. similar factors, including historical and expected medical cost trend levels, are considered in estimating our long-term medical trends at the reporting unit level.
•   operating productivity. we forecast expected operating cost levels based on historical levels and expectations of future operating cost levels.
•   capital levels. the operating and long-term capital requirements for each business are considered.
discount rates are determined for each reporting unit and include consideration of the implied risk inherent in their forecasts. our most significant estimate in the discount rate determinations involves our adjustments to the peer company weighted average costs of capital that reflect reporting unit-specific factors. we have not made any adjustments to decrease a discount rate below the calculated peer company weighted average cost of capital for any reporting unit. company-specific adjustments to discount rates are subjective and thus are difficult to measure with certainty.
the passage of time and the availability of additional information regarding areas of uncertainty with respect to the reporting units' operations could cause these assumptions to change in the future.
intangible assets. our recorded separately-identifiable intangible assets were acquired in business combinations and were initially recorded at their fair values. finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their expected useful lives, while indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on at least an annual basis.
our finite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that an asset's (or asset group's) carrying value may exceed its estimated fair value. consideration is given on a quarterly basis to a number of potential impairment indicators, including: changes in the use of the assets, changes in legal or other business factors that could affect value, experienced or expected operating cash-flow deterioration or losses, adverse changes in customer populations, adverse competitive or technological advances that could impact value and other factors.
our indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. to determine if an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, we compare its estimated fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment would be recorded for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. intangible assets were not impaired in 2015.
investments our investments are principally classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value. we continually monitor the difference between the cost and fair value of our investments.
other-than-temporary impairment assessment. individual securities with fair values lower than costs are reviewed for impairment considering the following factors: our intent to sell the security or the likelihood that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire amortized cost, the length of time and extent of impairment and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer as well as specific events or circumstances that may influence the operations of the issuer. other factors included in the assessment include the type and nature of the securities and their liquidity. given the nature of our portfolio, primarily investment grade securities, historical impairments were largely market related (e.g., interest rate fluctuations) as opposed to credit related. in december 2015, the federal reserve (fed) announced that it would increase short-
41
term interest rates to a range between 25 and 50 basis points. fed officials emphasized that they intend to raise rates gradually, if necessary. we estimate a 25 basis point rise in short-term interest rates impacts the fair-value of our investments by $200 million. our large cash holdings reduce the risk that we will be required to sell a security. however, our intent to sell a security may change from period to period if facts and circumstances change.
the judgments and estimates related to other-than-temporary impairment may ultimately prove to be inaccurate due to many factors, including: circumstances may change over time, industry sector and market factors may differ from expectations and estimates or we may ultimately sell a security we previously intended to hold. our assessment of the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer may ultimately prove to be inaccurate as time passes and new information becomes available, including changes to current facts and circumstances, or as unknown or estimated unlikely trends develop.
legal matters a description of our legal proceedings is presented in note 13 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements."
concentrations of credit risk investments in financial instruments such as marketable securities and accounts receivable may subject us to concentrations of credit risk. our investments in marketable securities are managed under an investment policy authorized by our board of directors. this policy limits the amounts that may be invested in any one issuer and generally limits our investments to u.s. government and agency securities, state and municipal securities and corporate debt obligations that are investment grade. concentrations of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable are limited due to the large number of employer groups and other customers that constitute our client base. as of december 31, 2015, we had a reinsurance receivable resulting from the sale of our golden rule financial corporation life and annuity business in 2005. see note 2 of notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, "financial statements." for more information. as of december 31, 2015, there were no other significant concentrations of credit risk.