The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our financial results and prospects are significantly dependent upon the sale of travel services. Travel is dependent on discretionary spending levels, and as a result, sales of travel services tend to decline during general economic downturns and recessions when consumers engage in less discretionary spending. The recent worldwide recession led to a weakening in the fundamental demand for our travel reservation services and an increase in the number of consumers who canceled existing travel reservations with us. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates and cancellation rates and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic uncertainties. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business. Other unforeseen events beyond our control, such as oil prices, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather, natural disasters, travel-related health concerns, political instability, and regional hostilities, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. Future terrorist attacks, natural disasters, health concerns, or civil or political unrest could further disrupt our business and operations. We compete with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation services, and the market for the services we offer is intensely competitive. Our strategy involves continued international expansion in regions throughout the world, which have different economic conditions, customs, languages, currencies, consumer expectations, and levels of political stability. We may experience unforeseen and potentially adverse legal, regulatory, or tax consequences. Our business has grown substantially over the last several years and continues to expand into new geographic locations. We face increased risks as the level of our debt increases, which could reduce our ability to react to changes in our business and industry. Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, and our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel. We have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems, but these steps are expensive and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We may not be able to maintain our "innovation box tax" benefit, which could substantially increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our results of operations. Our existing security measures may not be successful in preventing security breaches, which could significantly harm our reputation and therefore our business, brand, market share, and results of operations. We are also subject to various regulatory and legal risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in multiple countries, including regulatory changes or other government actions that could adversely affect our business.