Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services. Changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, we expect that the success of any ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position. Our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors, and government authorities. Moreover, our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future, and if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our businesses. Our programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our cable communications segment's video business. We expect programming expenses to continue to be our cable communications segment's largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. Our cable communications segment continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services. We may incur increased costs if changes in the products and services that our competitors offer require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We also maintain significant availability under our lines of credit and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. The legal and regulatory environment applicable to our businesses continues to intensify, and any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have a negative impact on our businesses and results of operations. Additionally, we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies, or properties may disrupt our businesses. We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software, and operational support, and if any of our vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected. Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses, as a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions.