The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. If our security measures are breached, our services may be perceived as not being secure, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of third-party action, including employee error or malfeasance. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We have experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. Our disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements replicate our production environment and all of our customers' data in near real-time in a separate facility. However, we do not control the operation of these facilities, and they may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from various events. Despite precautions taken, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Privacy concerns and evolving regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. Compliance with these regulations may require us to devote greater resources to support certain customers, which may increase costs and lengthen sales cycles. The costs of compliance with laws and regulations may limit our customers' use and adoption of our services and reduce overall demand for our services. We rely on third-party computer hardware, software, and cloud computing platforms that could cause errors in or failures of our services. The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. Our success depends on the willingness of third-party developers to build applications that are complementary to our services. Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base and personnel, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that additional investments in our internal infrastructure, data center capacity, research, customer support and development will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity. Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we will be unable to execute our business plan. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. Our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event.