Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are subject to numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. The global macroeconomic environment has been challenging and inconsistent, with instability in the global credit markets and geopolitical uncertainties potentially impacting our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and manage supply chain complexities is critical, as manufacturing issues and component shortages could adversely affect our operational continuity. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key growth areas while also focusing on maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services. However, the return on these investments may be lower or develop more slowly than expected, which could harm our operating results. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment and related market uncertainty. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. The timing of large orders can also have a significant effect on our business and operating results from quarter to quarter. Our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog, which could lead to more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter revenue and operating results. We must manage our inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, as inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins if we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages, representing a competitive threat to us. We face competition from numerous vendors in each product category, and the overall number of competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions, which involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating operations and systems. Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. The loss of services of any of our key personnel or delays in hiring required personnel could make it difficult to meet key objectives. We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates, which could negatively impact our financial results. Our operating results and future prospects could be materially harmed by uncertainties of regulation of the internet and changes in telecommunications regulation and tariffs. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims related to intellectual property rights. Our estimates regarding the recoverability of our carrying basis of assets could change as a result of assessments and decisions related to our strategic initiatives. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our ongoing consideration of various factors could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income.