Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common and capital stock. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace rapidly, and we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our search technology and existing products and services. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology, market trends, and consumer needs. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and products is inherently risky and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. The number of people accessing the internet through devices other than desktop computers is increasing dramatically, and if we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, and partners. We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business, and we continue to cooperate with regulatory authorities in investigations regarding our business and its impact on competition. The process of integrating an acquired company has created unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including the diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. Our future success depends on our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees, as competition for qualified employees is intense. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems, which are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters and cyber attacks. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition, including changes in local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from claims, suits, and government investigations, which could have an adverse impact on us due to legal costs and diversion of management resources. Our business is changing and evolving, and our historical operating results may not be useful in predicting future performance. We expect that our margins could experience downward pressure due to increasing competition and costs, and our revenue growth rate could decline over time. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements, but our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services.