The da Vinci surgical system and our other products represent a fundamentally new way of performing surgery, and achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of da Vinci surgery as a preferred method will be crucial to our success. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products, and broad use will require training of surgical teams. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company, as the global economic downturn and concerns about continued slowed economic growth have caused economic uncertainty and disruptions in financial credit markets. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions continues to pose a risk, as customers may choose to postpone or reduce spending in response to restraints on credit. Our revenues may be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than ours. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, and we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors. We may face competition from companies that develop robotic or computer-assisted surgical systems and products in the future, and companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of surgical robotics. Our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products, and while we subject components to stringent quality specifications, we cannot assure that our products will not experience errors or performance problems in the future. If we experience product flaws or performance problems, it could result in loss of revenue, delay in market acceptance, diversion of our resources, and increased service or warranty costs. We are subject to product liability claims, which could harm our reputation and divert management's attention. Natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or higher expenses. Our corporate headquarters and many of our operations are located in a seismically active region, and we do not have multiple-site capacity for all of our operations in the event of a business disruption. We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, which could result in material losses, and our exposure to credit risks may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws or economic pressures. We have strategic relationships with key distributors for sales and service of our products, and if these relationships are terminated, our revenues could be adversely affected. We are also subject to numerous laws and regulations that govern our business practices, and violations could result in substantial penalties. Our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and we attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency hedging. Our investment portfolio includes both domestic and international investments, and the value and liquidity of our cash equivalents could fluctuate substantially. We are committed to ongoing research and development to adapt to changing technologies and customer demands, and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel will be critical to our success. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future, allowing us to continue to invest in our business and expand our operations.