Certain risks could adversely affect the company's reputation and operational continuity. The pharmaceutical research and development process is costly and highly uncertain, with a high rate of failure inherent in new drug discovery and development. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunities, which may affect the company's ability to maintain a continuous flow of successful new products. The company depends on products with intellectual property protection for most of its revenues, cash flows, and earnings; the loss of effective intellectual property protection may result in rapid and severe declines in revenues. The company faces intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, which could materially affect its business. The company must continue to deliver innovative, cost-effective products that meet important medical needs to compete successfully. The integration of the Novartis animal health business could lead to additional unplanned expenses and disrupt operations. The company relies on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate its business, and system inadequacies or operating failures could harm its business. The loss, theft, or inadvertent disclosure of confidential data could impair the company's intellectual property and expose it to regulatory penalties. Worsening economic conditions could adversely affect the company's business and operating results, as prolonged economic slowdowns may lead to decreased utilization of drugs, affecting sales volume. The company is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for its drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. The company must manage research and development spending across its portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in total research and development spending. The company faces many product liability claims and is self-insured, which could adversely affect its business. Manufacturing difficulties or disruptions could lead to product supply problems, and the company must manage these risks effectively to maintain operational flexibility. The company has invested in strengthening its employee awareness and training, information technology systems, and business processes to prevent, monitor, detect, and respond to information security breaches. The company continues to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment, creditworthiness of customers, and various international government funding levels. The company faces foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, which can materially affect its revenue, cost of sales, and operating expenses. The company utilizes third parties for selected aspects of product development, manufacturing, and commercialization, which involves risks that could adversely affect its business if those third parties do not perform to standards. The company recognizes that the nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires investment in a large number of projects to build a successful portfolio of approved products.