We seek to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. Changes in our business environment require us to be agile and evolve our business models, processes and products. We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We have also experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance that require less service support. We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. The U.S. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures and it is likely that discretionary spending by the U.S. government will remain constrained for a number of years. Potential changes in funding priorities may afford new or additional opportunities for our businesses in terms of existing, follow-on or replacement programs. However, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. We believe that our diverse range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. We must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts. A violation of specific laws and regulations could harm our reputation and result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the termination of our contracts, or loss of our ability to export products or services. Our profitability and cash flow may vary based on the mix of our contracts and programs, our performance, our ability to control costs and evolving U.S. government procurement policies. We are facing increased competition, particularly in information technology and cybersecurity, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry. To remain competitive, we consistently must maintain strong customer relationships and provide superior performance, advanced technology solutions and service at an affordable cost and with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel or transfer knowledge, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts. We expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. We have a strategy to grow international sales over the next several years, inclusive of sales of F-35 aircraft to our international partners and other countries. Our international business is highly sensitive to changes in regulations, political environments or security risks that may affect our ability to conduct business outside of the U.S. Our acquisition of Sikorsky is expected to increase our international sales further exposing us to the risks of international business. We routinely experience cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information. We believe our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures are adequate. However, the threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent adversaries who target us because we protect national security information.