Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement. Our ability to grow advertising revenue will continue to be dependent on our ability to generate revenue from ads displayed on mobile devices. We expect our ability to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement may be adversely affected if we are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. Any changes in such systems, or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset manufacturers, or mobile carriers could adversely affect the usage of our products and monetization on mobile devices. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. If we are not able to compete effectively, our user base and level of user engagement may decrease, and our revenue and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We may also take actions regarding the distribution of our products or the operation of our business based on what we believe to be in our long-term best interests. Such actions may adversely affect our users and our relationships with the operators of mobile operating systems, handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, or other business partners. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products as often in the future. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural disasters or other catastrophic events. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages, and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our growth. The growth and expansion of our business and products create significant challenges for our management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple relations with users, marketers, developers, and other third parties. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively.