The company is exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of its operations, which could significantly impact its business continuity and resilience. Should the company experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber attack, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other natural or man-made disaster, its ability to continue to operate will depend on the availability of personnel, office facilities, and the proper functioning of computer, telecommunication, and other related systems and operations. In such an event, operational challenges could arise that may have a material adverse effect on the business. The company regularly assesses and takes steps to improve its existing business continuity plans and key management succession, but a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale could materially interrupt operations and result in financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, and legal liability. The company relies on the efficient, uninterrupted, and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate its business and securely process, transmit, and store electronic information. Information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, and other malware. The breadth and complexity of the company's infrastructure continue to grow, increasing the potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks. The company has a history of making acquisitions, which involves integrating the information systems of acquired businesses, exposing it to additional risks, including the inability to adequately identify weaknesses in the target's information systems. The company faces numerous challenges in retaining significant revenue-producing employees and key managerial professionals, as losing employees with substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect its ability to secure and complete client engagements. The company’s ability to compete successfully depends on various factors, including the quality and expertise of its colleagues, geographic reach, sophistication and quality of services, and responsiveness to changes in client demand and industry conditions. The company has implemented strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support its growth strategy. However, failure to adequately anticipate or respond to technological changes or to successfully implement these initiatives could adversely affect business operations. The company is subject to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance, and reputational risks due to its global operations, which may require substantial resources to comply with various laws and regulations. The unpredictability of errors and omissions claims, along with litigation that may arise from them, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company’s operations depend on its ability to protect its technology infrastructure against damage from events that could have a significant disruptive effect, and an extended service outage may result in the loss of clients and a decline in revenues. The company’s significant non-U.S. operations expose it to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact its business, including the potential inability to repatriate funds or the imposition of currency controls.