If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. If we fail to maintain or, in new markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. Furthermore, to the extent our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative consumer reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and political risks that may be different from or incremental to those in the U.S. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. We are subject to payment processing risk. Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, direct debit and online wallets. To the extent there are disruptions in our payment processing systems, increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, or changes to rules or regulations concerning payment processing, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We rely on the continued service of our senior management and the hiring of new qualified employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development, technical and other personnel. We may not be successful in recruiting new personnel and in retaining and motivating existing personnel, which may be disruptive to our operations. If we are unable to maintain or replace our sources of members with similarly effective sources, or if the cost of our existing sources increases, our member levels and marketing expenses may be adversely affected. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected and/or our costs could increase.