We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Economic, political, and market conditions can adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. Our business is influenced by a range of factors beyond our control, including general economic and business conditions, overall demand for enterprise software, governmental budgetary constraints, and general political developments. Macroeconomic developments could negatively affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and outlook. Political unrest and potential public health crises continue to contribute to a climate of economic and political uncertainty that could adversely affect our results of operations. We may experience foreign currency gains and losses, and changes in currency exchange rates can adversely affect customer demand and our revenue and profitability. We have a program utilizing foreign currency forward contracts designed to offset the risks associated with certain foreign currency exposures. We may suspend the program from time to time. Our ultimate realized loss or gain with respect to currency fluctuations will depend on various factors, including the size and type of cross-currency exposures we enter into. We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to inaccurate sales forecasts or other factors, and our revenues, particularly from new software licenses and hardware systems, are difficult to forecast. A slowdown in IT spending or economic conditions can unexpectedly reduce our sales. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and we may not be able to compete effectively in the cloud offerings market. The integration of acquired companies into our Oracle cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services and enhance existing offerings. Rapid technological advances and evolving standards characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We continue to invest significantly in research and development to enhance our existing portfolio and develop new products and services. Our hardware systems business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware systems business due to various factors, including potential write-downs and impairments of inventory. Our international operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including compliance with international laws and regulations. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties, but no assurance can be given that action will not be taken by authorities. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our software, hardware, and cloud offerings, which could adversely affect market acceptance and expose us to product liability claims. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers for hardware products exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance and product supply. We may be unable to manage our relationships with these third parties effectively, which could impair our ability to fulfill orders. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, but risks associated with acquisitions include difficulties in managing acquired technologies and potential liabilities. Restructuring expenses may arise from management-approved plans to improve our cost structure and operations. We believe we can fund future acquisitions and obligations with our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and additional borrowings.