We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions, and decreases in customer traffic and/or average value per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands, and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. Business incidents that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees and foodservice providers as they do from us, and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability, integrity, and capacity of these systems. If our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve issues effectively, they could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Factors that may adversely affect the successful implementation of these initiatives include increases in labor costs, increasing competition, construction cost increases, and not successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure. Effectively managing growth can be challenging, particularly as we continue to expand into new channels and increase our focus on our channel development and teavana businesses. Growth can make it increasingly difficult to ensure a consistent supply of high-quality raw materials and to maintain an effective system of internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise. Additionally, we face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our Americas operating segment, and if revenue trends slow or decline, our other segments may be unable to make up any significant shortfall. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of our CAP and EMEA operating segments. The performance of these international operations may be adversely affected by economic downturns in the countries in which they operate. We rely on a wide variety of domestic and international business partners in our supply chain operations, and our ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. Any material interruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and profitability. We continue to make significant investments in technology and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and prevent breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and failure to comply could harm our business and financial results.