The risks that follow, individually or in the aggregate, are those that we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right fresh, desirable merchandise at the right times, quantities, and prices, it could adversely affect customer traffic as well as our sales and margins. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of delivering the right product to the right stores at the right time. We need to appropriately allocate merchandise among our stores, timely and efficiently distribute inventory to stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and effectively manage pricing and markdowns. If we are not able to do so, our ability to attract and retain customers and our results could be adversely affected. In addition to our own execution, we may need to react to factors affecting inventory flow that are outside our control, such as adverse weather and natural disasters or changes in conditions affecting our vendors and others in our supply chain. If we are not able to adjust appropriately to such factors, our inventory management may be affected, which could impact our performance and our relationship with our customers. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses, and channels, and as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment, or acquisition. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, we may be required to increase our investment, slow our planned growth, or close stores or operations, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Our substantial size may add operational complexity and impose demands on maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and impact our sales and results. Our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand, and we work to identify customer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis. However, doing so on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in the many markets in which we do business is challenging. Meeting demand effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed, among other things, and failure to do so may impact our reputation and our financial results. Our business is subject to seasonal influences, and any significant adverse event during peak periods could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations. We believe that building the brand reputation of our retail banners is important to our continuing success. Damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales, affecting our vendor relationships and overall business. We are subject to various risks associated with importing merchandise from other countries, which could affect the availability and the price of our inventory. Our results may be adversely affected by reduced availability or increases in the price of oil or other fuels, raw materials, and other commodities. Increased regulation related to environmental costs could also adversely affect our costs of doing business.