Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business and future revenues depend heavily on our ability to successfully commercialize Orkambi. If we are unable to do so, or if reimbursement levels agreed to by third-party payors are unfavorable or do not meet the expectations of investors or public equity market analysts, our business will be materially harmed. Our ability to successfully commercialize Orkambi is dependent on, among other things, the rate at which patients initiate treatment of Orkambi, the proportion of initiated patients who remain on treatment, and the compliance rate for patients who remain on treatment. Adverse pricing limitations or a delay in obtaining coverage and reimbursement would decrease our future net product revenues and harm our business. Our future success also is dependent on our ability to expand the number of CF patients who are eligible for treatment with Orkambi. We are in the early stages of the commercial launch of this product and are unable to predict the future level of net product revenues we will recognize from sales of Orkambi in the United States. Our business is dependent on Kalydeco net product revenues, and if we are unable to sustain our Kalydeco net product revenues, our business will be materially harmed. Our success is dependent on our ability to continue to expand the label for Kalydeco and to increase the number of patients eligible and reimbursed for treatment with Kalydeco in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most events of a crisis nature. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in the recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods, or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on the extent to which we can increase our revenue and control our costs in order to, among other things, counter any unforeseen difficulties, complications, or other unknown factors that may impair future revenue or require additional expenditures. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines.