The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and likely will continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Singapore, Malaysia, China, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and canceling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. We may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, suppliers, and shareholders. While we are confident that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, and we cannot provide assurance as to the duration and spread of the pandemic, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact, or how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The announcement and pendency of the merger could cause disruptions in our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Specifically, our and Maxim's current and prospective employees will experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which might adversely affect the two companies' abilities to retain key managers and other employees. Uncertainty regarding the completion of the merger may cause our and Maxim's customers, suppliers, distributors, vendors, strategic partners, or others that deal with us or Maxim to delay or defer entering into contracts with us or Maxim, make other decisions concerning us or Maxim, or seek to change or cancel existing business relationships with us or Maxim, which could negatively affect our respective businesses. The merger agreement restricts us and our subsidiaries from taking specified actions during the pendency of the merger without Maxim's consent, which may prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities or strategic transactions that may arise prior to the completion of the merger. The attention of our and Maxim's management may be directed toward the completion of the merger. We have diverted significant management resources in an effort to complete the merger and are subject to restrictions contained in the merger agreement on the conduct of our business. If the merger is not completed, we will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which we will have received little or no benefit. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty and has caused an economic slowdown that is likely to continue and result in a global recession. The continued spread of COVID-19 could cause further disruption in our supply chain and customer demand, and could adversely affect the ability of our customers to perform, including in making timely payments to us, which could further adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.