We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance and costs related to product defects. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, requiring us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies and frequently introduce new business models or methods that require considerable investment of technical and financial resources. It is uncertain whether these strategies will accurately reflect customer demand or be successful. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have affected how we and our customers operate, and we continue to actively monitor the situation, potentially altering our business operations as required. We have taken actions to support our customers, including extending payment terms and offering free commercial use of our cloud collaboration products. Given the evolving business environment, we are actively managing our spending and will continue to invest in critical areas such as R&D and digitizing the company to support our future success. Our overall performance depends largely upon domestic and worldwide economic and political conditions, which can occur abruptly. The pandemic has caused additional uncertainty in the global economy, and an economic downturn may occur or continue. Our dependency on international revenue exposes us to significant international regulatory, economic, and political risks. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses that are complementary to our operations, but these acquisitions entail risks such as the difficulty of integrating solutions and operations. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions may negatively impact our business. We rely on third parties to provide us with operational and technical services, and any third-party security incident could compromise the integrity of our systems. Our business is highly automated and relies extensively on the availability of our network and data center infrastructure. The failure of our systems due to a catastrophic event could adversely impact our business. We have developed disaster recovery plans and maintain backup systems to reduce the potential impact of such events, but there can be no assurance that these plans and systems would enable us to return to normal business operations. We are subject to legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries, which could result in unfavorable outcomes that adversely affect our business. We are also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results. Our cash flow from operations is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in our risk factors. We believe our investment in cloud products and a subscription business model gives us a robust foundation to navigate the economic challenges posed by the pandemic.