The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by the novel coronavirus COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. The company has evaluated its holdings and identified those investments most exposed to the negative impacts of an economic downturn as a result of COVID-19, including investments in businesses facing an immediate and severe impact. The company has established command centers to monitor and communicate developments, and operations remained stable throughout the year. The company took prompt action at the beginning of the pandemic to strengthen its capital and liquidity position and continued to undertake de-risking activity in its investment portfolios. The company also accelerated investments in digital initiatives to improve productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. The company's liquidity and capital resources were well-positioned entering the crisis, and it maintained capital ratios designed to absorb market volatility. The company aims to maintain a strong solvency margin ratio and risk-based capital ratios. The company has made tactical adjustments to its existing foreign currency-hedging program to mitigate hedging costs and related risks while maintaining a strong solvency margin ratio. The company has crisis command centers set up in Japan and the U.S. to manage various types of crises, including natural disasters and cybersecurity events. The company remains committed to prudent liquidity and capital management and is taking a tactical approach to capital allocation. The company has also implemented measures to address employee health and safety and increase employees' ability to develop and maintain flexible working conditions. The company's operations and those of its vendors, service providers, and counterparties may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or the mitigation efforts outlined above. The company cannot predict with certainty the impact of these events on its distribution channels and financial results, but the impact to date has been more acute for Aflac U.S. due to the higher number of confirmed COVID-19 cases and deaths in the U.S. The company has taken steps to comply with COVID-19-related directives issued by state regulatory authorities, including those requiring or requesting premium grace periods. The company continues to closely monitor the effects and risks of COVID-19 to assess its impact on economic conditions in Japan and the U.S. and on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital position. The company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect its businesses or result in losses. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss. The company's management uses adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of its insurance operations on a consolidated basis, and the company believes that a presentation of these measures is vitally important to an understanding of its underlying profitability drivers and trends of its insurance business.