The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption, impacting our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The extent to which the pandemic affects our operations will depend on numerous evolving factors, many of which are beyond our control. We have not experienced significant operating difficulties since implementing work-from-home practices; however, the inability to meet clients face to face has negatively impacted our ability to sell and provide services. The stresses of remote work may decrease employee productivity or make them feel detached from colleagues and the organization, potentially making them more vulnerable to solicitations by competing firms. Our increased reliance on work-from-home technologies may increase the risk of cybersecurity or data breaches. The global economic climate amplifies many of these risks, and the decline in economic activity caused by COVID-19 has adversely affected our business and financial condition. Continued reductions in our clients' exposure units will reduce the amount of insurance coverage and consulting services they need. The decline in economic activity has caused some clients to become financially less stable, and if this trend continues, our revenues and the collectability of our receivables will be adversely affected. We have faced significant competitive pressures, and the insurance brokerage and employee benefit consulting businesses are highly competitive. The primary factors determining our competitive position include the quality of services rendered and our ability to help clients manage their overall risk exposure and insurance costs. The transition to a low-carbon economy could harm specific industries or sectors, impacting our business and leading to a need for innovative insurance and risk management solutions. Our ability to generate returns from clean energy investments is subject to various risks, including environmental, political, and regulatory concerns. Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation, and impact client relationships. Our disaster recovery procedures may not be effective, and insurance may not address all losses. We are actively managing costs by limiting discretionary spending and adjusting our workforce where volumes have declined significantly. We believe our service levels remain unchanged from pre-pandemic levels, and we have not seen a meaningful decline in cash receipts from clients. However, a prolonged period of economic weakness may cause future cash collections to deteriorate. Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain experienced talent and foster a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are exposed to risks related to our operations outside the U.S., including geopolitical and economic risks that may disrupt our operations. Our ability to finance and integrate acquisitions may decrease if we complete a greater number of larger acquisitions than historically. We have historically acquired numerous insurance brokers and benefit consulting firms, and we believe that similar acquisition activity will be important to maintaining growth in the future.