The coronavirus global pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and ability to consummate future acquisitions. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries and the end markets for many of our products, which could result in an economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products. Our global manufacturing facilities remain open with a focus on safety protocols, though a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control have restricted our ability to keep our manufacturing facilities fully operational. We may be unable to perform fully on our customer obligations and we may incur liabilities and suffer losses as a result. The continued spread of COVID-19 may also affect our ability to hire, develop and retain our talented and diverse workforce, and our ability in short periods to fully maintain and support our corporate culture. We are committed to safely maintaining plant operations and focusing on business continuity, while reliably supplying critical products to our customers. During 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a rapid decline in demand which impacted most of our end markets and geographies. We continue to experience end market volatility; however, orders have begun to return and stabilize in many of our end markets. Our financial position remains strong, and we continue to closely monitor our fixed costs, capital expenditure plans, inventory, and capital resources to respond to changing conditions and to ensure we have the resources to meet our future needs. We believe that we will emerge from these events well positioned for long-term growth, though we cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of this global pandemic or its ultimate impact on the global economy and our business and results. Our operations are affected by global, regional and industry economic factors; however, the company's strategic geographic and industry diversification, and its mix of products and services, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. We recorded 2020 realignment costs totaling $43.9 million in response to the weak global economy, which included severance costs for a reduction in workforce and asset write-downs. We continue to assess the financial impact of the pandemic on our business. Our growth could suffer if the markets into which we sell our products and services decline, do not grow as anticipated or experience cyclicality. We may not properly execute, or realize anticipated cost savings or benefits from, our operational excellence initiatives. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. We are subject to numerous governmental regulations, which may be burdensome or lead to significant costs. Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws and regulations. We cannot predict the form any such new laws or regulations will take or the impact any of these laws and regulations will have on our business or operations. Our business and financial performance could be adversely impacted by a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation.