A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers, the financial condition of wireless service providers, zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations, governmental licensing of spectrum, and a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect our tenants through disruptions in their ability to procure telecommunications equipment and maintain liquidity, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. Our international operations expose us to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. We have taken a variety of measures to ensure the continued availability of our communications sites, including providing support for our tenants remotely and requiring work-from-home arrangements. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions as required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, tenants, and business partners. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operating efficiencies. The loss of significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may experience disputes with our tenants, which could lead to a termination of leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those tenants. Our expansion initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations and personnel. If we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios. We may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, or if we are able to do so, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, including compliance with bribery and anti-corruption laws and the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may impact our ability to raise additional capital through debt financing activities or our ability to repay or refinance maturing liabilities. We believe that the debt agreements represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, compliance with which is material to understanding our financial results and liquidity. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. If we determine that it is desirable to raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so, or such additional financing may be prohibitively expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.