The covid-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected our businesses, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and third-party sellers. To serve our customers while also providing for the safety of our employees and service providers, we have modified numerous aspects of our logistics, transportation, supply chain, purchasing, and third-party seller processes. We have adapted our fulfillment network to implement employee and customer safety measures, such as enhanced cleaning and physical distancing, personal protective gear, disinfectant spraying, and temperature checks. We incurred approximately $4.0 billion in covid-19 related costs in Q4 2020, for a total of more than $11.5 billion during 2020. We will continue to prioritize employee and customer safety and comply with evolving federal, state, and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and communities. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks. We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws and policies. The variability in our retail business places increased strain on our operations. Demand for our products and services can fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including as a result of seasonality, promotions, product launches, or unforeseeable events, such as in response to natural or man-made disasters, extreme weather, or geopolitical events. Our failure to stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts could significantly affect our revenue and future growth. We regularly experience increases in our net shipping costs due to complimentary upgrades and additional long-zone shipments necessary to ensure timely delivery. We may be unable to adequately staff our fulfillment network and customer service centers during peak periods, and delivery and other fulfillment companies may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers. Failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize our fulfillment network and data centers can result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity, increased costs, and impairment charges. Our reliance on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders exposes us to risks that could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches, and our systems are not fully redundant. The loss of key senior management personnel or the failure to hire and retain highly skilled personnel could negatively affect our business. Our supplier relationships subject us to risks, including the inability to procure alternatives from other suppliers in a timely manner. We provide physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other services to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and business relationships, which may limit the amount of business we can service. Our business suffers when we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining acquisitions and investments. We face significant inventory risk that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, and changes in consumer demand. We are subject to payments-related risks and regulatory requirements that could disrupt our business. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant market volatility, contributing to defaults in our accounts receivable and affecting asset valuations.