The COVID-19 pandemic has had and could continue to have an adverse impact on the business operations of our company and our customers, partners, manufacturers, suppliers, distribution fulfillment centers, and service depots. We experienced, and may continue to experience, manufacturing and supply chain disruptions and logistic challenges. Our contract manufacturers have experienced workforce disruptions and delays in production and exporting products. We have purchased buffer inventories of components and products that have extended lead times to ensure adequate supply to support long-term customer demand, which may increase the risk of future excess and obsolete inventory. The pandemic could limit our ability to add new customers and cause sales disruptions, order cancellations, and overall lower demand for our products and services. We could face increased risk of customer defaults and delays in payment. The uncertainty around vaccination deployment and the impact of new strains of COVID-19 makes it difficult to predict the full impact of the pandemic on our business operations and financial performance. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak economic conditions, fear or anticipation of such conditions, and reduced information technology and network infrastructure spending could adversely affect our business. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands, and our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our ability to manage our supply chain may be adversely affected by shortages of components used to manufacture our products, a reduction or interruption of supply, and geopolitical conditions. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process, quality assurance, product costs, and product supply and timing. We may experience significant fluctuations in our financial and other results of operations due to various factors, including disruptions caused by COVID-19 and government restrictions in response to the pandemic. We expect our gross margins to vary over time and to be adversely affected by numerous factors, including pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, the mix of sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and excess/obsolete inventory write-downs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings.