Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control. The COVID-19 global pandemic may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect demand to continue to be impacted and are monitoring the health of our employees, many of whom are working remotely. Although we have business continuity and other safeguards in place, we cannot be certain that they will be fully effective for extended periods of time. The decline in economic conditions due to COVID-19 may adversely affect our business and financial condition, and such impact may be material. We are actively investing large amounts of capital and other resources in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential. Our operations in these markets may be subject to greater risks, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, and increased difficulty recruiting, training, and retaining qualified employees. The operation of our facilities inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, and mechanical failures. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. We face strong competition from large global competitors and many smaller regional competitors, and the introduction of new technologies or competing products could weaken demand for our products. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and involve significantly larger and more complex projects, including gasification projects. We may encounter difficulties in engineering, delays in designs or materials, equipment and materials delivery delays, and other factors that may impact our ability to complete a project within the original delivery schedule. We are subject to extensive government regulation, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, employee error, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain our internal controls environment and financial reporting accuracy. We are continually developing and implementing new technologies and product offerings, and existing technologies are being implemented in products and designs or at scales beyond our experience base. The successful operation of particular facilities or execution of projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of war, sabotage, or terrorism. Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, pandemics, and acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect our ability to produce and distribute products and possibly expose us to third-party liability claims. We believe we will be able to mitigate some of the increased costs through contractual terms, but the lack of definitive legislation or regulatory requirements prevents an accurate estimate of the long-term impact these measures will have on our operations.