Due to external factors and opinions, law enforcement agencies may elect to no longer purchase our products, which could adversely affect our revenues. We are materially dependent on acceptance of our products by law enforcement markets, both domestic and international. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. If we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can consistently be configured for customers with minimal effort, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, public health crisis, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. We remain focused on protecting the health and well-being of our employees while assuring the continuity of our business operations. We have proactively built up a safety stock of raw and finished goods inventory aligned to our strategic model to help meet strong product demand while also preparing us to stagger factory work schedules. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. We have implemented additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on direct sales and independent distributors. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers, and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors, and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. We are subject to various laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process, and/or receive certain data that is critical to our operations. We have decided to pursue sales directly with law enforcement customers, rather than working through established distribution channels. Our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors, and we may face resistance to this change. We are continuously monitoring our supply chain to manage through potential impacts, finding alternate sources as well as shipping/logistic options as available or working with foreign regulators to ensure that our suppliers can provide parts. We are in a strong liquidity position, with substantial cash and investments on hand, which are discussed in more detail under liquidity and capital resources. Our expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020, increased by approximately $4.1 million for costs related to the pandemic. We expect ongoing increased costs related to the mitigation of contamination risk at our facilities. Our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity may be accomplished by the implementation of customized manufacturing automation equipment. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results, and financial condition.