Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19, which has been declared a pandemic and continues to spread, potentially having a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow. Continued business disruption caused by COVID-19 may require significant actions to mitigate the impact, including employee furloughs, reductions in store hours, and store closings. The pandemic may also magnify other risks associated with our business and operations, including our ability to promptly adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuations in customer demand and comply with complex and evolving laws related to health and safety. We have taken numerous measures to ensure the health, safety, and well-being of our customers and employees, including providing new emergency time-off benefit enhancements and investing in supplies for protection. Our sales initially declined but have since rebounded, reaching record levels, although we remain unable to predict the long-term impact of COVID-19 due to numerous uncertainties. Our business is impacted by various macroeconomic factors, including fuel costs, wage rates, and other economic conditions. We have experienced challenges in recruiting and hiring employees in certain retail stores and distribution centers, which may affect our operational continuity. Our ability to grow depends on new location openings and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We have made significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. If we fail to effectively utilize our existing hubs and supply chains, we could experience sub-optimal inventory levels or increases in operating costs, which could adversely affect our sales volume and margins. Our operations are also subject to risks associated with products sourced outside the U.S., including disruptions in maritime lanes, port labor disputes, and economic conditions in supplier countries. We rely heavily on our information technology systems for key business processes, and any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. We consider information security a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning throughout the company. Our success in international operations depends on our ability to manage unique challenges presented by international markets, including compliance with local laws and customs. We maintain a strong focus on our brand reputation, which is critical for driving sales growth. Any negative publicity could damage our reputation and result in reduced demand for our merchandise. We are also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations that are complex and frequently revised, and failure to comply could lead to governmental enforcement action or private litigation. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected by significant changes in macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which could impact our sales growth, margins, and overhead.