The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economies and has adversely impacted our performance and results of operations. The pandemic has exacerbated many of the other risks discussed in this risk factors section. The longer the pandemic impacts activity levels in the locations and sectors in which we operate, the more likely it is to have a sustained, material impact on the economy and on us. Issues with respect to the distribution or adoption of vaccines or the spread of variants of the virus could lead people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at pre-pandemic levels for a prolonged period of time. Adverse impacts on our business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic include performance revenues, as our ability to realize value from our investments was adversely impacted by decreased portfolio company revenues and earnings. Limited opportunities for realizing gains also delayed or eliminated receipt of performance revenues. The pandemic slowed our anticipated fundraising pace for new or successor funds during the first quarter of 2020. Although our fundraising pace substantially recovered during the remainder of 2020, we may experience another such decline in the pace of our investments and recovery. Our portfolio companies faced increased credit and liquidity risk due to volatility in financial markets, reduced revenue streams, and limited access or higher cost of financing. Changes in the debt financing markets impacted our portfolio companies' ability to meet their respective financial obligations. The initial outbreak of the pandemic created additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' and investments' liquidity needs, including by adversely impacting rent collection and operational performance in certain sectors and geographies. Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. We may not be able to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, and making it more difficult to fund opportunities for our funds to exist and realize value from existing investment. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses to maintain profitability, including by cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers. Our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology, and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our technology infrastructure has supported remote work during the pandemic, but such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks. The majority of our employees globally have been working remotely, and an extended period of remote working could introduce operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. The asset management business is intensely competitive, and we expect that competition will continue to increase. We may lose investment opportunities in the future if we do not match investment prices, structures, and terms offered by competitors.