During 2020, Citi demonstrated solid performance as well as financial strength and operational resilience, despite a significant deterioration in public health and economic conditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Citi's earnings were substantially reduced by a higher allowance for credit loss build during the year under the CECL standard. Despite the challenging environment, Citi's revenues were largely unchanged from the prior year, as strong performance in fixed income markets, equity markets, investment banking, and the private bank offset the impact of lower interest rates and reduced customer activity in global consumer banking. Citi's expenses reflected continued investments in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment. Broad-based deposit growth across institutional clients group and global consumer banking reflected strong client engagement and an elevated level of liquidity in the financial system. Citi continued to support its colleagues, customers, clients, and communities during this challenging time while maintaining a strong balance sheet. The economic outlook for 2021 reflects continued challenges and uncertainties related to the pandemic, which have created a more volatile operating environment that will continue to negatively impact Citi's businesses and results. Citi's organizational response to the pandemic has been governed by its executive management team and driven through regional task forces, focusing on managing pandemic responses, implementing continuity of business plans, and addressing customer and client needs. Citi's dedicated continuity of business and crisis management groups are managing protocols in response to the pandemic, ensuring the safety and well-being of staff while maintaining high levels of client servicing. The protocols address critical processing prioritization, remote work capabilities, and ongoing monitoring to assess controls and service levels. Citi has also engaged closely with customers, clients, regulators, and other stakeholders to assure alignment on pandemic-related matters. The allowance for credit losses increased significantly, reflecting the impact of a deterioration in Citi's macroeconomic outlook, with an additional qualitative management adjustment to reflect the potential for a higher level of stress and a slower economic recovery. Citi's management of COVID-19 pandemic risks has involved modifying the contractual terms of corporate loans to borrowers impacted by the pandemic, providing deferrals in the payment of principal and/or interest. The company has taken proactive measures to support colleagues' well-being while maintaining its ability to serve customers and clients. Citi has committed significant resources to community relief and economic recovery efforts globally, including consumer relief programs that have provided assistance to millions of consumers and small businesses impacted by the pandemic. The response to the pandemic has highlighted the importance of organizational resilience, adaptability, and the ability to maintain operational continuity under challenging conditions.