The COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. The rapid spread has resulted in weaker demand and constrained supply, impacting all or portions of our workforce and operations. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect demand for the company's products and services, the value of the equipment financed or leased, and the financial condition and credit risk of our dealers and customers. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's financial and operational results will be determined by the length of time that the pandemic continues, its effect on demand for the company's products and services, and the supply chain, as well as the effect of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters or civil unrest, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of our products to dealers, end-users, and distribution centers. Our business and the industries we serve are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for the manufacture of our products, and production challenges at suppliers could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience transportation delays for parts, components, and finished machines due to significant demands in global transportation and congestion at ports throughout the globe. Our business, competitive position, results of operations, or financial condition could be negatively impacted if supply is insufficient for our operations, if significant transportation delays interfere with deliveries, or if we are unable to adjust our production schedules or our purchases from suppliers to reflect changes in customer demand and market fluctuations on a timely basis. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. Our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on leading-edge innovation, with respect to both products and operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations, which may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or remit dividends and other payments. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. The overall magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic and the continued fluidity of the situation could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition. We have taken actions to reduce costs and prioritize our spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, key elements of our strategy for profitable growth.