Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the sections below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. While we are unable to accurately predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our results of operations, our compliance with containment measures has impacted our day-to-day operations and could disrupt our business and operations, as well as that of our key customers, suppliers, and other counterparties, for an indefinite period of time. The disruptions to our operations caused by COVID-19 may result in inefficiencies, delays, and additional costs in our product development, sales, marketing, and customer service efforts that we cannot fully mitigate through remote or other alternative work arrangements. Moreover, access by our employees to our laboratory facilities necessary for the development of certain IP products has been and may in the future be disrupted due to local conditions. The pandemic raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and has caused volatility in financial markets, which could affect demand for our products and services and impact our results and financial condition even after the pandemic is contained. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Various factors affect our operating results, and some of them are not within our control. Our operating results for any period are affected by the mix of products and services sold in a given period and the timing of revenue recognition. We have experienced varied operating results, and our cash flows from operating activities have and will continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors, including the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements, and tax payments. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. If economic conditions or international trade relationships deteriorate in the future, or if semiconductor or electronics systems industry revenues do not grow, our future revenues and financial results could be adversely affected. We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive and therefore harm our results of operations. Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts, and abilities of our senior management and other key employees. Competition for highly skilled executive officers and employees can be intense, particularly in geographic areas recognized as high technology centers. We may also experience increased compensation costs that are not offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. Our ability to do so also depends on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations, such as cyber hacking, public health emergencies, or civil unrest, could significantly interfere with our business operations. We have made and expect to make strategic investments and may not realize the expected benefits of these investments. The accounting applied to strategic investments depends on a number of factors, including our percentage of ownership and the level of our influence over the entity. Losses experienced by these strategic investment entities or associated impairment charges could adversely impact our operating results and the value of our investment.