We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has increased economic and demand uncertainty, causing an economic recession. We cannot predict the duration of any business disruption and the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business. Our ability to successfully operate our business and deliver services during the COVID-19 pandemic is a result of investments we have made in our network, our employees, and our systems. Despite the restrictions, we have continued to deliver our services uninterrupted across our footprint. We expect bad debt expense and churn in 2021 to return to pre-pandemic levels. We have invested significantly in our self-service infrastructure, and customers have accelerated the adoption of our digital self-service capabilities and self-installation program. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. Our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications industry. The pandemic has significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees work and provide services to our customers. We expect that some of the COVID-19 programs may result in incremental churn and bad debt in 2021. We enhanced safety protocols for field and other employees working outside their home. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. We have prioritized requests from government, healthcare, and educational institutions for new fiber connections, bandwidth upgrades, and new services. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters, and similar events. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We cannot predict future developments in regulatory and legislative matters, which could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our business. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or the adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our business.