Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. The trading volumes in our markets are directly affected by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including economic, political and geopolitical market conditions, legislative and regulatory changes, and competition. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility. However, extreme uncertainties may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure and lower interest rates. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers universal access to maximize the efficient use of capital and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets, which requires us to expand our product offerings and trade execution facilities. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk for cyber attacks and other cybersecurity risks, which could result in interruptions in our operations. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy and has disrupted our business and that of our clients. The ongoing health emergency has caused significant disruption in the international and U.S. economies, leading to decreased trading volume and unprecedented market stresses. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to mitigate risks. However, these measures may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business. We depend on third-party suppliers and service providers for critical services, and an interruption or cessation of these services could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business exposes us to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties, and a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us. We have established a fund to provide payments to qualified participants who suffer losses if their clearing firm becomes insolvent. Our growth strategy focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies. However, we may encounter difficulties in executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively, which could adversely impact our financial condition and operating results. We maintain risk management and compliance policies designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor, and manage our risks, but such policies may not be fully effective. The management of operational, financial, legal, and compliance risks requires effective policies and procedures, and we cannot guarantee that our policies will always be effective.