The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. We may be more susceptible than our competitors to significant adverse consequences arising from food safety incidents due to several highly publicized food safety events in our restaurants and failure to adhere to our food safety standards. The risk of illnesses associated with our food also may increase due to the growth of our delivery or catering businesses, in which our food is transported and/or served in transportation conditions that are not under our control. All of these factors could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain guests, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability. The restaurant industry is highly competitive, and if we are not able to compete successfully, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. Increased competition could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and development plans. We continue to believe that our commitment to higher-quality and responsibly sourced ingredients gives us a competitive advantage; however, more competitors have made claims related to the quality of their ingredients. If we are unable to continue to maintain our distinctiveness and compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our financial results, operations and outlook for an extended period of time. The COVID-19 pandemic, and restrictions imposed by federal, state and local governments in response to the outbreak, have disrupted and will continue to disrupt our business. The mobility restrictions, fear of contracting the coronavirus and the sharp increase in unemployment caused by the closure of businesses in response to the COVID-19 outbreak have adversely affected our guest traffic, which in turn adversely impacts our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Restaurant closures, limited service options or modified hours of operation due to staffing shortages could materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. To protect the health and safety of our employees and guests, we provide face coverings for all restaurant employees, offer enhanced health and welfare benefits, and implemented a tamper evident packaging seal for all digital orders. These measures have increased our operating costs and adversely affected our liquidity. The COVID-19 outbreak also has affected and may continue to adversely affect the ability of certain of our suppliers to fulfill their obligations to us, which may negatively affect our restaurant operations. We also modified our plans for opening new restaurants and remodeling existing restaurants due to the COVID-19 outbreak. To preserve liquidity, we delayed new restaurant construction and restaurant remodels that were scheduled to begin during the first half of the year. We cannot predict how long the COVID-19 outbreak will last or if it will reoccur even after the vaccines are widely administered, when government restrictions and mandates will be imposed or lifted, or how quickly, if at all, guests will return to their pre-COVID-19 purchasing behaviors. Our ability to respond to minimum wage increases by increasing menu prices depends on willingness of our guests to pay the higher prices and our perceived value relative to competitors. Our failure to recruit and retain new restaurant crew members in a timely manner or higher employee turnover levels could affect our ability to open new restaurants and grow sales at existing restaurants, and we may experience higher than projected labor costs. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution, safety and sale of our products depends significantly on the availability, reliability and security of these systems. If any of our critical IT systems were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our profitability.