Item 1A. Risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Business conditions/disruptions indicate we are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers, including suppliers that may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and any delay in receiving critical supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. A sustained market slowdown due to the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, other public health crises, epidemics or pandemics could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our manufacturing and supply chain abilities may be materially and adversely impacted by an extended shutdown or disruption of our operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Our markets are cyclical in nature, and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including COVID-19 related shutdowns. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. Our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost overruns, and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers, which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. Many are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource their engine production in the future. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand, and our relationships with customers and suppliers. We are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, and while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities, or claims. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel as a critical part of our human capital resources. Our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. The ongoing spread of the virus presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021. Our board of directors continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors along with the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations. The potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities, and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. Concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional, and local legislative and regulatory responses. We could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence, and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease greenhouse gas emissions.