Our business operations could be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. We expect these trends to continue, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit. If we do not compete successfully, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The impact on us will be greater if consolidation among our customers, suppliers, and competitors gives the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, which could lead to greater pressure on us to reduce prices for our products and services. Our revenue and results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer. Volatility of the capital and credit markets, general economic conditions, and regulatory changes may adversely affect the solvency or creditworthiness of our customers. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased volatility of the capital and credit markets and has led to a general worsening of economic conditions, which has put financial pressure on many of our customers. The bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer that has a substantial amount owed to us could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenue and results of operations. We may lose a significant customer or group purchasing organization if any existing contract with such customer or GPO expires without being extended, renewed, renegotiated, or replaced. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties. A disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements with Walgreens could adversely affect our business and financial results. The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our operations, supply chains, and distribution network. We have implemented measures designed to keep our employees safe and address business continuity issues at our distribution centers and other locations. We continue to evaluate and plan for the potential effects of a prolonged disruption and the related impacts on our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. We face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including risks related to any responses thereto by the federal or state governments as well as customers and suppliers. The continued spread of COVID-19 could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. We also face risks related to a downturn in our customers' respective businesses, including the operations of our retail pharmacy and health systems customers. An economic slowdown or recession related to COVID-19 may affect our customers' ability to obtain credit to finance their business on acceptable terms, which could result in reduced spending on our products and services. The impacts of the continued spread of COVID-19 could also cause other unpredictable events, each of which could adversely affect our business, revenue, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items. A failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, and result in litigation and/or regulatory action. We have substantial investments in technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems. The long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical distribution industry in particular are unclear, and changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy may affect the availability or cost of goods and services necessary to run our businesses. Any long-term disruption in our ability to service our customers from one or more distribution centers could have a material adverse effect on our operations.