The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised significant portions of net sales and operating income. Declines in financial performance could arise from slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales, negative trends in operating expenses, failing to meet targets for warehouse openings, and shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new markets, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, and disruptions due to extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party logistics providers, and any failure to timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends could negatively affect our relationship with our members and market share. The availability and performance of our information technology systems are vital for our business to operate efficiently, and failure to execute complex IT projects could adversely impact our operations. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects, and failure of these projects could impair our day-to-day business operations. It is important that we build strong digital resiliency for our business-critical systems to prevent disruption from events such as power outages and computer viruses. Significant investments in enhancing our digital resiliency are being made, and failure or delay in execution could impact our ability to be resilient to disruptive events. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst evolving threat landscapes, and failure to meet these requirements could damage our reputation and subject us to litigation. Increased IT security threats pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. Cybersecurity attacks may disrupt our systems and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to widespread impacts on the global economy and affected many aspects of our business. We are taking precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, and the pandemic has significantly impacted the global supply chain, resulting in delays and increased operational costs. The pandemic has also challenged our ability to anticipate and adjust inventory levels to meet fluctuating member demand. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, including government regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Our ability to procure commodities may be affected by extreme weather conditions. We are subject to risks associated with legislative, judicial, regulatory, and political factors that could adversely affect our business. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and we must attract, train, and retain qualified employees to maintain operational continuity.