The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and have materially affected our operating results and cash flows; the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and cash flows remain uncertain. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have cancelled or delayed some customer events and shifted many of them to virtual-only experiences. Our shift to creating virtual customer, employee, and industry events may not be successful, and we may not be able to showcase our products as well as, or generate the same customer interest, opportunities, and leads through virtual events as we have historically done through in-person events. The global work-from-home operating environment has caused strain for, and has adversely impacted productivity of, certain employees, and these conditions may persist and harm our business, including our future sales and operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic may have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working, presenting risks for our real estate portfolio and strategy and operational and workplace culture challenges that may adversely affect our business. Moreover, the conditions caused by COVID-19 initially affected customer IT spending and may in the future adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our enterprise cloud computing services. The extent and duration of these measures could also impact our ability to address cybersecurity incidents, have resulted in increased internet demand which could cause access issues, could affect our ability to develop and support products and services, and could cause issues with access to data centers. Our operations have been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control. Authorities throughout the world have implemented numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate further spread of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, work-from-home directives, and shelter-in-place orders. These public health measures have caused, and are continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have impacted our business and results of operations and cash flows. The long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition or results of operations remains uncertain. We may not be able to make necessary investments as quickly or effectively as required to successfully scale our operations. We continue to experience significant growth in our customer base and personnel, particularly through acquisitions, which has placed a strain on and may stress the capabilities of our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, making it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure comprises many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. This infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. Any disruption or damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. Our ability to mitigate these risks may be impacted by frequent changes to, and growth in complexity of, the techniques used to breach, obtain unauthorized access to, or sabotage IT systems and infrastructure. We have developed systems and processes designed to protect our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, but we can provide no assurances that such measures will provide absolute security or that a material breach will not occur.