Our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic and the resulting containment measures have caused economic and financial disruptions globally, including in most of the regions in which we sell our products and services. The magnitude and duration of the disruption, its continuing impact on us, and resulting decline in global business activity is uncertain. These disruptions include unprecedented actions taken to try to contain the pandemic, such as travel bans and restrictions, business closures, and social distancing measures. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services in various sectors, along with IT-related capital spending reductions or shifts in spending focus, that could materially adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. The extent and/or duration of ongoing workforce restrictions and limitations could impact our ability to enhance, develop, and support existing products and services, and hold product sales and marketing events to the extent we were able to previously. We are continuing to monitor the pandemic and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy. Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority and growth areas, such as security and applications, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and in services. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. We have initiated a restructuring plan to realign the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. The implementation of this restructuring plan may be disruptive to our business, and following completion of the restructuring plan, our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation. The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets. The pandemic and resulting economic uncertainty could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position is critical at this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas as well as maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and in services.