The covid-19 pandemic has created widespread disruption in the global economy and is having an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance, as well as on the results of operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve and operate. The duration of the pandemic itself and the market and workplace disruptions it has caused, including disruptions imposed by federal, state and local actions, as well as the potential for new government regulations, and the long-term effects on the economy and our customers are uncertain and as yet unknowable. These factors, as they become more certain, could adversely affect our workforce, sales and overall business. In response to the impact of covid-19, cintas put in place health and safety measures to keep cintas employees, contractors and customers safe. These health and safety measures have not materially impacted our ability to service our customers. Many of cintas' customers were also impacted by covid-19 and we did see an impact on some customer's ability to pay. While there was minimal disruption to our supply chain, cintas did experience an increase in inventory caused by the impact of covid-19. Cintas also initiated certain activities to reduce operating costs and better align its workforce with the needs of its ongoing business. Unexpected events could negatively impact our operations and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, viral pandemics such as covid-19, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. We rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We also rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our sap enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law.