The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict and involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The profitability of the companies' businesses is dependent on their ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. The companies make assessments throughout the review period and will record a regulatory liability for refunds and/or benefits to customers in any period it is determined probable, which could be material to the companies' results of operations. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, and compliance with these legal requirements requires significant capital. The companies are subject to risks associated with operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the companies' power stations. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies are also subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject them to monetary penalties. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies' operations are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, and a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation, and compliance costs. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The companies may not complete the facility construction or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms, costs, or timing than initially estimated. The development, construction, and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involve significant execution risk. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' ability to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on their operations. The companies' business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain, and motivate employees. The companies' inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. The companies are subject to risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies continue to monitor the global outbreak of COVID-19 and developments affecting its workforce, suppliers, and other aspects of its business, such as construction projects, and will take additional precautions as warranted.