Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. The pandemic has required us and our third-party vendors to activate certain business continuity programs and make ongoing adjustments to operations. To the extent that these plans and backup servicing and other strategies and adjustments are either not available, insufficient or cannot be implemented in whole or in part, we may be exposed to legal, regulatory, reputational, operational, information security or financial risk. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic contraction has adversely impacted and is expected to continue to adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. We had put various programs in place to assist affected borrowers during the initial onset of the pandemic. The programs generally provided borrowers with flexibility to make monthly payments, including allowing customers to skip payments without penalty. We have also completed numerous stress tests to assess the impact of a severe economic downturn on our capital and liquidity and maintain ample amounts of both to ensure we remain well-capitalized and funded while continuing to serve our customers and extend special accommodations to those who need it. Our ability to remain organizationally effective is critical to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. We must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. The COVID-19 pandemic has reshaped the economy and consumer behavior at a previously unimaginable pace and has brought with it or magnified a host of widespread and systemic risks that have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. The depth and duration of this economic contraction is unknown and currently unpredictable. The ultimate effect of these programs as well as federal stimulus programs on our credit losses will not be known for some time. The speed at which vaccinations are rolled out coupled with the resurgence of COVID-19 in areas where the pandemic previously appeared to have subsided or been contained only adds to the uncertainty and unpredictability of the pace of recovery. The current economic environment has required us to adapt and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. We have re-opened some of our physical locations with appropriate health safety measures and capacity limitations, including our corporate headquarters. However, we have informed employees that they may continue to work from home and will not be required to return to our physical locations until June 2021, at the earliest. Our operations continue largely unaffected due to the successful implementation of certain of our business continuity plans. The shift to work-from-home has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers.