The discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K describes various risks and uncertainties we are or may become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects in a material and adverse manner. The impacts of C-19 and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the United States began to adversely affect our business. However, residential construction and financial services were designated as essential businesses in almost all of our markets, which allowed us to continue to operate during that time. We implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state, and local government agencies. Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and levels of business confidence and consumer confidence. There is significant uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long C-19 and its related effects will impact the U.S. economy and level of employment, capital markets, secondary mortgage markets, consumer confidence, demand for our homes, and availability of mortgage loans to homebuyers. The extent to which C-19 impacts our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of C-19 and the impact on our customers, trade partners, and employees, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We have made operational adjustments as a result of C-19; however, our strategy remains consistent and includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are also actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions is critical for maintaining operational continuity and ensuring organizational resilience. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, and support other general corporate and operational needs. Our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in the demand for our homes will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business, highlighting the interconnectedness of our operations and the need for strategic resilience in the face of external pressures.