The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and continues to pose risks to, certain elements of our business and our financial statements, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The pandemic has caused a global recession of potentially extended duration, and the direct impact of COVID-19 and the preventive measures implemented have adversely affected our operations, commercial organizations, supply chains, and distribution systems. We have activated our business continuity plans in response to the pandemic, including steps to keep our workforce healthy and safe, and are assessing and updating those plans on an ongoing basis. We expect to experience continued adverse impacts on our business and financial statements, which are unpredictable and may be material. The actions we take in response to improvements in conditions may vary widely by geography and line of business and will likely be made with incomplete information, posing the risk that such actions may prove to be premature, incorrect, or insufficient. Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, and slower economic growth in domestic and international markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered. The health care industry is undergoing significant changes to reduce and increase the predictability of costs, which can adversely affect our business and financial statements. We rely on collaborative relationships with third parties for development, supply, and marketing of certain products, and such partners could fail to perform sufficiently. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. If we do not develop innovative products on a timely basis, our offerings may become obsolete, adversely affecting our business and financial statements. The manufacture of many of our products is a complex process, and if we encounter problems, our business and financial statements could suffer. Our operations are subject to catastrophic loss due to various unforeseen events, and if any of our facilities or supply chains were to experience such a loss, it could disrupt our operations and result in significant repair or replacement expenses. Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities, and any sustained interruption in supply could adversely affect our business. We have implemented significant restructuring activities to adjust our cost structure, which can slow improvements in our products and services and limit our ability to respond to customers. The company is making significant investments to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing and research resources. The company continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its liquidity and capital resources and has taken actions intended to mitigate adverse impacts.