For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. The adverse impact of COVID-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue. The impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time, and COVID-19 impacts that have subsided may again impact our businesses in the future. We have experienced disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the deferral or cancellation of certain sports events and suspension of production of most film and television content. Our mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses have had, or may have, negative impacts. We may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing; not declaring future dividends; reducing, or not making, certain payments; further suspending capital spending; reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. The most significant impact of COVID-19 on fiscal 2020 operating results was an estimated detriment of approximately $6.9 billion on operating income at our parks, experiences, and products segment due to revenue lost as a result of the closures or reduced operating capacities. The estimated impact is net of approximately $500 million in government credits. The impact of these disruptions and the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, talent, and guests. We currently estimate these costs may total approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2021. The reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes. The company has significantly increased cash balances through the issuance of senior notes and entered into an additional $5.0 billion credit facility. We may implement additional furloughs or reductions in force, and our operations could be suspended or re-suspended by government action or otherwise in the future. The company has impaired goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels businesses and written down the value of certain of our retail store assets. The duration of business closures and other impacts related to COVID-19, and the corresponding duration of the impacts to our operating cash flows, are subject to substantial uncertainty. We believe that the company's financial condition remains strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities. The company's borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the company's performance as measured by certain credit metrics. The company may adjust its business strategies to meet changes in the business environment, and we may otherwise decide to further restructure our operations or particular businesses or assets. The company's operations could be negatively impacted by a significant COVID-19 outbreak impacting our employees, customers, or others interacting with our businesses, including our supply chain.