Investing in our securities involves risks, including competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service, and price. Our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to successfully introduce new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, and marketing of new products and services, which may negatively impact our operating results. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, which are subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies, and regulations in host countries. The global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has significantly increased economic, demand, and operational uncertainty, impacting our business and operations. We have taken actions to protect our employees and mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including embracing guidelines set by health organizations. The actions taken around the world to slow the spread of COVID-19 have also impacted our customers and suppliers, and future developments could cause further disruptions. The impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers has negatively impacted demand for our products and could continue to do so. Our substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies. We monitor market prices of the commodities we require and attempt to mitigate price exposure through hedging activities. Our business success depends on the ability to attract, develop, and retain key personnel, as their skills, experience, and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and performance. Security and data privacy breaches, or disruptions of our information technology systems, could adversely affect our business. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures, our information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, and increased cybersecurity protection costs. The company has adopted certain voluntary targets related to environmental protection, and increased public awareness regarding global climate change may result in more restrictive or expansive standards. We have been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company remains committed to its dividend plan and has taken actions to ensure adequate liquidity. Management's actions to adjust to the lower demand caused by COVID-19 supported the company's commitment to its dividend plan. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future. The guidance assumes no major operational or supply chain disruptions and acknowledges that future developments related to COVID-19 could adversely affect our operations and financial results.