The ongoing covid-19 pandemic could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We have continuously monitored our global operations as the pandemic has spread and have implemented procedures focusing on the health and safety of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, the continuity of our business offerings, and compliance with governmental regulations and local public health guidance. We have activated our business continuity and pandemic plans, and while our business operations have continued without interruption and our ibx data centers have remained fully operational to date, we cannot guarantee that our business operations or our ibx data centers will not be negatively impacted in the future. We have implemented processes to limit and schedule access to certain ibx data centers as well as social distancing and hygiene protocols in response to the growing number of suspected and confirmed covid-19 cases. These proactive actions may result in business delays, operational disruption, and customer dissatisfaction. Employee illnesses resulting from the pandemic could result in further inefficiencies or delays, and a suspected or confirmed case in an ibx data center could require temporary closure of the affected ibx data center for cleaning or until local regulatory requirements are fulfilled. Any closure of an ibx data center or limitation of customer access could cause customer dissatisfaction if customers are unable to access their equipment within the ibx data center. We also have service level agreements that could be affected if we are required to close an ibx data center for any reason. Preventative measures instituted by governments and businesses to mitigate the spread of covid-19 have negatively impacted the global economy and may adversely impact us, our customers, and vendors. We have experienced an information technology security breach in the past and may be vulnerable to future security breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business results of operation and financial performance. Despite our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks, we are not fully insulated from these types of security breaches, and such an attack could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. Our ibx data centers and our service offerings remained fully operational during the attack, and the incident did not affect our ability to support our customers. We further believe that we were able to contain the incident and that the resolution will prevent the release of any data associated with this attack. We will continue to face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems, loss or destruction of data, and other malicious activities. As we provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We maintain insurance coverage for cyber risks, but such coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses. We are also reliant on third-party construction labor to build and expand our ibx data centers, to which we may not have access due to the ongoing pandemic. We rely on materials, products, and manufacturing from regions of the world impacted by the pandemic. While we have received "essential business" permits for construction in some jurisdictions, these classifications may not extend to the construction of new ibx data centers in all of our jurisdictions. The extent to which the ongoing covid-19 pandemic will impact our financial condition or results of operations will depend on many factors and future developments, including new information about the pandemic, additional surges in infection rates, and any new government regulations that may emerge to contain the virus.