This report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and any future pandemic, epidemic, endemic, or similar public health threats and resulting negative impact on the global economy and financial markets may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, the duration and extent of which is highly uncertain and could be material. We must continually replace reserves depleted by production, but exploration is highly speculative and our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries. Our operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations, some of which require permits and other approvals, which may increase our costs and may delay or result in a suspension of our operations. Our business depends on good relations with our workforce and labor disputes or labor unrest could disrupt our operations from time to time, which could adversely affect our financial results. We are facing continued geotechnical challenges due to the older age of some of our open-pit mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex deposits. Our management of waste rock and tailings are subject to significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks that could adversely affect our business. The physical impacts of climate change may adversely affect our copper mining operations. We have proactively implemented operating protocols at each of our operating sites to contain and mitigate the risk of spread of COVID-19, including but not limited to physical distancing, travel restrictions, sanitizing, and frequent health screening and monitoring. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our 2020 operating plans. In April 2020, we announced revised operating plans in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic and resulting negative impact on the global economy. Our revised operating plans focused on safeguarding our business in an uncertain public health and economic environment. Our operations require significant energy, and regulation of greenhouse gas emissions may increase our costs and adversely affect our operations. Our business is dependent upon information technology systems, which may be adversely affected by disruptions, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration. We have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. Our relationships with the communities where we operate, including communities that are adjacent to or near our operations and indigenous people, are critical to the long-term success of our existing operations and the development of any future projects. We are also subject to claims where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. The laws and regulations governing mine closure and remediation in a particular jurisdiction and oil and gas properties plugging and abandonment obligations are subject to review at any time and may be amended to impose additional requirements and conditions, which may cause our provisions for environmental and asset retirement obligations to be underestimated and could materially affect our financial position or results of operations. The importance of careful design, management, and monitoring of large impoundments has been emphasized in recent years by large-scale tailings dam failures at unaffiliated mines, which resulted in numerous fatalities and caused extensive property and environmental damage. In addition, we must obtain regulatory permits and approvals to start, continue, and expand operations. Our operations are subject to complex, evolving, and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. The ramp-up of underground production at the Grasberg minerals district in Indonesia continues to advance on schedule. Our business may also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, which have not been included.