We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients, partners or vendors. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure and the resulting implementation delays or service interruption could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. In the event of operational failures or damage or disruption to our business due to these occurrences, we may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets and data through our business continuity program. We may also face challenges due to the presence of more established competitors and our lack of experience in such non-U.S. markets, and we may incur higher than anticipated costs. The covid-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty as to general global economic and market conditions. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. However, as the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. A lack of continued recovery or further deterioration in economic and market conditions could materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flows from operations. The ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due is dependent on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. We engage in regular communication with the banks that participate in our revolving credit facility. During these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. We periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions, pricing we receive on services and other aspects of the relationships. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations; integrating complex systems, technology, networks and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; potential unknown liabilities; and associated increased costs. We have taken several actions since the onset of the pandemic to protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees while maintaining business continuity. These actions include, among others, requiring a majority of our employees to work remotely, eliminating non-essential travel, suspending all non-essential visitors to our facilities, disinfecting facilities and workspaces extensively and frequently, providing personal protective equipment to associates and requiring employees who must be present at our facilities to adhere to a variety of safety protocols.