The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, leading to reduced consumer spending and disruptions in business operations. Our operational flexibility and strong balance sheet allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We have implemented travel restrictions and temporarily closed offices, which have disrupted how we operate our business. The pandemic has caused shutdowns and has adversely affected certain purchasing decisions by our customers. We have seen evidence that COVID-19 has adversely affected certain segments and originations volume, which may impact future revenue. We are unable to accurately predict the complete impact that COVID-19 will have on our future results of operations due to numerous uncertainties. If we are not able to respond to and manage these impacts effectively, our business may be harmed to a material extent. Our decision management strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible products to clients, as well as to enable the development of custom client solutions. We have increasingly focused our strategy on bringing our decision management assets together in a flexible, extensible, and cloud-native platform approach. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products, our revenues will decline. The potential for future stress and disruptions presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions, many of which are our customers. Such disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. Our operations may be further negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. We have granted and may continue to grant extended payment terms to a small number of customers as a result of COVID-19. We have not incurred significant financial disruptions thus far from the outbreak, but due to numerous uncertainties, we are unable to accurately predict the impact COVID-19 will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers, and ensuring business continuity. We have also accelerated reviews of our leased office spaces across our real estate portfolio to reshape and optimize our occupancy cost structures over the next several years. Our reengineering efforts are designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. We expect this course of action to result in an aggregate annual expense savings beginning in fiscal 2021. We continue to pursue our business objective to become a leader in helping businesses automate and improve decisions across their enterprises, which reflects our commitment to resilience and adaptability in the face of external pressures and challenges.