The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. During 2020, we adopted operational and governance rhythms across the company to coordinate and oversee actions related to the pandemic, including an internal task force to protect the health and safety of our employees globally and maintain business continuity. Each of GE's businesses and corporate are taking cost and cash actions to manage risk and proactively mitigate the financial impact from COVID-19, as supply and demand dynamics continue to shift. In 2020, we executed more than $2 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $3 billion in cash preservation actions across the company, including more than $1 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $2 billion in cash preservation actions at aviation, to right-size its cost structure and preserve its ability to serve customers. The ultimate impact of the pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including the severity and duration of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the pandemic; and the development, availability, and public acceptance of effective treatments or vaccines. We continue to evaluate market conditions as they evolve and take precautionary measures to strengthen our financial position. We ended the year with $36.6 billion of consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, in addition to our available credit lines of $20.2 billion. Our aviation segment has been significantly impacted, resulting in reduced flight schedules worldwide, an increased number of idle aircraft, lower utilization, workforce reductions, and declining financial performance within the airline industry. This has decreased demand for higher-margin service revenues within our aviation segment, directly impacting our profitability and cash flows. Our healthcare segment experienced increased demand for certain types of products and services, including ventilators and monitoring solutions, partially offset by decreased demand in other parts of the business as patients postponed certain procedures. We anticipate many of these impacts related to demand, profitability, and cash flows will continue in future periods depending on the severity and duration of the pandemic. We continue to monitor the pace of demand recovery to ensure the business is appropriately sized for the future. Aviation has taken several business actions to respond to the current adverse environment, including a reduction of approximately 25% of its total global workforce. For the year ended December 31, 2020, aviation realized more than $1 billion in operational cost reduction and $2 billion in cash preservation actions, including a headcount reduction of over 11,000 employees. The business is actively addressing supply chain execution challenges to enable future growth. We are also working closely with our airline and leasing customers to align production rates for 2021 and beyond. The pandemic has driven uncertainty in our markets globally, as well as additional supply chain and logistics costs, and we expect this to continue. In response to continuing near-term volatility and cost pressures, we have driven structural cost reduction and cash optimization actions that began in the first quarter of 2020.