In evaluating our business, we note that our operations could be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The pandemic has caused significant volatility and uncertainty in U.S. and international markets and has resulted in increased risks to our operations. We are monitoring a number of risks related to the pandemic, including disruptions to our supply chain and distribution, which could impact the availability or productivity of products and personnel at manufacturers, distributors, and freight carriers. The pandemic has adversely affected certain of our clinical trials, including our ability to initiate and complete our clinical trials within anticipated timelines, as clinical trial sites have imposed restrictions on patient visits. We may also experience delays in necessary interactions with regulatory authorities around the world, which may adversely impact our ability to launch new commercial products. The pandemic has limited patients' ability or willingness to access and seek care from healthcare providers, resulting in lower demand for our products. We face risks related to the health, safety, morale, and productivity of our employees, including the safe occupancy of our sites during the pandemic. Our corporate headquarters and certain R&D facilities are located in a seismically active region, which poses risks related to natural disasters. Our global operations are accompanied by financial, political, economic, and other risks, including exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships could negatively impact our business. We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers, which affects our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times, and unpredictable outcomes. We may be adversely impacted if we do not have favorable results from our studies and programs in our pipeline cannot be completed on a timely basis or at all. We may also face manufacturing difficulties, delays, or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, which could result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, or other interruptions in the commercial supply of our products. We need access to certain supplies and products to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture and sell our products, and if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of these materials, our development efforts may be delayed. We are subject to evolving laws and regulations applicable to the healthcare industry, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. Our ability to deliver on our strategy and objectives is subject to uncertainties, including the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment, and our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions and collaborations.