We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) shift resources to the development of electric vehicles. Industry participants are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation, and vehicle ownership. It is a strategic imperative that we succeed in driving the technological disruption occurring in our industry, including consumer adoption of electric vehicles and commercialization of autonomous vehicles. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is complex, costly, and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. If we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments, and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be harmed. The COVID-19 pandemic may disrupt our business and operations, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, any subsequent outbreaks, and the timing and efficacy of any available vaccines. Future developments are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence and may adversely impact our global supply chain and global manufacturing operations. We may also be subject to enhanced legal risks, including potential litigation related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our ability to meet cash requirements may be negatively impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The global automotive industry is highly competitive in terms of quality, innovation, new technologies, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, customer service, and financial services offered. We operate in a highly competitive industry that has excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and operating results. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles that will drive consumer adoption. The production and profitable sale of electric vehicles has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal and state or provincial regulations. Any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Our use of "just-in-time" manufacturing processes allows us to maintain minimal inventory. As a result, our ability to maintain production is dependent upon our suppliers delivering sufficient quantities of systems, components, raw materials, and parts on time to meet our production schedules. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts could cause us to alter production schedules or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues, adversely affecting our operations.