The unfavorable volume in 2020 was driven by lower sales across our businesses due to the impact of the global recession attributable to COVID-19 and volatility in the oil and gas industry, partially offset by strength in respiratory PPE products, warehouse automation projects, and defense and space. The global recession resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic impacted many of these industries, resulting in a reduction of discretionary spending and demand for our products and services. The global COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic and related impacts adversely affect and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flow. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to impact our business will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the duration, scope, and severity of the pandemic. The company has taken and may be required to redeploy significant cost actions, including reducing discretionary expenses, reducing hiring, canceling annual merit increases, and reducing staffing levels. However, the extent to which our mitigation efforts are successful is not currently ascertainable. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on our business may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact our future results of operations. Our business, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition are subject to material risks and uncertainties, including macroeconomic and industry risks that may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers. The aerospace business is impacted by customer buying patterns of aftermarket parts, supplier stability, and global supply chain capacity constraints that may lead to shortages of crucial components. Operating results may also be adversely affected by downturns in the global demand for air travel, which may impact new aircraft production or result in the delay or cancellation of new aircraft orders. Honeywell's management continually assesses the need to modify or enhance our disclosure controls to ensure disclosure controls and procedures continue to be effective. The company has developed plans to mitigate the potential impact of costs and challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, but the implications of these uncertainties could affect the company's business, financial position, and results of operations. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment and has incurred remedial response and voluntary cleanup costs for site contamination. The company continually conducts studies to determine the feasibility of various remedial techniques and records appropriate liabilities for environmental matters when remedial efforts or damage claim payments are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. The company regularly reviews the aggregate carrying value of the receivable amounts due in connection with the Garrett indemnity and tax matters agreement. The company believes it has fully complied with its obligations under the Garrett indemnity and tax matters agreement and that both agreements are valid and enforceable. The company is also subject to a number of lawsuits, investigations, and claims arising out of the conduct of its global business operations, and it recognizes a liability for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The company seeks to enhance its operational flexibility and maintain its competitive advantage through strategic initiatives and resource allocation, adapting to external pressures and environmental perturbations.