The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally and has led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease, including travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders, and to take actions designed to stabilize markets and promote economic growth. From an operational perspective, our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open, and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken preventative measures and implemented contingency plans, and currently most of our employees are working remotely. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Global health concerns relating to COVID-19 and preventive measures taken to reduce its spread have created significant volatility in financial markets, which has resulted in higher trading volumes for some of our products and increased demand for our services. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business will depend largely on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, the distribution, public acceptance, and widespread use and effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19, and the actions taken to contain the spread of the disease or mitigate its impact. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 48% in 2020. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, greater emphasis on risk management, and increased automation of fixed income and other less automated markets. Our mortgage technology segment includes our MERS, Simplifile, and Ellie Mae mortgage services businesses, which provide mortgage technology solutions for the U.S. residential mortgage market from application through closing and the secondary market. The acquisition of Ellie Mae for $11.4 billion enhances our capabilities in the mortgage technology sector, enabling us to provide comprehensive digital workflow tools that address inefficiencies in the mortgage supply chain. The integration planning and execution of our acquisitions are also critical to our operational flexibility and resilience. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. The future impact on our business relating to the U.K. leaving the EU and the corresponding regulatory changes are uncertain at this time, including future impacts on currency exchange rates. We continuously review our positions as legal and regulatory matters progress, and we believe we have adequately provided for any assessments that could result from those proceedings where it is more likely than not that we will be assessed.