As of December 26, 2020, we are at the forefront of developing new technologies and products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. Our products are used as integrated solutions for a broad spectrum of markets, and we have an end-to-end product portfolio that offers innovative solutions that scale from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. We are committed to delivering a portfolio of the best quality products, performance, and experiences to enable our customers to solve the world's most challenging problems. Our customers expanded capacity, and our broadened portfolio enables new opportunities for us and creates value for our customers. We are developing high-performance compute platforms that solve for technology and business use cases that can scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. The acceleration of data creation across industries requires high-performance compute at the edge built with AI and edge-native functionality. The value unlocked through distributed intelligence is helping companies accelerate their digital transformation to meet customer needs. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoT group and Mobileye businesses, and we are working with our ecosystem partners to continue to grow the portfolio of Intel IoT market-ready solutions. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding on what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of Industry 4.0 and, together with our partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology and operational technology. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. We have significant opportunities in cloud, networking, AI, and data analytics. The covid-19 pandemic has adversely affected significant portions of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The pandemic has caused a significant contraction in the global economy, and there is considerable uncertainty regarding the business impacts from measures to contain the virus. We have established business continuity plans to mitigate the impact to our control environment, operating procedures, data, and internal controls. Our management has assessed our internal control over financial reporting and concluded that it was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting. We are subject to risks associated with the development and implementation of new manufacturing technologies, and we are continually engaged in the development of next-generation process technologies at increasingly advanced nodes. We cannot guarantee that we will realize the expected benefits of next-generation process technologies, including the expected cost and density advantages, or that we will achieve an adequate return on our capital and R&D investments. Our operations and business can be disrupted by natural disasters, industrial accidents, public health issues, cybersecurity incidents, and other catastrophic events. We maintain a program of insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, but losses not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to risks related to uncertainty regarding LIBOR, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates can harm our results of operations and financial condition.