The current COVID-19 pandemic and the potential aftereffects from it could materially harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The pandemic has caused substantial global disruptions, which may cause additional disruptions in the future, impossible to predict. We proactively implemented preventative protocols intended to safeguard our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities, and ensure business continuity in the event of government restrictions or severe outbreaks. Our efforts include health screenings, social distancing, and strategies to address our responsiveness and ability to send engineers into customer facilities for support services. We have evaluated our supply chain to identify supply gaps and taken steps to ensure continuity, monitoring the supply chain to mitigate potential gaps. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in an increase in freight costs, impacting gross margin, while also decreasing travel costs, which reduces our cost structure. We believe these actions are appropriate to safeguard our stakeholders while allowing us to continue operations, but we cannot predict how these measures will impact our business or results of operations. Our management typically provides quarterly forecasts for certain financial metrics, which are based on business and operational forecasts believed to be reasonable at the time. However, due to the historical cyclicality of our business and the rapid changes in business conditions, actual results may vary from forecasted results. We must be in a position to adjust our cost and expense structure to prevailing market conditions and to continue to motivate and retain our key employees. If we fail to respond or if our attempts to respond do not accomplish our intended results, our business could be seriously harmed. During periods of rapid growth, we must be able to increase manufacturing capacity and personnel to meet customer demand, which may be challenging. We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base, which increases our exposure to risks related to the financial condition of each of our customers. Our ability to recognize revenue from a particular customer may also be negatively impacted by the customer's funding status, which could be weakened by adverse business conditions. We operate in industries that have historically been cyclical, including the semiconductor industry, where purchasing decisions are highly dependent on the economies of local markets and the condition of the industry worldwide. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. We must continue to make significant investments in research and development to enhance the performance, features, and functionality of our products to keep pace with competitive products and to satisfy customer demands. Our competitive advantage and future business success depend on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, develop and introduce new products and solutions that successfully address changing customer needs, and manufacture these new products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations, and our information systems are susceptible to cyber-related security breaches. We are exposed to risks associated with a weakening in the condition of the financial markets and the global economy, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.