The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our business, resulting in significant disruption of global supply chains and a decline in economic activity. Continuing uncertainty regarding the global impact of COVID-19 is likely to result in continued weakness in demand and prices for the products on which our business depends. We may experience further disruptions to commodities markets, supply chains, and the health, availability, and efficiency of our workforce, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations and limit our ability to execute on our business plan. Adverse impacts from the pandemic may heighten many of the other risks we face. Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products that we handle, and our pipelines, terminals, and other assets depend in part on continued production of natural gas, crude oil, and other products. The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business segments, and sharp declines in these prices may result in a reduction in our revenues, income, and cash flows. We utilize hedging arrangements to partially mitigate our exposure to commodity prices, but these arrangements are subject to inherent risks. The occurrence of risks inherent to the transportation and storage of the products we handle, such as leaks, equipment failures, and natural disasters, could result in significant operational disruptions and financial losses. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, which could impair our ability to re-contract for expiring capacity at favorable rates or retain existing customers. The financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could adversely impact us if they are unable to fulfill their obligations. Our ability to service our substantial debt depends upon our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and various factors beyond our control. We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion, which could negatively impact our operations and financial condition. Our business requires the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties in this area could hinder our ability to implement our business plans. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets, and various factors outside of our control, such as public opposition and regulatory approvals, may cause delays or cancellations of these projects. The future success of our operations depends in part upon our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable, and we may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits from any future acquisitions. We are also exposed to risks related to climate change and regulatory changes, which could result in increased operating and capital costs and reduced demand for our products and services. Our insurance policies may not cover all losses, and changes in the insurance markets could make it more difficult and expensive to obtain coverage. Overall, our ability to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing conditions is critical to our organizational resilience and long-term success.