Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partner countries' oversight and budgeting processes. Our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We have taken measures to protect the health and safety of our employees, work with our customers and suppliers to minimize disruptions, and support our community in addressing the challenges posed by the ongoing global pandemic. The pandemic has presented unprecedented business challenges, and we have experienced impacts in each of our business areas related to COVID-19, primarily in increased coronavirus-related costs, delays in supplier deliveries, impacts of travel restrictions, site access, and quarantine requirements. Despite these challenges, Lockheed Martin and the U.S. government's proactive efforts, especially regarding the supply chain, helped to partially mitigate the disruptions caused by COVID-19 on our operations in 2020. We continue to monitor our supply chain and have implemented multiple actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19, including accelerating payments to suppliers within our global supply base. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Our strong operating cash flows enabled our board of directors to approve two key cash deployment initiatives in September 2020. We also expect to continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers, including through acquisitions, and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. The economic impacts of COVID-19 have caused volatility in the equity capital markets and investment return on our pension assets. Changes in returns on plan assets may affect our plan funding, cash flows, and stockholders' equity. The long-term impacts of COVID-19 on government budgets and other funding priorities that impact demand for our products and services and our business are difficult to predict but could negatively affect our future results of operations. We have identified a number of suppliers that have experienced delivery impacts due to COVID-19 and have been working to manage those impacts. We also defer certain payroll taxes in 2020 as provided for in the CARES Act, which has the effect of increasing our cash from operations in 2020, but reducing cash from operations in 2021 and 2022. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses, and we monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The estimates consider the technical requirements, the schedule and associated tasks, and costs. Our initial profit booking rate for each contract considers risks surrounding the ability to achieve the technical requirements, schedule, and costs in the initial estimated total costs to complete the contract.