The recent COVID-19 outbreak has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our business, operations, and financial results. These impacts have caused and are expected to continue to cause delays in product shipments and product development, increases in costs, and decreases in revenue, profitability, and cash from operations, which have caused and are expected to cause an adverse effect on our results of operations that may be material. The variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. The potential duration and impact of the outbreak on the global economy and on our business are difficult to predict and cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty, but the outbreak has resulted in significant disruption of global financial markets, increases in levels of unemployment, and economic uncertainty, which has adversely impacted our business and may continue to do so. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities while we maintain business continuity plans. Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a limited number of locations, which are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, widespread outbreaks of illness, and political or governmental unrest. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. This is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent and fluctuations in industry or business economic conditions. Our ability to manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully is essential, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. We depend on creating new products and processes and enhancing existing products and processes for our success; consequently, we are subject to risks associated with rapid technological change. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our future success depends heavily on international sales and the management of global operations, which are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure.