You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity, and financial condition. Global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, could negatively impact our business operations, financial performance, and results of operations. The severity, magnitude, and duration of the current COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain, rapidly changing, and hard to predict. The COVID-19 outbreak has disrupted and could materially disrupt our global supply chain, operations, and routes to market or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, or our co-manufacturers or distributors. Disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them could increase product or distribution costs or cause delays in delivering or an inability to deliver products to our customers. Disruptions or uncertainties related to the COVID-19 outbreak for a sustained period of time could result in delays or modifications to our strategic plans and initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our objective to reduce our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We might not be able to predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. The ultimate impact of these disruptions also depends on events beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the COVID-19 and other outbreaks and actions taken by parties other than us to respond to them. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and we face risks related to the execution of our strategy and our timely response to channel shifts and pricing and other competitive pressures. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brands, expand to new geographies and new distribution platforms, including e-commerce, and evolve our portfolio with new product offerings that meet consumer expectations. We seek to strengthen our brands through investments in our product quality, product renovation, innovation, and marketing investments. We must correctly predict, identify, and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Our success relies upon managing this complexity to promote and bring our products to consumers effectively. We must hire, retain, and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. Unplanned or increased turnover of employees with key capabilities, failure to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities, or failure to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Russia, Argentina, the Middle East, Africa, Southeast Asia, and Ukraine. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic, and regulatory risks.