The covid-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and financial markets and has caused volatility in the global equity, credit, and real estate markets. Governments and businesses have taken numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, social distancing, and business limitations and shutdowns. These measures have disrupted business activity and have resulted in an economic slowdown, to which governments and central banks around the world have responded with unprecedented fiscal and monetary policies. We have implemented risk management and business continuity plans and taken preventive measures and other precautions, such as employee business travel restrictions and remote work arrangements, which have enabled us to maintain our critical business processes, customer service levels, relationships with key vendors, financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting, and disclosure controls and procedures. Our capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand the current crisis. We have, and may continue to maintain, a higher than normal level of short-term liquidity, which may adversely affect net investment income if the reinvestment process occurs over an extended period of time. The economic projections of the Federal Reserve Board suggest that the current low interest rate environment will continue until 2023, and potentially longer. Our investment portfolio is highly diversified and well positioned to withstand economic downturns; however, we expect that the market-related effects of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as the sustained low interest rate environment, will continue to have an impact across our investment portfolio. We continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure, and alternative means of managing risks, capital, and statutory reserves, and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. Our risk management policies and procedures, or our models, may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk. The assumptions, projections, and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not be suitable for their purpose, be misused, not operate properly, and contain errors. We may face a variety of political, legal, operational, economic, and other risks globally, including nationalization or expropriation of assets, imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies, changes in laws, political instability, and economic or trade sanctions. Our operations in new or existing markets may be unprofitable or achieve low margins. We may face competition for business, and competitive pressures based on a number of factors, including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities, name recognition, and technology. We believe that the current low interest rate environment and increased volatility of the financial markets, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, will continue to strain the life insurance industry, as well as the broader financial services industry. Our ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry.