The company continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of approximately 50,000 people who work in our plants and distribution centers across the world, many of whom support the manufacturing and delivery of products that are critical in response to the global pandemic. In these challenging and dynamic circumstances, 3M's manufacturing, supply chain and distribution protocols have been impacted by the need to prioritize rated orders issued by the federal emergency management agency pursuant to the U.S. defense production act. The company closely monitors how the spread of COVID-19 is affecting employees and business operations and has preparedness plans to help protect the safety of employees around the world while safely continuing business. 3M has taken steps to help employees lead safe and productive lives during the outbreak including remote working; escalated procedures in factories related to personal safety, cleaning and medical screening measures; and pandemic leave policies. The company is impacted by public health crises such as the global pandemic associated with COVID-19, which has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. COVID-19 has impacted 3M's supply chains relative to global demand for products like respirators, surgical masks and commercial cleaning solutions. The company has implemented plant and/or line shutdowns during 2020 related to certain markets due to weaker customer demand or government mandates. Some of these factors have increased the demand for 3M products, while others have decreased demand or made it more difficult for 3M to serve customers. The company continues to evaluate the extent to which it may avail itself of various government-sponsored COVID-response stimulus, relief, and production initiatives around the world, such as under the defense production act and cares act in the United States. 3M continues to have access to its commercial paper program and undrawn committed credit facility. The company is also monitoring discretionary spending and deploying cost control efforts as the situation continues. The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system as part of business transformation on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Despite the company's cybersecurity and business continuity measures, its information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially vulnerable to security risks, which could adversely affect the company's business. The company's financial results depend on the successful execution of its business operating plans. The ability to adapt to business model and other changes and agility to respond to customer needs and service expectations are important, which, if not done successfully, could negatively impact the company's ability to win new business and enhance revenue. 3M has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, threats and disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure, which could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or penalties under privacy laws, interference with the company's operations, and damage to the company's reputation. The company has recorded non-divestiture-related restructuring charges that impacted operating income, including charges to address certain COVID-related impacts and actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. The company's future results may be affected by various asserted and unasserted legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving product liability, antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, and tax matters.