The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a significant decrease in demand for the petroleum products that we manufacture, sell, transport, and store, which has had, and may continue to have, a material and adverse effect on our business and on general economic, financial, and business conditions. Our response has focused on establishing three strategic short-term priorities: strengthen competitive position of assets, improve commercial performance, and lower cost structure. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free cash flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. In response to the pandemic, we committed to immediately reducing our capital spending and operating expenses, accomplishing a significant reduction in capital spending levels and forecasted operating expenses. Throughout the year, we took action to address our liquidity, including temporarily suspending share repurchases and entering into additional revolving credit facilities to provide incremental liquidity and financial flexibility during the commodity price and demand downturn. We have experienced significant variations in the market prices of products held in our inventories, which required us to record inventory valuation charges or benefits. A prolonged period of economic slowdown or recession could continue to have significant and adverse consequences for our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses, which could materially and adversely affect our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to unplanned maintenance, explosions, fires, or other events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business. Our operations are also subject to risks arising from our operations outside the United States and generally to worldwide political and economic developments, which could negatively impact demand for refined products and economic conditions. The ultimate extent to which COVID-19 will continue to negatively affect us will depend largely on the length and severity of the pandemic; actions taken by individuals, governments, and the private sector; general economic conditions; and the availability and distribution of safe and effective vaccines. We believe we have proactively addressed many of the known impacts of COVID-19 to the extent possible and will strive to continue to do so, but there can be no guarantee that the measures will be fully effective. Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control. Our margins from the sale of gasoline and other refined products are influenced by a number of conditions, including the price of crude oil, and the price at which we can sell our refined products may fluctuate independently due to a variety of regional and global market factors.