Our operations have been affected by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic that are not within our control, including the imposition in many jurisdictions of a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement of our employees and vendors to limit the spread of COVID-19. We continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers, business partners, and local communities) to attempt to mitigate any negative effects of this global pandemic on our business. These mitigation efforts have included implementing our business-specific continuity plans and processes, transitioning to a largely global work-at-home model, proactively reducing costs intended to allow us to protect against further downside revenue risk, and investing in additional initiatives to support our long-term growth, while also focusing on maintaining liquidity and capital structure flexibility. We closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and continually assess its potential effects on our business. The extent to which our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows are affected by COVID-19 will depend in part on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business and financial condition may be negatively impacted. The realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including our dependence on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services, and on certain vendors to distribute our products. A refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our products or any loss of key outside suppliers of data, applications, or services could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers of data, applications, and services, including data from stock exchanges, and depend on the accuracy and quality of vendor products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance and develop new vendor products on a timely and cost-effective basis. Our inability to ensure and protect the confidentiality of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms and their components, including our data centers, cloud providers, and other vendors and service providers. Disruptions, failures, or slowdowns that could occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology systems and platforms, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, and negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients. Our global operations and any future expansions may continue to place significant strain on our management and other resources, as well as subject us to additional, and in some cases unanticipated, risks and costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational, and other issues resulting from our increased global footprint. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal, and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the expansion of our business. Our ability to effectively use the internet, including our remote workforce's ability to access the internet, may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. If we are unable to effectively manage transitions to new or enhanced products and services, we may not be able to remain competitive, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.