The COVID-19 pandemic amplifies and exacerbates many of the risks we face in our business operations, including interruptions caused by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, and the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases. These catastrophic events may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and stock price. Our business operations, and those of our customers and suppliers, are subject to interruptions that could impair our ability to manage our business and cause disruption of economic activity. The pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, impacting our ability to fulfill customer demand and manage our supply chain. We have continued to ensure customer continuity by fulfilling emergency orders and adapting our solutions offerings to equip our customers with the latest technology. Our engineering teams have adapted our software and hardware offerings to provide analytics addressing occupancy counting, face mask detection, and thermal detection capabilities. The resiliency of our video security and analytics technology has experienced growth, and we are encouraged by strong backlog in our land mobile radio (LMR) segment. We have taken actions to reduce operating expenses, including lower variable employee compensation and travel costs, to limit the negative effect on operating margins. Our supply chain partners have been supportive and continue to work to fulfill necessary service levels. We rely on third parties to develop, design, and manufacture many of our components and products, which exposes us to additional risks as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. Our reliance on third parties could result in reputational damage and negatively impact our business. We face risks related to our ability to grow our business, including the potential for significant interruptions due to external pressures and the need for effective risk management strategies. Our strategic initiatives focus on integrating technologies to enable better outcomes and streamline workflows, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility and organizational health. We believe our integrated ecosystem for public and enterprise safety can enable strong collaboration by removing system silos and automating workflows. The complexity of our operations and the unique set of global risks we face, including currency fluctuations and changes in trade regulations, could negatively impact our business performance. We continue to evaluate our financial position during this economic slowdown, particularly in our software and services segment, where we expect limited impacts on net sales and operating margins due to the recurring nature of the business and our strong backlog position. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, as the experience of our leadership is critical to navigating challenges and maintaining organizational resilience. The performance of our technologies and the ability to adapt to changing customer needs are vital for our long-term success and resilience in a turbulent market environment.