The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. We are continuing to closely monitor the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our industry and business in the United States and worldwide, including its effect on our customers, employees, vendors, and other stakeholders. In response to COVID-19, we have shifted to having a majority of our staff work from home and have added additional network capacity and monitoring; however, such remote work may cause heightened cybersecurity and operational risks. We could face disruption to our business or operations if a significant number of our employees or any of our key employees becomes ill due to the virus. We have filed a proposal with the SEC to amend Nasdaq PHLX's business continuity plan to permit a virtual trading crowd, which would allow Nasdaq PHLX to operate its trading floor remotely in the event the physical trading floor becomes unavailable due to COVID-19. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, pandemics, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders, and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. We have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. However, if these products and initiatives are not successful, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. Any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. We limit our exposure to credit risk by evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. We have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. We have also implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We utilize widely accepted methods to identify, assess, monitor, and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by Nasdaq's global risk management committee.