The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the global attempt to contain it may harm our industry, business, results of operations, and ability to raise additional capital. The global spread of COVID-19 has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. In response to government mandates and health care advisories, we have altered certain aspects of our operations, including allowing our workforce to work from home, which reflects our adaptability under challenging conditions. Our ability to produce content remains affected by the pandemic, and we anticipate that these actions will continue to negatively impact business activity across the globe. We will actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations, including content production, as may be required by federal, state, local, or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and stockholders. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business will depend on numerous evolving factors, including disruptions or restrictions on our employees' ability to work and travel. We may not be able to provide the same level of customer service and product features that our members are used to, which could negatively impact their perception of our service, resulting in an increase in cancellations. Our ability to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide compelling content choices and effectively market our service. If we do not grow as expected, given that our content costs are largely fixed, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate, which could adversely impact our margins, liquidity, and results of operations. We face risks such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license, and distribute. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, which may expose us to risks associated with production, including completion and key talent risk. We may face potential liability or suffer losses in connection with third-party arrangements, including if such third parties violate applicable law or become insolvent. Our ability to manage change and growth is critical; if we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving our operational practices related to streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We must continually adapt to the competitive landscape, which includes traditional providers of entertainment video and new entrants that may strengthen their competitive positions through business combinations or alliances. The market is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change, and if we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations may limit our ability to react to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. We are subject to economic, political, regulatory, and other risks arising from our international operations, which require significant resources and management attention. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could harm our international operations and overall business.