Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business, and changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. The U.S. government has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, which could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs may negatively impact our business and programs. The uncertain and changing political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets, which could have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry. We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the global outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment. Our operations may be further impacted if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively due to illness or government actions. We have taken robust actions to protect the health, safety and well-being of our employees, to support our suppliers and local communities, and to continue to serve our customers. The continued global pandemic is likely to cause further disruption in our supply chain, and we may incur additional costs and delays in our business. Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including geopolitical and economic factors, which may impact our ability to conduct business in international markets. We face significant cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks, which could damage our reputation and lead to financial liabilities. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. We are facing competition for talent, and if we are unable to attract and retain a qualified workforce, our future success could be materially adversely affected. We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and services, and failure to meet our contractual obligations could adversely affect our profitability and reputation. Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters, which could adversely affect our profitability and overall financial position. We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions and litigation that could ultimately be resolved against us, which could harm our business and ability to obtain and retain awards. The determination of projected benefit obligations and pension expenses requires the use of estimates and actuarial assumptions, and changes in these assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. We are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, and lawsuits that arise in the ordinary course of business. Our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with these laws requires significant operating and capital costs. We may be unable fully to exploit or adequately to protect intellectual property rights, which could materially affect our ability to compete and our financial position. Our future success depends on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to meet the needs of our customers.