Our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing occurrence of COVID-19, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The public health concerns resulting from the pandemic have created significant uncertainty, economic disruption, and volatility, all of which have impacted and may continue to impact our business. We may be required to take significant actions to mitigate any adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including reduced staffing and increased expenses. We are unable to predict the ongoing short-term and long-term impact of the pandemic on our business due to several factors beyond our control. The economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, and consumer confidence, all of which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and distraction of management's attention. We have taken steps to strengthen our liquidity and mitigate the expected ongoing impact on our operations and financial performance, including implementing social distancing standards, providing personal protective equipment, modifying store procedures, and managing our cost structure in response to sales volatility. We have been deemed an essential service provider and have taken many steps to promote the health and safety of our customers and team members while keeping our stores open to meet critical needs during the crisis. We successfully issued senior notes and drew on our revolving credit facility to enhance liquidity. Our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, which could impact our costs and sales. We are influenced by macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and our consumers, including fuel costs, unemployment trends, and other economic factors. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for our products include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of registered vehicles, and the average vehicle age. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share by focusing on our dual market strategy and core values. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. We have demonstrated our ability to take prudent steps to support the future stability and financial flexibility of our company amid uncertainty and disruption. We cannot predict the duration or potential increase in severity of the current crisis, and we will continue to make adjustments as we navigate the current and expected environment. Our ability to satisfy our financial obligations could be impacted by our level of indebtedness, which may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. We believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand, as negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation and business. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to expend more resources to remain competitive, which could adversely impact our financial condition. We believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be significant for achieving our growth objectives, which are dependent on factors beyond our control.