Our business and results of operations have been impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19, which created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. The global spread of COVID-19 has disrupted economic activity, resulting in reduced commercial and consumer confidence and spending, increased unemployment, and restrictions on many hospitality and travel industry operations. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and the actions taken in response to the economic disruption. Our operational risk, including data security risk, has increased during the pandemic as a majority of our employees are working remotely. We have expended additional resources in addressing regulatory requirements applicable to us and our clients, which may be unclear or in conflict with other regulations. Our business continuity plan has been tested by circumstances of severe weather and has been successful; however, past successes do not guarantee future success. If our business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations. We rely on third-party service providers, and any failure by these providers could result in material interruptions to our operations and impact client relations. We are focused on ensuring that our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, as vulnerabilities and threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks. The rapid speed of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks may outpace our organization's ability to manage risk appropriately. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility allowed us to manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of future changes to market and economic conditions related to COVID-19 and will assess the potential impact on our business. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. The integration and conversion of acquired operations could result in increased operating costs if anticipated synergies are not achieved, and a failure to integrate could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could impact the quality of our services and customer satisfaction. Our success depends on our ability to adapt and respond to technological advances and changing industry standards. The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, and frequent new product introductions. We are committed to enhancing our current products and introducing new products to keep pace with competitors. Our ability to maintain quality solutions and services is critical to our reputation and the value of our brand. We are involved in litigation from time to time, which could incur substantial judgments or costs. We may be adversely impacted by changes in government regulations and policies, which could affect the extent and type of services we provide. The growth of our international operations via acquisition subjects us to additional risks, including compliance with foreign laws and regulations. We have a business continuity plan in place to protect our infrastructure against damage from various events that could disrupt operations.