The successful operation of new or upgraded generation facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions, work stoppages and labor disputes, weather interferences, unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change, and other risks described herein. Any of these risks could cause our return on these investments to be lower than expected or they could cause these facilities to operate below expected capacity or availability levels, which would adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations through lost revenue, increased expenses, higher maintenance costs and penalties. The ongoing coronavirus pandemic has led many state and federal agencies to implement remote working protocols and divert resources to address the pandemic, which, if prolonged, could impact regulatory agencies' ability to review proposed programs and delay the timing of approvals for matters subject to regulatory approval. We continue to implement strong physical and cybersecurity measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and ensure uninterrupted service to our customers. The pandemic's potential impact will depend on a number of factors outside of our control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. We are exposed to the risk of pandemics, such as the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, which could result in service disruptions and delay or otherwise impair our ability to timely provide service to our customers or complete our investment projects. The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We are continuing our transformation into a primarily regulated electric and gas utility that is focused on meeting customer expectations and is aligned with public policy objectives promoting infrastructure investments to modernize and improve reliability and clean energy investments. We have implemented a comprehensive set of actions to help our customers, communities and employees, and will continue to closely monitor developments and adjust as needed to ensure reliable service while protecting the safety and health of our workforce and the communities we serve. Our business plan focuses on achieving growth while controlling costs and managing the risks associated with regulatory changes, fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We expect to invest between $13 billion to $15 billion, resulting in an expected compound annual rate base growth of 6.5% to 8%. Our planned capital spending for transmission in 2021-2023 is $2.5 billion. We continue to explore strategic alternatives for pseg power's non-nuclear generating fleet, which is expected to reduce overall business risk and earnings volatility, improve pseg's credit profile and is consistent with pseg's climate strategy and sustainability efforts. The ability to arrange financing and the costs of such financing depend on numerous factors including general economic and capital market conditions, the availability of credit from banks and other financial institutions, and investor confidence in us and our industry. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. We are exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, acts of war or terrorism or other incidents, including pandemics that impact our ability to provide safe and reliable service to our customers and remain competitive.