This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing. Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in unanticipated product obsolescence. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by government and industry guidance. The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed, and desired outcome will be achieved. We may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets, and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations, global economic conditions, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections, trade regulations, and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of our products. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business, operations, and financial condition and results. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and enabling functions globally. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain to date, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We are committed to confronting the public health challenge posed by the pandemic by collaborating with industry partners and academic institutions to develop potential approaches to prevent and treat COVID-19. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales, increased costs, and volatility in foreign exchange rates. We expect pricing pressures will continue globally. The risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings, including pricing and reimbursement, could adversely affect our business. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. We believe we have, and expect to maintain, the ability to meet liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, which can include working capital requirements, investments in our business, and business development activities. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support and drive the purpose of our focused innovative biopharmaceutical products business. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers, and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities.