We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events, and outcomes, as well as our business outlook and objectives, which are subject to numerous risks that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position, or future financial performance. Our business is subject to significant operational challenges, including disruptions in our global supply chain, which depend on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements. The loss or disruption of such arrangements could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Additionally, we face pressures from political volatility, labor market disruptions, and other crises that could affect our operations or employees. Uncertain economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could negatively impact our business. Our ability to meet growth targets depends on successful product, marketing, and operational innovation, as well as our responses to competitive innovation and changing consumer habits. We must successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes offering trade terms that align with our pricing and profitability targets. Our company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect our reputation. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, it could adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows. We rely on third parties for various functions, and failure to effectively manage these relationships could adversely impact our operations and financial results. A significant information security or operational technology incident could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as new and pending legal and regulatory matters. Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage disruptions in our global supply chain and maintain operational flexibility. We must also successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the effects of a disease outbreak, including pandemics. Our business may be negatively impacted by significant reductions in demand for our products or disruptions in our manufacturing and supply arrangements. Despite our efforts to manage and remedy these impacts, their ultimate effect depends on factors beyond our control. We are constructively disrupting our industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate and leverage new technologies to create more value. Our strategic focus is on delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group, which requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation. The company expects to maintain a disciplined approach to investing to ensure the long-term health of our businesses. Our ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with local and global competitors in new and existing markets, which requires effective responses to competitive factors and emerging retail trends.