Our business involves various risks and uncertainties, certain of which may affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. We face operating risks stemming from external or internal events that may directly or indirectly affect our insurance operations. Our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations depend on our ability to underwrite and set rates accurately for a full spectrum of risks. Our success depends on our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives. We must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. The ability to discern competitive conditions is often difficult, and our ability to predict future competitive conditions is constrained. We are subject to a variety of complex laws and regulations, and our compliance efforts are complicated by changes in laws or regulations applicable to insurance companies. Our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address the business challenges that we confront as these issues develop. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, and the restrictions put in place to help slow and/or stop the spread of the virus, could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our ability to resolve claims accurately and efficiently could be impaired if we are unable to staff our claims group appropriately. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions efficiently and uninterruptedly. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. We rely on our ability to access our cash accounts at banks and other financial institutions to operate our business, and any disruption in those systems could materially adversely affect our ability to pay claims or other financial obligations when due. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent is critical to our success, and our loss of certain officers and key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years. The potential effects of COVID-19 could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors, including litigation claims being brought against the company and data security breaches. We may not be able to obtain reinsurance coverage in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all, and the unavailability and/or cost of reinsurance could adversely affect our business volume, profitability, or financial condition. Our insurance operating results may be materially adversely affected by severe weather or other catastrophe events, and changing climate conditions may exacerbate these impacts. We use catastrophe modeling tools to help estimate our exposure to such events, but those tools may become less reliable as climatic conditions change. Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions, and the operation of various third-party systems. If sustained or repeated interruptions occur, it could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process policies, provide customer service, resolve claims in a timely manner, or perform other necessary business functions.