The novel coronavirus pandemic has disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The pandemic has resulted in mandatory and voluntary facility closures and diminished demand for our products, particularly in the aerospace industry, which faces significant challenges due to travel restrictions. Disruptions to our supply chain could materially adversely affect our ability to maintain operations. We have modified our business practices in response to the risks associated with the pandemic, although there can be no assurance that these measures will be successful. The impact of the pandemic continues to evolve, and its ultimate duration and severity cannot be accurately forecasted. Should such disruption continue for an extended period, the adverse effect on our business could be more severe than previously anticipated. Our business is sensitive to global macroeconomic conditions, and future downturns may adversely affect our operations and financial condition. We are exposed to economic, political, and other risks in different countries, which could materially reduce our sales and profitability. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, which we believe will enhance our operations and profitability. However, there are no assurances that we will be able to successfully integrate acquired companies or that such acquisitions will be profitable. We regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions and divestitures to support our growth and cost management strategies. If we are unable to successfully manage these organizational changes, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Increased cybersecurity threats could pose a risk to our information technology systems, which are critical to our business operations. Our reliance on these systems means that any disruptions could materially adversely affect our financial condition. We are actively monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak and have taken measures to preserve cash and reduce costs, including salary reductions and limiting capital expenditures. We believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available, and we intend to focus on business opportunities in energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. We commit significant resources to identify, develop, and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these operations effectively. We anticipate that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income in the following year. Our results may be adversely affected if expanded operations from acquisitions are not effectively managed. We cannot predict changes in worldwide or regional economic conditions, as such conditions are highly volatile and beyond our control. We have taken several meaningful measures to strengthen our liquidity position in light of the pandemic, including limiting capital expenditures and suspending our share repurchase program. We believe these measures position the company well to manage through the current economic uncertainty. The company is currently authorized to sell up to $2,500 million of short-term commercial paper notes, and we are in compliance with all covenants set forth in our credit agreements.