The covid-19 pandemic has created significant societal and economic disruption, resulting in closures of stores, factories, and offices, and restrictions on manufacturing, distribution, and travel, all of which have and will continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position while the pandemic continues. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards may not be effective to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. Significant risks include our diminished ability to convert adult smokers to our reduced-risk products (rrps), significant volume declines in our duty-free business and certain other key markets, disruptions or delays in our manufacturing and supply chain, increased currency volatility, and delays in certain cost-saving, transformation, and restructuring initiatives. Our business could also be adversely impacted if key personnel or a significant number of employees or business partners become unavailable due to the covid-19 outbreak. The significant adverse impact of covid-19 on the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate could result in changes to the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands. Continuation of the pandemic could disrupt our access to the credit markets or increase our borrowing costs. Governments may temporarily be unable to focus on the development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of rrps or on the enforcement or implementation of regulations that are significant to our business. The impact of these risks also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic in general and specifically in the jurisdictions in which we operate, its recurrence in our key markets, actions taken to contain its spread and to mitigate its public health effects, and the ultimate economic consequences thereof. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate, and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our business. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets, or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our profit growth may be adversely impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to raise prices, or to improve the proportion of our sales of higher margin products and in higher margin geographies. We may be unable to expand our brand portfolio through successful acquisitions or the development of strategic business relationships. Our ability to recover margins may result in lower volume and a weaker competitive position. We increasingly rely on third-party resources to manufacture some of our products and product parts, and while many of these arrangements improve efficiencies and decrease our operating costs, they also diminish our direct control. Such diminished control may have an adverse effect on the quality of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage.