We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. The COVID-19 pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have an adverse effect, possibly materially, on our overall business and financial performance. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions, and we are subject to risks related to the use of technology which is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses. We are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and on third-party vendors, service providers, and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control. We are also subject to risks related to growing our business in part by acquiring other financial services businesses from time to time, as these acquisitions present a number of risks and uncertainties related both to the acquisition transactions themselves and to the integration of the acquired businesses into PNC after closing. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning, which includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our risk management framework consists of seven core components that provide executive management and the board of directors with an aggregate view of significant risks impacting the organization. Risk identification takes place across a variety of risk types throughout the organization, and we monitor our liquidity by reference to the liquidity coverage ratio, which exceeded the requirement of 100%. We manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level to help ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal and stressful circumstances. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, which is inherent to the entire organization. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. We are also focused on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive, and we strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased. The deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies, and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to PNC. We have established risk management policies and procedures to support our enterprise risk management framework, articulate our risk culture, and define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities.