The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has resulted in a significant decrease in demand for many of our products, which has had and is expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. The extent to which our business and operations will continue to be negatively impacted depends on the duration and scope of any existing or new travel restrictions, business and school closures, and stay-at-home orders. Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Although we take precautions to ensure and enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, our operations are also subject to hazards inherent in chemicals, refining, and midstream businesses, such as explosions, fires, and other incidents. The inability to operate facilities or assets due to any of these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture, process, store, or transport products. Our financial results are affected by changing commodity prices and margins for refined petroleum, petrochemical, and plastics products. The prices for crude oil and refined petroleum products can fluctuate based on global, regional, and local market conditions, which can reduce margins and have a significant impact on our refining, wholesale marketing, and retail operations. The refining segment results are driven by several factors, including refining margins, refinery throughput, feedstock costs, and product yields. The global disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic significantly reduced demand for our refined petroleum and specialty products. We continuously monitor our asset and investment portfolio for impairments, as well as optimization opportunities, in this challenging business environment. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone involved in our operations and the communities in which we operate. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees. We employ rigorous training and audit programs to drive ongoing improvement in both personal and process safety. Our strategy primarily focuses on investing in growth opportunities in the midstream and chemicals segments. In response to the challenging market conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced our 2021 capital budget and are prioritizing sustaining capital spending and completion of in-progress growth projects. We have established a lower-carbon business platform that delivers attractive returns and focuses on opportunities within our portfolio. The depth and duration of the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic remain unknown, and we expect refining margins to remain challenged in the near term, which could have an unfavorable impact on our future operating cash flows. We strive to attract, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success.