The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has had an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and we expect its impact will continue, at least in the near term. The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 and the fear it has created has resulted in significant economic uncertainty, significant declines in business and consumer confidence and global demand in the wireless industry, leading to a global recession. We expect that demand for our products and demand for the products of our customers and licensees will continue to be negatively impacted in the near term. While to date we have not seen a significant impact on our manufacturing facilities or our supply chain, the ability of our suppliers to deliver on their commitments to us may be negatively impacted by the pandemic and/or government responses, such as travel bans and restrictions. Although the spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our workforce practices, we have not experienced a significant negative impact on our business or results of operations. However, we could be negatively affected in the future if a significant number of our employees become ill or quarantined. The COVID-19 pandemic could also impact our business through delayed, reduced, or canceled customer orders; the inability of our customers to purchase or pay for our products; or failures by other counterparties. The degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our future business will depend on future developments, which are uncertain, including the duration, spread, and severity of the pandemic, government responses, and when normal business activity resumes. Our industry is subject to intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change. Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such change and compete effectively; such change and competition could result in decreased demand for our products or declining average selling prices. We believe it is critical that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and technology licensing to sustain and grow our business long-term. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce prices. The semiconductor industry has experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, which could result in significant changes to the competitive landscape. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies, develop and offer products at competitive cost and price points, and increase adoption of our technologies and products in industry segments outside of mobile. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium-tier devices. If revenues derived from these customers decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our business and results of operations could be negatively affected. We are also subject to various legal and regulatory challenges that could adversely impact our business. Our ability to maintain operational continuity and adapt to changing market conditions is critical for our organizational resilience. We expect to continue making substantial investments in research and development, particularly in advancements in 5G technologies, and to pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships that could enhance our competitive position and support our long-term growth objectives.