The extent to which the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, developing social distancing plans for our employees, expanding the number of our associates who work from home, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and tradeshows. Impacts our businesses are experiencing from COVID-19 include the ability of our businesses to visit current and potential customers in order to solicit new business and/or provide necessary on-site installation, implementation, and training services, which has been impacted by the pandemic. The unprecedented slowdown and/or shutdown of global economy sectors and the related uncertain timeline to reopen and recover has created a weak demand environment for our businesses serving industrial and energy markets. The extent to which the coronavirus outbreak impacts our business will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. We may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus's global economic impact, including the availability of credit and adverse impacts on our liquidity. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments, pay interest on, or refinance our indebtedness will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in political or economic conditions, oil price volatility, and trade protection measures. Leadership transitions and changes can be inherently difficult to manage and may cause uncertainty or disruption to our business. Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, public health crises, or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. The potential insolvency or financial distress of third parties could adversely impact our business and results of operations, particularly given the heightened risk that third parties may be unable to perform their obligations due to the global economic impact of the pandemic. We seek to deploy measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls and continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. Despite these efforts, we can make no assurance that we will be able to mitigate the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security compromises, which could potentially result in the disruption of business operations. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business prospects and the financial markets generally could impact our ability to reduce debt and manage operational continuity. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements, although the rate at which we can reduce our debt will be affected by various factors, including the financial performance of our existing companies and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.