The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition, and the extent to which it will continue to do so remains uncertain. In response to the pandemic, we began implementing changes in our business designed to protect the health and well-being of our employees and customers, including remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. We implemented enhanced cleaning and sanitation procedures and transitioned some of our facilities to manufacture hand sanitizer for use in our facilities and surrounding communities. We also enhanced certain employee benefits, such as tele-health, paid sick leave, family leave, and voluntary leave of absence policies and programs. The necessary measures taken have resulted in additional costs and have adversely impacted our business and financial performance. We continue to experience occasional, temporary disruptions and closures of some of our facilities due to COVID-19, and we have seen shifts in consumer behaviors and preferences. Our architectural business was quick to recover from the onset of the pandemic, while many of our industrial businesses are recovering at a slower pace. Our ability to predict and meet future changes in demand due to the pandemic remains uncertain. We reduced spending in certain areas of our business and may need to take additional actions to reduce spending in the future. The pandemic has created challenging operating environments, and we expect it will continue to have an adverse impact on our business in the near term. Our ability to execute near-term and long-term business strategies and initiatives will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain. The pandemic has disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, creating significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. We are closely monitoring the impact of the pandemic on all aspects of our business, including our financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow, while managing our response through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. We have a strong liquidity position and are in compliance with bank covenants, which allows us to maintain operational continuity. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions, and adverse changes in such conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. We face operational risks in connection with remote work arrangements, including cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to damage or interruption resulting from cyber attacks, security breaches, and system failures. We continue to mitigate these risks through investments and improvements in our systems and processes. The inherent uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 suggests that the pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition if disruptions persist for a prolonged period. We are committed to maintaining our organizational resilience through strategic initiatives, operational flexibility, and effective resource management to adapt to the evolving challenges presented by the pandemic and other external pressures.