The covid-19 pandemic has significantly reduced demand for our services, and has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including actions taken by businesses and governments to contain the spread of the virus, have resulted in a significant and swift reduction in international and US economic activity. This period of extreme economic disruption, low oil prices and reduced demand for our products and services has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The extent to which our operating and financial results will continue to be affected by the covid-19 pandemic will depend on various factors and consequences beyond our control, such as the duration and scope of the pandemic; additional actions by businesses and governments in response to the pandemic; and the speed and effectiveness of responses to combat the virus, including vaccine development and distribution. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or from material violations of applicable laws and regulations. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are increasingly dependent on digital technologies and services to conduct our business. Our digital technologies and services, and those of our business associates, are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and, given the nature of such attacks, some incidents can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond to them in a timely manner. We believe we are uniquely positioned to benefit as international spending accelerates in the near- and mid-term. By leveraging our new structure, we are fully prepared to capitalize on the growth drivers of the future of our industry, particularly as we accelerate our digital growth ambition and lead in the production and recovery market. The combination of our fit-for-basin strategy, digital technology innovation, and scale puts us in the best position to leverage the anticipated shift of spending growth toward the international markets. The covid-19 pandemic has resulted in significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, lower capital expenditures, project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. The continued low oil and gas prices have also caused a reduction in cash flows for our customers, which has had a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of some of our customers. This has resulted in, and may continue to result in, lower capital expenditures, project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. The oil and gas industry has historically been extremely cyclical. However, there can be no assurance that the demand or pricing for oil and natural gas or for our products and services will follow historic patterns or recover meaningfully in the near or medium term. The covid-19 pandemic has significantly reduced demand for our services, and has had, and is likely to continue to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.