The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial condition. The pandemic has caused minor disruptions to our business operations to date and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial condition in the future. We transitioned most of our employees in affected regions to work remotely in order to comply with applicable restrictions and government requirements, and implemented travel restrictions and other changes to our business operations. Although we have been able to navigate workplace restrictions and limitations with minimal disruptions to our business operations to date, we may further modify our business practices and real estate needs in response to the risks and negative impacts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business operations in future periods will depend on multiple uncertain factors, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, its overall negative impact on the global economy, and the ability to secure adequate and timely supply of equipment and materials from suppliers for our hardware products. We have not observed any changes in the design activity of customers, but we experienced a slowdown in customer commitments in our software integrity segment. We have also experienced minor disruptions in our hardware supply chain, which we have been able to address with minimal impact to our business operations to date. We will continue to consider the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market. The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations that may adversely affect our business. We derive roughly half of our revenue from sales outside the United States, and we expect our orders and revenue to continue to depend on sales to customers outside the U.S. We have also continually expanded our non-U.S. operations. This strategy requires us to recruit and retain qualified technical and managerial employees, manage multiple remote locations performing complex software development projects, and ensure intellectual property protection outside of the U.S. Our international operations and sales subject us to a number of increased risks, including uncertain economic and political conditions in countries where we do business, government trade restrictions, and difficulties in adapting to cultural differences in the conduct of business. We rely on a global network of infrastructure applications, enterprise applications, and technology systems for our development, marketing, operational, support, and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems in the event of a major earthquake, fire, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity attack, epidemic or pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, delays in our product development, and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from fulfilling our customers' orders. We are continuously evaluating the COVID-19 pandemic's effects and taking steps to mitigate known risks, including potential constraints on our liquidity and capital resources as a result of customers' reduced expenditures or disruptions to our supply chain. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.