The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and governmental restrictions intended to prevent its spread could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and liquidity, affecting our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations, and make distributions to our shareholders. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and governments have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement and business operations. Although tenants and consumers have been adapting to the COVID-19 pandemic, such adaptations may take time, and there is no guarantee that retail will return to pre-pandemic levels. We have implemented a series of actions to reduce costs and increase liquidity, including significantly reducing non-essential corporate spending and property operating expenses, as well as suspending more than $1.0 billion of redevelopment and new development projects. Our primary focus has been on the health and safety of our employees, shoppers, and communities. The financial condition and viability of our tenants, their ability or willingness to pay rent in full, and state, local, federal, and industry-initiated tenant relief efforts may adversely affect landlords, including us. The increased popularity and utilization of e-commerce, as well as the ability to renew leases or re-lease available space in our properties on favorable terms, could also impact our operations. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies, and bankruptcy filings by retailers can occur regularly, with increased numbers due to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a tenant files for bankruptcy, it may reject and terminate leases, and we cannot be sure that it will affirm leases and continue to make rental payments. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant, may require substantial redevelopment of its space, complicating our re-leasing strategy and potentially straining our resources. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and future tenant bankruptcies may materially and adversely affect us. Our properties compete with other forms of retailing, including e-commerce, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the transition of market share from physical stores to online shopping. The increased utilization of pure online shopping may lead to the closure of underperforming stores by retailers, impacting our occupancy levels and rental rates. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties or renew leases with an appropriate mix of tenants. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations, including changes in foreign political and economic environments and compliance with foreign laws. We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, and expansion of properties, and newly acquired or developed properties may not perform as expected, impacting our anticipated return on investment. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions, and our ability to ensure business continuity may be compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity. The risks and uncertainties we face may heighten many of the other risks described, potentially impacting our organizational resilience and ability to adapt to changing conditions.