We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, and can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results. The pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Further reductions in staffing levels could additionally limit our ability to provide services, adversely impacting our competitive position. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause adverse impacts on global economic conditions and consumer confidence, spending, and consumer behavior, which could affect demand for our products and services. We expect our 2021 results to be impacted by lower revenues from the continued partial closure of movie theaters and higher costs based on our decision to distribute 2021 films on HBO Max in the U.S. simultaneously with theaters for 31 days. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video, and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and changes in customer expectations, while remaining competitive. We are taking steps to mitigate the risks from these changes, such as the launch of our HBO Max direct-to-consumer streaming platform and new, enhanced advertising opportunities. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. We expect that our network quality and FirstNet deployment will continue to contribute to wireless subscriber and service revenue growth. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, to changes in the international economy, and to the level of regulation on our business, and these risks could offset our expected growth opportunities. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, and changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments. Our ability to manage growth in wireless data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms, is critical to our operational flexibility. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of video, data, and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus which consist of improving broadband connectivity, developing software-based entertainment, and utilizing our storytelling legacy to engage consumers and gain insights across multiple distribution points.