The pandemic has adversely affected our business, liquidity, financial condition, and operating results. We continue to open, close, and limit the capacity of our retail stores in compliance with local and state mandates and orders. The pandemic has impacted customers' ability to pay, and we expect to continue to work with them to help them maintain service and become current on their accounts, which may materially and adversely impact our financial results. These efforts may divert resources from our network buildout and put additional strain on our network, potentially leading to impacts on customer experience. We have taken a variety of steps to help mitigate the impact of the pandemic on our customers and to protect the health and well-being of our workforce and communities. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. We have implemented remote working arrangements for many employees, and we continue to encourage healthy practices such as social distancing and hand washing. The pandemic has resulted in economic uncertainty and a significant increase in unemployment in the United States, which could affect our customers' purchasing decisions and ability to make timely payments. We are actively monitoring developments regarding the pandemic and evaluating the appropriate steps needed to align with guidelines from state, local, and federal government agencies. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transactions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate our and Sprint's businesses in a manner that facilitates growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly, and time-consuming, and may divert significant management attention and resources. This process may disrupt our business or otherwise impact our ability to compete. The overall combination of our and Sprint's businesses may also result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and impacts, and loss of customers and other business relationships. We expect to incur substantial additional expenses in connection with integrating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures and compliance with government commitments. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses as a result of completing the transactions, the divestiture transaction, and compliance with the government commitments. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Our inability to extend the terms of employment agreements or to replace key members of our senior leadership team could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We expect to continue to actively seek to make additional investment in spectrum, which could be significant. The continued interest in, and acquisition of, spectrum by existing carriers and others may reduce our ability to acquire and/or increase the cost of acquiring spectrum in the secondary market or negatively impact our ability to gain access to spectrum through other means, including government auctions. Our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses.