The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain. We have modified, and might further modify, our business practices in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, related third-party responses, including from government authorities and our suppliers, customers, and distributors, and the economic and social ramifications of the disease and societal responses across the markets in which we operate. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19. Additionally, over the past several years, we have invested in building inventory and expanding our global internally owned manufacturing footprint. Investing in these capabilities has given us flexibility, such as the ability to build products across multiple manufacturing sites. These investments have helped to minimize disruptions, but may not be sufficient to eliminate them. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business, and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake strategic, business, and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our objectives. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software, or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions, or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors, and other third parties are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. We continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain, and customer demand. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. We have manufacturing, data, and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events, or epidemics that could disrupt operations. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. We manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. These forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess, or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other. While all end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations.