The ongoing COVID-19 global health crisis continues to have major impacts on health systems, businesses, governments, and customer and consumer activities. We have mobilized the full strength of our resources to deliver the best care for patients, support for our members and care provider partners, keep our employees safe, and deliver innovative solutions and support for the communities we serve and the entire health system. The impact to our business is primarily dependent upon the ultimate pacing, intensity, and duration of the crisis, and the timing for widespread availability and effectiveness of a vaccine, factors which remain uncertain at this time. As the crisis abates, we may experience an increase in medical care costs as people seek care which was deferred during the pandemic, and individuals with chronic conditions may require additional care needs resulting from missed treatments. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in our customers having to close or severely curtail their operations. We have experienced and may continue to experience reduced demand for certain services as a result of reduced clinical and claims activity and changes in business priorities. Furthermore, disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including supply chains providing medical supplies and pharmaceutical products, could adversely disrupt our business operations or increase our operating costs. The enactment of emergency powers by governments could disrupt our business operations, including restricting pharmaceuticals or other supplies, and could increase the risk of shortages of necessary items. Our businesses compete throughout the United States, South America, and other foreign markets and face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. As of December 31, 2020, we served nearly 18 million people through some form of aligned contractual arrangement, including full-risk, shared-risk, and bundled episode-of-care and performance incentive payment approaches. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our business platform. Our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Market fluctuations could impair our profitability and capital position. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. However, we also have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through the issuance of commercial paper, issuance of long-term debt, or drawing under our committed credit facilities or the ability to sell investments. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. Our credit ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and we cannot predict the outcome of significant legal actions in which we are involved, which could further increase our cost of doing business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.