The pandemic caused a dramatic slowdown of the economy as government intervention forced closures and changed individual behaviors, and businesses transformed their operations to protect the health and safety of their employees, customers, and communities. We have and are continuing to adapt to protect the safety of our employees, our customers, and the communities we serve. Enhanced safety procedures were implemented across the system, including new procedures and policies based on Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines. We remained focused on identifying and managing risks and training our employees as their work environment changes. While the pandemic resulted in significant swings in volume, we were able to adjust our demand-driven resources to reflect these fluctuations with minimal disruptions to our customers. Continued implementation of train length initiatives will allow us to add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. We will continue to make structural changes to improve operational performance and efficiency. A more efficient network requires fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other resources. We are continually evaluating the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and liquidity. We believe it is not an indication of a lack of liquidity. We also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and, when necessary, access the capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements. Our operational transformation produced an all-time record operating ratio, improving from the previous year. We will continue to harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which may contribute to customer disruptions or an elongated recovery period. Disruptions in our customers' supply chains caused by the pandemic or other factors may have an impact on our shipments. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, which can adversely affect our entire rail network, potentially negatively affecting revenue, costs, and liabilities. We transport certain hazardous materials and other materials that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion. A rail accident or other incident could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties. We rely on technology in all aspects of our business, and if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. We are subject to cybersecurity risks and have experienced varying degrees of cyber incidents. A successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption, safety failure, operational difficulties, and financial losses. Our revenues can also be adversely affected by severe weather that causes damage and disruptions to our customers. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and our main railroad competitor operates parallel routes in many of our main traffic corridors. Climate change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Violent weather caused by climate change could cause line outages and other interruptions to our infrastructure. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities.