Our business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has significantly disrupted supply chains and businesses globally. We have implemented business continuity and emergency response plans to continue to provide equipment rental services to our customers while taking health and safety measures. The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains fluid, and the likelihood of an impact on us that could be material increases the longer the virus affects activity levels in the locations in which we operate. We initiated contingency planning ahead of the impact of COVID-19 on our end-markets, focusing on ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees and customers, leveraging our competitive advantages to support customer needs, controlling core operating expenses, and proactively managing our balance sheet with a focus on liquidity. Our response plan has helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. We have a substantial degree of flexibility in managing our capital expenditures and fleet capacity, which has been crucial during this period of uncertainty. We continue to leverage our current capacity to reduce the need for third-party delivery and repair services and minimize discretionary expenses across general and administrative areas. Our operational strategies include a focus on profitability and return on invested capital, emphasizing superior service to customers and optimizing our customer and fleet mix. We believe that our size provides us with a competitive advantage, allowing us to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We are also pursuing strategic acquisitions to expand our core equipment rental business, which is essential for achieving our strategic goals. The equipment rental industry is cyclical, and we expect to manage the impact of economic conditions on our operations through disciplined management of capital expenditures and fleet capacity. We have experienced fluctuations in our revenues and operating results, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and changes in customer demand. The COVID-19 pandemic has heightened our awareness of the need for operational flexibility and adaptability in our business model. We rely on our relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment and other supplies on acceptable terms, and any disruptions in these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operational and cost reduction strategies may not generate the improvements and efficiencies we expect, and we may face challenges in effectively managing our business and executing our strategy if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. We are continuously developing and enhancing our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access. The risks associated with cybersecurity incidents have increased during the pandemic, necessitating additional resources to maintain system integrity. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and implement strategic initiatives is critical for maintaining organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.