Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity. We are investing significant resources in the research and development of therapies for serious diseases other than cystic fibrosis (CF), and if we are unable to successfully commercialize one or more of these therapies, our business could be materially harmed. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional drug candidates for both CF and non-CF indications. The discovery and development of new pharmaceutical products is a difficult and lengthy process that requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise. We must allocate resources among our various development programs and engage in expensive and lengthy testing of our drug candidates. If clinical trials are prolonged or delayed, our development timelines for the affected development program could be extended, and our costs to develop the drug candidate could increase. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our ability to attract collaborators or external funding for the development and commercialization of certain of our drug candidates may be limited. We depend on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials, and we may not be able to maintain these relationships, which could lead to supply disruptions outside of our control. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business, result in fines and/or criminal penalties, and damage our reputation. The COVID-19 pandemic has broadly affected the global economy and put a significant strain on healthcare resources, which may impact our operations and the operations of our collaborators and third-party contractors. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises; however, if we are unable to fully implement our business continuity plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions. Our business faces potential risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, which could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations. We are subject to risks associated with operating in foreign countries, including risks relating to intellectual property protections and business interruptions. Our revenues are subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations due to the global nature of our operations. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by our products and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market.