The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight material factors to consider when evaluating our business and expectations, including operational risks such as cyber attacks that could adversely affect our business. The inability to operate our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share. Natural disasters, terrorist acts, or acts of war could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations, leading to degradation or disruption of service to our customers. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain operations through such events, and our overall disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. We are implementing measures to protect our infrastructure and operations from the impacts of these events in the future. Public health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is based on our ability to provide products and services to customers, and the ability of those customers to use and pay for those products and services. As a result, our business could be adversely affected by a crisis that significantly impacts customer behavior and the way our employees provide services. We began executing our business continuity plans in response to the pandemic, which included moving employees to remote work arrangements and enhancing safety protocols. We expect to continue to revise our approach to these initiatives as circumstances evolve. Our strategy requires significant capital investments to maintain operational flexibility and adapt to changing market conditions. We believe that steady and consistent investments in our networks will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. Our network leadership is the foundation for the connectivity and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. We are focused on executing on the fundamentals of the business, maintaining a high-quality customer base, and delivering strong financial and operating results. The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. We will continue to invest for growth, which we believe is key to creating value for our shareholders. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused fluctuations in our cash flows, and we have maintained a higher cash balance to protect against economic uncertainties. Our capital expenditures are aimed at increasing operational efficiency and productivity, facilitating the introduction of new products and services, and enhancing responsiveness to competitive challenges. We are also focused on cost efficiencies to maximize returns to shareholders and ensure we have the flexibility to adjust to changes in the competitive and economic environments. The impact of the pandemic on our financial results has been significant, and we continue to monitor customer behavior and our expected loss assumptions. We expect that our investments in advanced networks and services will create new opportunities for growth and improve our ability to respond to external pressures.