The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins. The physical nature of services we provide supports the success of these customers, as we play a critical role in getting customers' production from the wellhead to a marketable condition and location. This tends to reduce collectability risk as our services enable producers to generate operating cash flows. We are continuing to monitor developments with respect to the outbreak of COVID-19 and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by direct effects of COVID-19. We believe we have the ability to access the debt market, if necessary, and continue to have significant levels of unused capacity on our revolving credit facility. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2021 are expected to be in a range from $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion, primarily including transco expansions and projects supporting the northeast gathering and processing business. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our business plan includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth while controlling operating costs. The credit profiles of certain of our producer customers continue to be challenged, including some that have filed for bankruptcy protection. However, we note that our long-term acreage dedications create real estate interests in unproduced gas. Our operational flexibility is critical in adapting to changes in market conditions and ensuring business continuity. We face opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups, which can take many forms, including the delay or denial of required governmental permits. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth, and potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include continued negative impacts of COVID-19 driving a global recession, opposition to our infrastructure projects, counterparty credit and performance risk, and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities. We are committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and contractual commitments.