The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. The retail business continues to rapidly evolve, and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping, which may require us to adapt our strategies effectively. Our strategy, which includes investments in e-commerce, technology, acquisitions, and joint ventures, may not adequately allow us to continue to grow our e-commerce business or maintain our overall market position. Failure to successfully execute this strategy may adversely affect our market position and financial performance. It is difficult to predict consistently the products and services our customers will demand and changes in their shopping patterns, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and the growth of our business. We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is unpredictable, and we may be unable to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. The pandemic has resulted in widespread impacts on the global economy and our operations, including challenges in anticipating and adjusting inventory levels to meet fluctuating customer demand. Natural disasters, climate change, and geopolitical events could materially adversely affect our financial performance, disrupting our operations and impacting our ability to procure goods. We bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to our properties and disruptions in supply chains. The performance of strategic alliances and other business relationships could materially adversely affect our financial performance, and we may not generate the level of sales we anticipate from these arrangements. We rely extensively on information systems to manage our business, and disruptions in these systems could harm our operations. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving, and any compromise of our data security systems could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our business success, and failure to do so could adversely affect our financial performance. We operate in a highly regulated environment, and changes in laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business. Our international operations are subject to various risks, including political conditions and economic instability, which could adversely affect our financial performance. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires judgment and the use of estimates, and changes in tax laws could have a material effect on our financial position. We operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, and our liquidity is supported by cash flows from operations and access to capital markets. Our strategic capital allocation focuses on improving customer-facing initiatives and creating a seamless omni-channel experience. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to various factors, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on consumer behavior.