The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy; has disrupted our and our customers', suppliers', and vendors' operations; has significantly affected our business and operations; and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. There is no certainty that measures taken by governmental authorities will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus, and our ability to continue to perform critical functions could be harmed. Future restrictions on our access to or control over our manufacturing facilities or on our support operations or workforce, or similar limitations on our vendors or suppliers, and restrictions or disruptions of transportation could limit our ability to meet customer demand and have a material adverse effect on our business. The spread of the novel coronavirus has resulted in authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders and shutdowns of non-essential businesses. Even though we are currently designated as an essential business and have continued physical operations with respect to manufacturing and supply chain globally, these measures have impacted and may further impact all or portions of our workforce and operations, the operations and workforce of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. The economic impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a global recession that may continue for an unknown period of time. In order to preserve liquidity, we issued debt securities in May 2020 and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products. Our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions. Macroeconomic, business and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. Infectious disease outbreaks, pandemics and widespread fear of spreading disease through human contact can cause disruptions to or negatively impact our, our customers' and our distributors' business operations. Our research and development relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional restrictive regulations. Manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs. We rely on third parties to provide us with materials and services, and are subject to increased labor and material costs and potential disruptions in supply. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our investments in emerging markets and are subject to certain risks due to our presence in emerging markets, including political or economic instability and failure to adequately comply with legal and regulatory requirements. The situation continues to change rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, vendors and suppliers; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us.