The company designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices and personal computers, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, and third-party digital content and applications. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company anticipates utilizing approximately $14.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2019, which includes product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; data centers; corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software, and enhancements; and retail store facilities. The company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. The company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price protection and other customer incentive programs. The company also records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the company's historical experience. The company performs a regular review of inventory that considers multiple factors including demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, and component cost trends. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture sub-assemblies for its products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations over the next 12 months. The company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. The company has also entered, and in the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on the notes. The company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The company anticipates gross margin percentage during the first quarter of 2019 to be between 38.0% and 38.5%. The company believes that any incremental Irish corporate income taxes potentially due related to the state aid decision would be creditable against U.S. taxes, subject to any foreign tax credit limitations in the act. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, with reportable segments that consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan, and the rest of Asia Pacific. The company has indicated it may from time to time provide future unspecified software upgrades to the device's essential software and/or non-software services free of charge. The company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any security is other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require the company to record an impairment charge in the period any such determination is made. The company believes the state aid decision to be without merit and appealed to the general court of the court of justice of the European Union. The company continues to evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets quarterly by assessing the need for and the amount of a valuation allowance. The company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers, agreeing to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of their status as directors or officers of the company.