The discussion in our MD&A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K contains trend analyses and other forward-looking statements, including expectations regarding product capability and acceptance, and our ability to successfully expand adoption of our products. Autodesk has made a strategic decision to shift its business model from selling perpetual licenses to selling subscriptions, which are designed to give customers more flexibility and to attract a broader range of users. Our product subscriptions represent a hybrid of desktop software and cloud functionality, providing a collaborative design workflow. We believe that customer adoption of these new offerings will continue to grow as customers take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these services. As part of our strategy, we seek to maintain an open-architecture design of our software products to facilitate third-party development of complementary products and industry-specific software solutions, enabling customers to customize solutions for specific uses. The Autodesk Forge program supports innovators that build solutions to facilitate the development of a connected ecosystem for design and manufacturing. Our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, and educational institutions provides a competitive advantage, allowing us to reach volume markets effectively. We have established various incentive programs to align our direct and indirect channels with our business strategies. Our strategy depends on making technology available to mainstream markets, leveraging our global network, and improving product performance and functionality. The transition to a subscription model has resulted in significant growth in subscription revenue, driven by product subscriptions and enterprise business agreements. We anticipate ongoing declines in maintenance plan subscriptions as customers continue to convert to subscription plans. Our strategy involves improving product functionality and expanding offerings through internal development and acquisitions, which are expected to enhance our cloud-based construction platform. We continually review the trade-offs associated with acquisitions, which may entail cost and integration challenges. The adoption of new revenue accounting standards has impacted our financial metrics, reflecting the transition from maintenance to subscription models. Our cash flow from operations has increased, supported by growth in deferred revenue. We expect to meet our liquidity needs through a combination of current cash balances, ongoing cash flows, and external borrowings. Our investments in marketable securities are subject to periodic impairment reviews, and we assess the realizability of long-lived assets quarterly. The management of our technology resources, including IT infrastructure and capabilities, is critical to supporting our business strategies and operational efficiency. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other capabilities to enhance organizational performance and respond to market dynamics.