We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We also provide consulting services related to health and welfare benefits, voluntary benefits, executive benefits, compensation, retirement planning, institutional investment and fiduciary, actuarial, compliance, private insurance exchange, human resource technology, communications, and benefits administration. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions. Commissions depend upon a large number of factors, including the type of risk being placed, the particular underwriting enterprise's demand, the expected loss experience of the particular risk of coverage, and historical benchmarks surrounding the level of effort necessary for us to place and service the insurance contract. We also provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, small underwriting enterprises, such as accounting, claims and loss processing assistance, feasibility studies, actuarial studies, data analytics, and other administrative services. The increase in operating expense in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, marketing expense, meeting and client entertainment expenses, real estate expenses, office supplies, employee-related expense, outside services expense, licenses and fees, professional and banking fees, other expenses, business insurance, and premium financing interest expense. The increase in operating expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation, increases in lease termination charges, technology expenses, employee expense, meeting and client entertainment expenses, outside consulting fees, bad debt expense, marketing expense, licenses and fees, outside services, partially offset by decreases in real estate expenses, business insurance, office supplies, and premium financing interest expense. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our investments in technology and software development projects are also expected to enhance our operational capabilities. The adoption of a new revenue recognition accounting standard had a material impact on the presentation of our results in certain quarters due to timing changes in the recognition of certain revenue and expenses. We believe that these presentations provide useful information to management, analysts, and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our results of operations and financial condition. The increase in fees for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to new business and higher international performance bonus fees. The increase in fees for 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to new business and higher international performance bonus fees. The increase in compensation expense in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in employee headcount in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily relates to the addition of employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed in 2018 and new production hires.