The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes. The success of our strategies may be affected by various factors, including the business and regulatory environment in which we operate, which remains subject to elevated uncertainty and change. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our financial performance is significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our clients, as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. The management of our business, including our IT capabilities, is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities is essential for achieving our strategic objectives. We have implemented model changes related to our living benefit valuation and conducted our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications, provides us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. Our management uses certain non-GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors, which facilitates a more meaningful trend analysis. The ability to realize the financial, operating, and business fundamental benefits of strategic transactions and initiatives we have completed, are pursuing, or may pursue in the future is impacted by our management's capability to effectively support business needs. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements, and if actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care business, including a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. Our annual review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy resulted in loss recognition primarily due to unfavorable morbidity experience, partially offset by approved, pending, and future expected premium increases. The ability to provide actionable investments and maintain operational flexibility is critical for our business strategy alignment and market responsiveness. The management of our IT infrastructure and governance is essential for ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements and enhancing our organizational effectiveness and agility.