The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends on the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our tenant leases with wireless carriers generally have an initial non-cancellable term of at least ten years, with multiple renewal terms, resulting in recurring revenue that we expect to continue to receive in future periods. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments include growth in tenant billings, new revenue attributable to leases in place on sites acquired or constructed, and contractual rent escalations on existing tenant leases. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while deploying next-generation wireless technologies. In addition, we expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We have master lease agreements with certain of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. We expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks. Our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology has included a period of carrier consolidation, which we expect will continue to impact our revenues. Our ability to manage and deploy IT resources effectively is crucial for enhancing our operational efficiency and achieving our organizational goals. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support our business strategies and work processes.