We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. We are also investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of global compute, storage, database, and other service offerings to developers and enterprises of all sizes. Our variable costs include costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Costs to operate our AWS segment are primarily classified as "technology and content" as we leverage a shared infrastructure that supports both our internal technology requirements and external sales to AWS customers. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever-increasing scale. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2017 and 2018, compared to the comparable prior years, is primarily due to an increase in spending on technology infrastructure and increased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment centers and other facilities. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology and content costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. The increase in fulfillment costs in absolute dollars in 2017 and 2018, compared to the comparable prior years, is primarily due to costs from expanding our fulfillment network, which includes physical stores, and variable costs corresponding with increased product and service sales volume and inventory levels.