We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers and campuses for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. Computing architectures are evolving to meet the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. Accordingly, we intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to it. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing customers. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support effectively. In order to support our strong growth, we have and may continue to accelerate our investment in infrastructure, such as enterprise resource planning software and other technologies to improve the efficiency of our operations. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, manufacturing-related costs, and the mix of products sold. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on these factors. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders, especially with respect to our large end customers, due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. Our cash provided by operating activities was primarily from net income, non-cash adjustments to net income, and a net increase in cash from changes in our operating assets and liabilities. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings.