We are a global services company with three reportable operating segments: global consumer services group (gcsg), global commercial services (gcs), and global merchant and network services (gmns). Our results for 2018 reflect strong performance and our focus on, and investment in, our four strategic imperatives - expand our leadership in the premium consumer space, build on our strong position in commercial payments, strengthen our global, integrated network and make American Express an essential part of our customers' digital lives. We continued to invest in new services and card member benefits, new card acquisitions, and expanding our merchant network. Our results also included the benefit of a lower tax provision due to a reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate resulting from the tax act, along with several discrete tax benefits. We are focused on driving discount revenue growth, not the average discount rate. Card fee revenue saw double-digit year-over-year growth and reflected increased engagement from both new and existing customers as a result of the benefits that we have added to our card products around the world. Spending on customer engagement increased year-over-year across all categories, driven by higher spending volumes and enhancements to our services. We plan to continue making investments in our business to generate and sustain a strong level of revenue growth, which we believe is the foundation for steady and consistent double-digit EPS growth. While we continue to see some headwinds from an uncertain economic environment, regulation in countries around the world, and intense competition, we remain focused on delivering differentiated value to our merchants, card members, and business partners. Our marketing and business development expenses increased, primarily driven by higher spending on growth initiatives and continued investments in partnerships. We have implemented an information security program designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) cybersecurity common standards framework, which consists of controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from information and cyber security incidents. The framework defines risks and associated controls embedded in our processes and technology. We use our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (ERM) program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. The implementation and execution of the ERM program is headed by our chief risk officer. The risk committee of our board of directors provides oversight of our enterprise-wide risk management framework, processes, and methodologies. We seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in these processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. Our credit risk management process is supported by sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that use up-to-date information on prospects and customers. We have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems. We define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm, fines, monetary penalties, and payment of damages or other forms of sanction as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules, or standards of conduct. Our privacy framework and operating model follow a similar structure, providing oversight and governance for the collection, notice, use, sharing, transfer, confidentiality, and retention of personal data.