During fiscal 2018, we achieved record net income of $1.338 billion, a 4.4% increase over the prior year, and sales growth of $332.4 million, a 3.1% increase over the prior year. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, and other economic conditions. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. In recent years, we closely studied our hub distribution model, store inventory levels, and product assortment, which led to strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our domestic stores and significantly expanding parts assortment in select domestic stores we call mega hubs. We expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. As the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. During fiscal 2018, we completed our testing and implemented new frequencies resulting in approximately 25% of our stores, representing 40% of our retail sales volume and nearly 50% of our commercial sales volume, receiving distribution center deliveries three or more times per week. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations, and investments in technology. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per location. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. These extended payment terms have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. We had an accounts payable to inventory ratio of 111.8% at August 25, 2018, 107.4% at August 26, 2017, and 112.8% at August 27, 2016. The increase from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to more favorable vendor terms. Our cash flows were also used in the purchase of other intangibles and we invested a portion of our assets held by our wholly owned insurance captive in marketable securities. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our liquidity is primarily supported by cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts, products, and accessories. Our cash balances are held in various locations around the world. As of August 25, 2018, cash and cash equivalents of $98.8 million were held outside of the U.S. and were generally utilized to support liquidity needs in our foreign operations. We believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years; however, actual results could differ from our estimates, and we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. We believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment-grade credit ratings.