We enable our customers to design electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic systems, ICs, electronic devices, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. Our strategy, which we call SDE, is to provide the technologies necessary for our customers to develop a complete and functional electronic product. Our SDE strategy enables us to address the growing trends of electronic systems companies developing their own ICs as part of their end product systems, as well as semiconductor companies delivering greater portions of the systems into which their IC products are integrated. Our products and services enable our customers to design complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our products is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. We combine our products and technologies into categories related to major design activities, including functional verification, digital IC design and signoff, custom IC design and simulation, system interconnect and analysis, and IP. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue and certain elements of operating expenses. The adoption of Topic 606 limits the comparability of revenue and certain expenses presented in the results of operations. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. Product and maintenance revenue increased during fiscal 2018, as compared to fiscal 2017, primarily because of increased investments by our customers in new, complex designs for their products resulting in revenue growth in each of our five product categories. We must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. The demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products and we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Costs included in research and development increased during fiscal 2018, primarily due to incremental investments in research and development as a result of additional hiring and incremental costs resulting from our fiscal 2017 acquisitions. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rate movements, stock-based compensation, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. We expect stock-based compensation to increase operating expenses during fiscal 2019. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2018 was primarily due to the improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate agreements should be accounted for separately or as, in substance, a single arrangement.