We are the second largest cable operator in the United States and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet, and voice services to approximately 28.1 million residential and small and medium business customers. We have been focused on integrating the practices and systems of legacy Charter, legacy TWC, and legacy Bright House, centralizing our product, marketing, sales, and service operations, and rolling out SPP to legacy TWC and 29 legacy Bright House service areas. In 2018, we completed the conversion of the remaining legacy TWC and legacy Bright House analog service areas to an all-digital platform, enabling us to deliver more HD channels and higher internet speeds. Additionally, we have doubled minimum internet speeds to 200 Mbps in a number of service areas at no additional cost to new and existing internet customers. We expect our growing levels of productivity will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes, and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls. We believe our Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. Our mobile product line increased revenues by $106 million, and reduced adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow by approximately $240 million and $594 million, respectively. We continue to explore ways to manage our own network and drive even more mobile traffic to our network through our continued deployment of in-home and outdoor Wi-Fi hotspots. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, with capital expenditures of $9.1 billion, $8.7 billion, and $5.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. The increase in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher scalable infrastructure related to the timing of spend and planned product improvements, higher support capital investments due to the timing of spend and mobile, and higher line extensions as a result of regulatory merger conditions. We expect capital expenditures, excluding capital expenditures related to mobile, to be approximately $7 billion in 2019, versus $8.9 billion in 2018, primarily driven by lower customer premise equipment spend with the completion of our all-digital conversion and lower scalable infrastructure spend with the completion of the roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, and we capitalize direct labor and overhead associated with network construction or upgrades. We evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant, and equipment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, including changes in technological advances and fluctuations in the fair value of such assets. We utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant, and equipment in connection with business combinations, relying on management's assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components.