The company seeks to deliver strong, consistent business results and superior shareholder returns by providing consumers globally with products that make their lives healthier and more enjoyable. To achieve its business and financial objectives, the company focuses the organization on initiatives to drive and fund growth. The company seeks to capture significant opportunities for growth by identifying and meeting consumer needs within its core categories, through its focus on innovation and the deployment of valuable consumer and shopper insights in the development of successful new products regionally, which can then be rolled out on a global basis. The investments needed to support growth are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things, and encompass a wide range of projects. The company continues to prioritize its investments toward its higher margin businesses, specifically oral care, personal care, and pet nutrition. The company has developed key initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary, and skin care professionals and traditional and e-commerce retailers. The company's restructuring program known as the "global growth and efficiency program" runs through December 31, 2019, with initiatives focused on expanding commercial hubs, extending shared business services, and optimizing global supply chain and facilities. The program's initiatives are expected to help the company ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales, operating profit, and earnings per share and to enhance its global leadership positions in its core businesses. The implementation of the global growth and efficiency program remains on track and is in its final year. The company expects savings from the global growth and efficiency program to increase future cash flows, projected to be in the range of $590 to $635 pretax annually, once all projects are approved and implemented. The company also continues to enhance its digital marketing capabilities and intends to broaden its e-commerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. The rapid growth of e-commerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels may create pricing pressures and adversely affect the company's relationships with its key retailers. The company has experienced and may continue to experience volatile foreign currency fluctuations and high raw and packaging material costs. The company's commitment to its priorities, together with the strength of its global brands, broad international presence, and cost-saving initiatives, positions the company well to increase shareholder value over the long term. The company monitors a variety of key indicators to assess business health and performance, including market share, net sales, organic sales growth, and measures used to optimize the management of working capital, capital expenditures, cash flow, and return on capital. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.