As of December 31, 2018, we continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and equipping select restaurants with an upgraded second make line dedicated to fulfilling out-of-restaurant orders. General and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2018, due to higher costs associated with our annual incentive cash bonus program and retention bonuses, as well as general and administrative growth to support our restaurant growth and digitizing our restaurant experience. We expect the majority of our capital expenditures to consist of investments in existing restaurants, including remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our second make lines and other restaurant equipment. We also expect about $130 million in capital expenditures related to our construction of new restaurants, before any reductions for landlord reimbursements. For new restaurants to be opened in 2019, we anticipate average development costs will increase due to strategic initiatives planned in new restaurants such as a pickup lane and an upgraded second make line. The increase in comparable restaurant sales was attributable to an increase in average check, including a 4.0% benefit from menu price increases, partially offset by 0.8% fewer comparable restaurant transactions. Our total capital expenditures for 2018 were $287.4 million. We expect to incur total corporate restructuring costs, including costs already incurred, aggregating approximately $48 million to $58 million. We recognized a total of $42.6 million of the foregoing costs during 2018, and expect to incur additional corporate restructuring costs into 2019 aggregating approximately $5 million to $15 million. The significant factors contributing to the increase in revenue in 2018 were new restaurant openings and comparable restaurant sales increases. Revenue from restaurants not yet in the comparable restaurant base contributed $237.4 million to the revenue increase, of which $112.1 million was attributable to restaurants opened in 2018. We are committed to making our food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose. We expect our full year 2019 comparable restaurant sales increases to be in the mid-single digit range. The decrease in restaurant operating costs as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to comparable restaurant sales increases combined with lower marketing and promotional expenses, partially offset by wage inflation at the crew level. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories, due in part to our use of various fresh ingredients. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards. We generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverage, and supplies some time after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth. The increase in labor costs was partially offset by sales leverage as our revenues increased 8.7% in 2018, which included the benefit of menu price increases. We expect to incur total restaurant exit costs, inclusive of costs already incurred, aggregating approximately $37 million to $43 million. We recognized restaurant exit costs of approximately $35.8 million during 2018, and expect to incur additional restaurant exit costs into 2019 aggregating approximately $1 million to $7 million.