We invest in and utilize our internal research and development capabilities, along with strategic acquisitions and partnerships, to meet our objectives. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules, and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. We expect demand to remain strong in many of our most important markets but also face headwinds in China and with Brexit. Research, development, and engineering expenses increased primarily due to investments in the electrified power segment, increased compensation expense driven by headcount growth, and expenses from the automated transmission business acquired in the third quarter of 2017. Research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines, and development activities around fully electric and hybrid powertrain solutions. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved mix, and favorable pricing, partially offset by increased warranty costs and higher compensation costs driven by headcount growth to support increased sales. The increase in equity, royalty, and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Tata Cummins Ltd. and Cummins Westport, Inc. as a result of unfavorable tax legislation remeasurement adjustments that did not repeat in 2018. We anticipate North American medium-duty truck and heavy-duty truck demand will remain strong. We expect demand for pick-up trucks in North America will remain strong. We anticipate power generation markets will remain strong, with increased demand in global data center markets. We expect construction markets will remain strong in North America and Europe. We expect demand in mining markets to stabilize. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems, and electrified power segments. This reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. Effective January 1, 2018, we changed our measure to EBITDA as a primary basis for the chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of each of our reportable operating segments. Segment amounts exclude certain expenses not specifically identifiable to segments. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, and debt service obligations.