Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We continue to believe that we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Our expectations take into account economic trends and analysis of our business, which are influenced by market conditions, regulatory environment, and our business strategies. We expect that our full-year operating efficiency ratio will improve modestly, excluding one-time expenses related to the Walmart originations programs and integration of the acquired portfolio. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment to proactively adjust our compliance risk program. Our risk framework provides an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk, which includes establishing governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites. The chief risk officer is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and monitoring credit exposure and performance. We employ various industry-standard market risk measurement techniques and analysis to measure, assess, and manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and economic value of equity. Our credit policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management, supported by detailed policies and procedures for each component of the credit process. We utilize a variety of quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each of our lines of business. We regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. Our liquidity risk management policies and standards are established for governance and monitoring of liquidity risk at a corporate level, ensuring that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties. We employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, including altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities. Our investment securities portfolio consists primarily of U.S. Treasury securities and government-sponsored enterprise securities, which generally have high credit ratings and low credit risks. We maintain a diverse mix of wholesale funding sources and have established liquidity practices to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements. Our technology infrastructure supports our risk management processes and practices, enabling effective risk modeling and efficient performance across the first, second, and third lines of defense. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business strategies.