Distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased 15.6% from the prior fiscal year primarily due to the January 2018 consolidation of Profarma, the January 2018 acquisition of H.D. Smith, and the duplicate costs resulting from the implementation of new information technology systems. Distribution, selling, and administrative expenses in other increased by 8.2% in the current fiscal year primarily to support its revenue growth, the January 2018 consolidation of the specialty joint venture in Brazil, and due to duplicate costs resulting from the implementation of new information technology systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 and 2017 included technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems and costs associated with expanding distribution capacity. We currently expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2019. Larger 2019 capital expenditures include costs related to new facilities and various technology initiatives. The increase in operating expenses was offset in part by an increase in gross profit. The suspension of production activity represented an impairment indicator of Pharmedium's long-lived assets and, therefore, performed a recoverability assessment of Pharmedium's long-lived assets. We have been in active communication with the FDA and the Consumer Protection Branch of the Civil Division of the DOJ regarding our ongoing compliance efforts at Pharmedium. Our operations have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock. Our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 was primarily impacted by the effect of the 2017 tax act. The effective tax rates for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2018 and 2017 were favorably impacted by our international businesses in Switzerland and Ireland, which have lower income tax rates, and the benefit from stock option exercises and restricted stock vesting. We utilize an income-based approach to value our reporting units, with the exception of the Profarma reporting unit, the fair value of which is based upon its publicly-traded stock price, plus an estimated control premium. The income-based approach relies on a discounted cash flow analysis, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate, to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. We have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. We manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. The amount of variable-rate debt fluctuates during the year based on our working capital requirements. We had $1.0 billion of variable-rate debt outstanding as of September 30, 2018. We periodically evaluate financial instruments to manage our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates. We also have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our cash and cash equivalents. We had $2,492.5 million in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2018. The unfavorable impact of a hypothetical decrease in interest rates on cash and cash equivalents would be partially offset by the favorable impact of such a decrease on variable-rate debt. We may utilize foreign currency denominated forward contracts to hedge against changes in foreign exchange rates. We may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure, but not for speculative or trading purposes. Our operations are comprised of the pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment and other operating segments that are not significant enough to require separate reportable segment disclosure.