We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that enables companies to improve their relationships and interactions with customers. Our core mission is to empower our customers of every size and industry to connect with their customers in new ways through existing and emerging technologies including cloud, mobile, social, internet of things ("IoT") and artificial intelligence ("AI") technologies. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance and security of our service, our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. We expect to continue to invest in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We have invested in additional database software and hardware and we plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, other customer-related areas and research and development, and the continued development of services including community cloud and industry clouds. We also regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings. As part of our growth strategy, we are delivering innovative solutions in new categories, including analytics, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, IoT and collaborative productivity tools. We drive innovation organically and to a lesser extent through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of MuleSoft and Datorama. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, the costs of our development and test data center and allocated overhead. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing the functionality and security and enhancing the ease of use of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. We expect that in the future, research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we invest in adding employees and building the necessary system infrastructure required to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired businesses, technologies and all of our service offerings. We expect marketing and sales expenses to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues in the future as we seek to grow our customer base, sell more products to existing customers, and continue to build greater brand awareness. We remain focused on improving operating margins and expect to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. The increase in cost of revenues was primarily due to an increase of service delivery costs, primarily due to our efforts to increase data center capacity, an increase of amortization of purchased intangible assets and an increase of allocated overhead. We expect to continue to invest additional resources in enhancing our cyber security measures.