Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the internet since 1984. Our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our product revenue reflected growth in infrastructure platforms, applications, and security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. We experienced some weakness in the service provider market and we expect ongoing uncertainty in that area. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. Our purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. The financing arrangements to customers provided by third parties are related to leases and loans and typically have terms of up to three years. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Our strategic management practices include a focus on innovation partnerships and technology management, which are essential for maintaining competitive positioning in the market. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force.