We continue to invest in business growth and technology, including the deployment of advanced analytics and automation. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was due to additional headcount for business growth and technological capabilities, as well as higher average salaries. Information processing and communications increased as the result of higher investments in infrastructure and analytic capabilities. Our marketing strategy remains focused on expanding wallet share with existing customers and adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, those of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. We continue to monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. The changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue, and prospects for future growth. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. The provision for loan losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimated probable losses in the loan portfolio at each period end date. The allowance for loan losses was $3.0 billion at December 31, 2018, which reflects a $420 million reserve build over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2017. The reserve build, which related primarily to credit card loans, was due to seasoning of continued loan growth and supply-driven credit normalization, due to increasing consumer leverage. Our liquidity portfolio is comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. We utilize early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. The increase in total other income was primarily driven by higher discount and interchange revenue and loan fee income. The increase in discount and interchange revenue is partially offset by higher rewards, both of which were primarily the result of higher sales volume. We expect to continue to repurchase shares under our program from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, subject to legal and regulatory requirements and restrictions. The declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors.