During fiscal 2018, we believe our business is well positioned with a broad geographic footprint, diverse product offerings, a balanced supply of finished lots, land and homes, a strong balance sheet and liquidity, and experienced personnel across our operating markets. Our operating strategy focuses on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to make opportunistic strategic investments. We have leveraged our scale and relationships to control increases in land and construction costs. Our strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position, actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk, and delivering high-quality homes to our customers. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our homebuilding operations employed 6,419 personnel at September 30, 2018, reflecting our commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our strategic management practices. We have also expanded our relationships with land developers across the country and grown our majority-owned Forestar lot development operations, which advances our strategy of increasing our access to optioned land and lot positions to enhance operational efficiency and returns. Our acquisition of Forestar is expected to provide additional opportunities for operational integration and resource mobilization. We expect that housing market conditions will continue to vary across our markets, and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, and further increases in mortgage interest rates or tightening of mortgage lending standards. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. Our financial services operations, comprising DHI Mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, are directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. Our mortgage operations revenues were reduced by losses on mortgage loans held for sale, which are subject to fluctuations based on market conditions. We have established reserves for various contingencies, including warranty claims and legal actions, which reflect our commitment to managing risks associated with our business operations. Our strategic decisions are influenced by market dynamics, competitive conditions, and the need for operational flexibility to respond to changing consumer demands and economic conditions.