Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders through the payment of distributions, and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to customers at a premium over other uses. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the corporate data center, internet, and data communications industries. Demand for data center space, or the rates at which we lease space, may be adversely impacted by an increase in the number of competitors or the amount of space being offered in our metropolitan areas and other metropolitan areas by our competitors. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to maintain or improve the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space will impact our revenue base. The amount of rental income we generate also depends on maintaining or increasing rental rates at our properties, which in turn depends on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply. However, until this inventory is leased up, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure, targeting a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x and fixed charge coverage of greater than three times. Our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance, and site maintenance costs. Our buildings require significant power to support the data center operations contained in them. We expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand. Our management evaluates estimates related to our financial condition and results of operations on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions management believes are reasonable. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses. Our actual results may differ from these estimates.