Management believes that the financial statements for the three years ended September 30, 2018 have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company’s disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. In meeting its responsibility for the reliability of the financial statements, management relies on a system of internal accounting control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. This system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. Management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The independent auditors express an opinion on the company's consolidated financial statements and on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on procedures believed to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the company's internal controls are effective. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2018. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $650 million in 2019. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions and sustain long-term growth. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year, or otherwise when it can be accomplished tax efficiently. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity or backup credit lines. The company expects the revised standard for revenue recognition to have a material impact on its balance sheet due to the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities related to operating leases. The company is in the process of finalizing changes to its business processes, systems, controls and accounting policies to support recognition and disclosure under the new guidance. The company’s strong performance in fiscal 2018 provides momentum heading into 2019, with demand expected to continue in both mature and emerging markets and across industries. Automation solutions net sales are expected to be up 6 to 9 percent, with underlying sales up 5 to 8 percent excluding a positive impact from acquisitions of approximately 3 percent and unfavorable currency translation of 2 percent.