The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2018, we invested 16.7% of our net sales in research and development. We received regulatory approval of our Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index in the United States. This technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians of hypotension, or low blood pressure, before it occurs in their surgical patients. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. The increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by our Hemosphere advanced monitoring platform, core hemodynamic products, and our enhanced recovery products, primarily in the United States. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2018 compared to 2017 was driven by a 0.7 percentage point increase in the United States and a 0.2 percentage point increase in international markets due to an improved product mix, driven by THVT products. The increase in R&D expenses in 2018 compared to 2017 was due primarily to investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including spending on clinical trials. The medical technology industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. We believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months from the financial statement issuance date. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. The 2017 Act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. The deemed repatriation resulted in a $270.5 million tax obligation as of December 31, 2018. The one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in seven remaining annual installments. We assert that $1.1 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate $0.6 billion of our foreign earnings as of December 31, 2018. We acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events.