We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. We have commenced a project to develop the lone star oxide ores near the safford operation in eastern arizona, and pt freeport indonesia (pt-fi) has several projects in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and molybdenum, as well as other factors. The key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flow and capital expenditures. We continue to evaluate a large-scale expansion at el abra to process additional sulfide material and to achieve higher recoveries. The arrangements provide for us and the other pre-transaction pt-fi shareholders to retain the economics of the revenue and cost sharing arrangements under the former rio tinto joint venture. As a result, our economic interest in pt-fi is expected to approximate 81 percent from 2019 through 2022. We have significant mineral reserves, resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 119.6 billion pounds of copper, 30.8 million ounces of gold and 3.78 billion pounds of molybdenum. The impact of price changes during 2019 on operating cash flows would approximate $315 million for each $0.10 per pound change in the average price of copper, $40 million for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold and $130 million for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes and other factors. We have commenced a project to develop the lone star oxide ores near the safford operation in eastern arizona, and pt-fi has several projects in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. We expect to incorporate recent positive drilling and ongoing results in our future development plans. The arrangements provide for us and the other pre-transaction pt-fi shareholders to retain the economics of the revenue and cost sharing arrangements under the former rio tinto joint venture. As a result, our economic interest in pt-fi is expected to approximate 81 percent from 2019 through 2022. Our consolidated capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.4 billion in 2019, including $1.5 billion for major mining projects primarily associated with underground development activities in the grasberg minerals district and development of the lone star oxide project. The timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters. We believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. As quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of after-tax discounted estimated future cash flows. The indonesian government granted pt-fi a new special mining license (iupk) to replace its former cow, enabling pt-fi to conduct operations in the grasberg minerals district through 2041.