During fiscal 2018, our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, and we utilized our cash to enhance stockholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives and our stock repurchase programs. We continued to transform our business from on-premises to recurring revenue associated with our cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. The majority of our software solutions are available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud, and starting fiscal 2017 we added AWS as our primary cloud infrastructure provider. We have migrated several core applications, including the decision management suite, to AWS and will migrate additional applications over the next couple of years. Our cloud bookings accounted for 35% and 24% of our total bookings during fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, directly demonstrating the willingness among our customers to engage our cloud-based solutions. We continue to enhance stockholder value by returning cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. A significant portion of our revenues are derived from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees derived under credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements, and annual software maintenance fees. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. The increase in customer communication services was primarily attributable to an increase in transactional revenue as a result of our continued growth in the mobile communication market. The increase in originations solutions was primarily attributable to an increase in transactional and services revenues from our SaaS products. We are organized into three reportable segments: applications, scores, and decision management software. Our reportable business segments reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and 34% and 36% of total consolidated revenues were derived from clients outside the U.S. during fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. The fiscal 2018 over 2017 increase in operating income was attributable to a $100.3 million increase in segment revenues, a $6.1 million decrease in amortization expense, and a $4.5 million decrease in restructuring and acquisition-related expenses. The increase in segment operating income was the result of a $67.2 million increase in our scores segment operating income and a $5.1 million increase in our applications segment operating income. The decision management software segment operating margin decreased to a negative 29% from a negative 10% mainly due to a decrease in sales of our higher-margin software products, as well as our continued investment in cloud infrastructure operations and new products. Our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. We continue to evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. We may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. We expect that research and development expenditures as a percentage of revenues will be consistent with or slightly higher than those incurred during fiscal 2018, driven by our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products.