As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in R&D and capital expenditures. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. Our capital expenditures have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Accordingly, we expect TAC paid to our distribution partners to increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including Google network members TAC rates, which are affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix, revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies. Additionally, other cost of revenues includes expenses associated with our data centers and other operations, including bandwidth, compensation expenses, depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware inventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. Our strategic management practices include ongoing investments in technology capabilities that enhance our operational efficiency and effectiveness in meeting evolving user demands and market dynamics.