During 2018, Honeywell continued to deliver on our financial commitments and to create long-term shareowner value. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to take better advantage of our core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in six attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization, and safety. We are executing on our strategy to become a software-industrial company, which for us means products and services that facilitate the connected plane, building, and factory. Our 2019 areas of focus include driving profitable growth through research and development and technological excellence to deliver innovative products that customers value, and through expansion and localization of our footprint in high growth regions. We are also focused on expanding margins by optimizing the company’s cost structure through manufacturing and administrative process improvements, repositioning, and other productivity actions. We expect to spend approximately $800 million for capital expenditures in 2019 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. Our consolidated results are principally impacted by changes in global economic growth rates and industry conditions and demand in our key end markets, as well as the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We identify acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. In 2018, we realized $2,622 million in net cash proceeds from the spin-off of non-strategic businesses. Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities reflect our commitment to managing our businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. We continue to balance our cash and financing uses through investment in our existing core businesses, acquisition activity, share repurchases, and dividends. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. We expect our primary cash requirements in 2019 to include funding capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, strategic acquisitions, and debt repayments.