Our business environment has been characterized by rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. Recent changes regarding global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 1% in 2018 from 2017, driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and increases in pricing of our products. Technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations, and other investments. Our technology and communications expenses increased in 2018 from 2017, primarily due to data center migrations, hardware support upgrades, and cybersecurity investments, as well as increased costs related to our recent acquisitions. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our trading and clearing and data and listings segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, and required and discretionary technology initiatives. We currently expect to incur capital expenditures and to incur software development costs that are eligible for capitalization ranging in the aggregate between $290 million and $320 million in 2019, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration, and the continued growth of our businesses. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our exposure to foreign denominated earnings is presented by primary foreign currency, and we have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis, and executing agreements to protect our interests. The ice clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash and cash equivalent deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return which may generate interest income for our clearing members, while primarily concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits.