Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The rapid expansion of cloud-based services is creating a more dynamic and highly competitive software industry. High availability and speed of service are reshaping customer expectations around the world. These shifts are accelerating product introductions and enhancements. Personalization and data-driven insights, augmented by artificial intelligence and machine learning, are transforming the way that people manage their financial lives. Our total service and other revenue was $4.5 billion or 75% of our total revenue in fiscal 2018 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. Revenue for our small business & self-employed segment increased 18% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017, primarily due to growth in online ecosystem revenue driven by customer acquisition. Online ecosystem revenue increased $340 million or 40% in fiscal 2018 compared with fiscal 2017. The revenue growth was driven by customer acquisition. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2018 as well as our future prospects. Our consumer segment revenue increased 14% due to a higher average revenue per customer, growth in turbotax federal units, and a shift in mix to our higher end product offerings. We have reclassified certain amounts related to our reportable segments previously reported in our financial statements to conform to the current presentation. Our business is subject to significant seasonality. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. We believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities. We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. Significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote as well as in the determination of whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $1.7 billion at July 31, 2018, none of those funds were restricted, and approximately 87% of those funds were located in the U.S. Our unsecured revolving credit facility is available to us for general corporate purposes, including future acquisitions and share repurchases. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.