As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Global and regional economic conditions have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, our ability to raise capital from investors, and our ability to make new investments. Technological advancements and innovations may disrupt marketplaces and businesses. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet and our ability to realize investments at a profit. Our ability to successfully deploy capital is dependent upon our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit, and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We seek to make investments that have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk, and we may experience periods of reduced investment activity. Our segment revenues consist of fees, performance income, and investment income. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our results of operations and financial condition. The performance of the credit markets has had an amplified impact on our financial results, as we directly bear the full extent of losses from credit instruments on our balance sheet. Our management companies bear no obligations with respect to financing arrangements at our consolidated funds. We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements, and other sources of liquidity that we have entered into with major financial institutions or which we receive from the capital markets. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business lines, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies. We may also be required to fund various underwriting, syndication, and fronting commitments in our capital markets business in connection with the underwriting of loans, securities, or other financial instruments. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of amounts received from our operating activities, including the fees earned from our funds, portfolio companies, and capital markets transactions, realizations on carried interest from our investment funds, and interest and dividends from investments that generate yield. The declaration and payment of dividends to our class A common stockholders will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our dividend policy may be changed at any time. Our investments and financial instruments are recorded at fair value or at amounts whose carrying values approximate fair value. The valuation process involved for level III measurements is completed on a quarterly basis and is designed to subject the valuation of level III investments to an appropriate level of consistency, oversight, and review. The global valuation committee is responsible for coordinating and implementing the firm's valuation process to ensure consistency in the application of valuation principles across portfolio investments and between periods.