The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications that fuel demand for process control equipment. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Research and development expenses may fluctuate with product development phases and project timing as well as our focused R&D efforts that are aligned with our overall business strategy. Technological innovation is essential to our success, and we may incur significant costs associated with R&D projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. We regularly review relative selling prices and maintain internal controls over the establishment and updates of these estimates. The objective of our research and development is to address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our gross margin increased during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, primarily due to a favorable mix of products and services sold, a higher revenue volume of products and services, and lower customer support costs. The increase in our product revenues was primarily driven by increased investments from our memory and wafer customers for next generation technology as well as capacity-related investments. Our service revenues are generated from maintenance contracts, as well as billable time and material service calls made to our customers after the expiration of the warranty period. The amount of our service revenues is typically a function of the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites and the utilization of those systems, but it is also impacted by other factors, such as our rate of service contract renewals. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. As our customer base becomes increasingly more concentrated, large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more volatility for revenues and earnings.