In operating our business, we seek to leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocate capital in value-creating ways. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying the company's manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. This program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. We expect to achieve cost savings of $400 to $450, including $300 to $325 from our force program and $100 to $125 from the 2018 global restructuring program. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Cash provided by operations was $3.0 billion in 2018 compared to $2.9 billion in 2017, driven by improved working capital and lower tax payments. Our effective tax rate in 2018 was essentially even compared to the rate in 2017, which included a net charge related to U.S. tax reform matters. The 2018 results were impacted by higher input costs, driven by inflation, along with unfavorable currency effects. We expect net sales to decrease 1 to 2 percent, with organic sales anticipated to increase approximately 2 percent, driven by higher net selling prices. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. We believe our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. Our products are sold under well-known brands, and we have three reportable business segments: personal care, consumer tissue, and KCP. We describe our business outside North America in two groups—developing and emerging markets and developed markets. Our strategic management practices focus on aligning our business strategies with market dynamics and consumer demands. The 2018 global restructuring program is expected to generate annual pre-tax savings by 2021. We anticipate that the majority of the inflation in key cost inputs will occur in international markets. Our share of net income of equity companies was $103 in 2018, reflecting the impact of organic sales growth and cost savings. The restructuring actions were completed by December 31, 2016, and we continue to monitor our organizational capabilities and effectiveness in achieving our strategic goals. The changes in our operational efficiency and the integration of technology resources are critical to enhancing our competitive positioning in the market. We expect to incur incremental capital spending associated with the 2018 global restructuring program, which will support our long-term strategic objectives.