Management's discussion and analysis highlights that Lam Research Corporation has built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our vision is to realize full value from natural technology extensions of our company, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The semiconductor manufacturing process involves the complete fabrication of multiple dies or integrated circuits on a wafer, which requires highly sophisticated process technologies to integrate an increasing array of new materials with precise control at the atomic scale. Demand from the cloud, IoT, and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors, which creates opportunities for sustainable differentiation. Our focus on research and development, collaborative focus with ecosystem partners, and ability to leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base are critical to enhancing the value of our solutions to customers. The increase in technology and capacity investments by our customers reflects a correlation with our revenue levels, which are generally influenced by the amount of shipments and installation timelines. Our core technical competency integrates hardware, processes, materials, software, and process control, enabling results on the wafer, which is essential for meeting technical requirements and delivering high productivity. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers is significant, as we target to gain market share in technology inflection areas such as 3D device scaling and advanced packaging. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to favorable margin mix and higher revenue, which is linked to improved factory utilization from higher production volume. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. Our liquidity reserves are important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure, which is crucial in a highly competitive semiconductor industry that experiences rapid changes in demand. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity will support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, and capital expenditures through at least the next twelve months. The company's ability to manage costs based on demand for products and services will significantly impact future liquidity. Our cash flow from operating activities and investments reflects our commitment to enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The strategic relevance with customers is increased by contributing more to their continued success, which is aligned with our goal of enhancing the value of Lam's solutions. The integration of technology capabilities and management skills is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force in the semiconductor industry.