We provide our guests new and memorable experiences through our portfolio of brands, innovative technology, personalized guest recognition, and access to travel experiences through our Marriott Bonvoy Moments program. Our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty program, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Following the data security incident, we began a guest outreach effort and offered certain services to help guests monitor and protect their information. We also established a multi-language dedicated website and multi-language call center to answer guests' questions about the incident. We are offering free web monitoring solutions for affected guests in certain jurisdictions where the monitoring services are available. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for IT and information security, incident response and customer care, and increased expenses for insurance, compliance activities, and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. We continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. In 2018 compared to 2017 at comparable properties, worldwide company-operated house profit margins increased by 40 basis points, primarily reflecting RevPAR growth, improved productivity, procurement cost savings, and synergy savings from the Starwood combination. Our development pipeline grew to a record 478,000 rooms, with more than half located outside of North America. The pipeline includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, and nearly 23,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $500 million to $700 million for 2019, including acquisitions, loan advances, equity and other investments, contract acquisition costs, and various capital expenditures. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We also expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions, new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company.