Moody's is a provider of software solutions that support financial risk management activities and develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. The company focuses on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailoring these in response to changing business needs and directions. Moody's evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis, or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure of the company due to acquisitions or indicators of potential impairment, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The transition to software as a service (SaaS) sales is expected to contribute to a more stable and profitable base of recurring revenue, reflecting a strategic shift in business operations. The company's revenue arrangements often include multiple performance obligations, requiring significant judgment in determining the level of integration and interdependency between software licenses and related implementation services. Management's judgment is also required in the determination of standalone selling prices, which influences revenue allocation among performance obligations. The restructuring program approved in late 2018 is estimated to result in annualized savings, benefiting the company’s operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The company’s strategic management practices include evaluating the recoverability of goodwill and conducting sensitivity analyses on future cash flows and weighted average cost of capital, which are critical for assessing firm performance and market-based performance. The company’s organizational capabilities are enhanced through the integration of acquired businesses, which also involves significant estimates and assumptions related to future operating results and cash flows. Moody's remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, and making selective acquisitions, all of which are aligned with maintaining sufficient liquidity. The company's approach to managing its technology infrastructure and capabilities is integral to its competitive positioning and market responsiveness, ensuring that it can effectively respond to external influences and market dynamics.