Management continues to evaluate the company's segment performance and allocated resources and may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability. Financial strength and flexibility and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. Larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the capability to engage with the new digital entrants. The life insurance industry remains highly competitive, with product development focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. Insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue; there is a focus on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. The company's enterprise strategy is founded on the principle of one metlife, where digital and simplified are the key enablers of its strategic cornerstones. This enterprise strategy has enhanced its ability to focus on the right markets, build clear differentiators, and continue to make the right investments to deliver shareholder value. The company has established several senior management committees as part of its capital management process, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels and the annual capital plan in accordance with its capital policy. The capital policy sets forth minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. The company has a substantial short-term liquidity position, which includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The liquidity management includes managing the level of liquid assets, which was $202.7 billion at December 31, 2018. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure its free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. The company applies disciplined asset/liability management strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. The investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. The company utilizes various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee's time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales. The company’s investment strategy includes maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that reflects the duration of its estimated liability cash flow profile. The company’s risk management approach includes a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to variable annuity guarantees. The company’s annual actuarial assumption review resulted in changes to economic, biometric, policyholder behavior, and operational assumptions, impacting adjusted earnings. The company is subject to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks, which are managed through the use of derivatives. The company’s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from major credit rating agencies. The liquidity and capital management processes are critical to retaining such credit ratings, ensuring sufficient liquidity and capital to enable the company to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends, and meet its cash needs.