Altria's management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items, including those items noted above. Altria's management believes that adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. These adjusted financial measures are used by management and regularly provided to Altria's chief operating decision maker for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Altria's businesses generate substantially all of their revenue from sales contracts with customers. Altria's businesses define net revenues as revenues, which include excise taxes and shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of cash discounts for prompt payment, sales returns and sales incentives. Altria's businesses recognize revenues from sales contracts with customers upon shipment of goods when control of such products is obtained by the customer. Altria's management cannot estimate on a forward-looking basis the impact of certain income and expense items, including those items noted in the preceding paragraph, on Altria's reported diluted EPS and reported effective tax rate because these items, which could be significant, may be infrequent, are difficult to predict and may be highly variable. Altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, actual performance in the short-term or long-term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods. Altria's management also reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis. Altria's adjusted effective tax rate may exclude certain tax items from its reported effective tax rate. The factors described in item 1A represent continuing risks to this forecast. Altria's businesses promote their products with consumer incentives, trade promotions and consumer engagement programs. These consumer incentive and trade promotion activities do not create a distinct deliverable and are, therefore, recorded as a reduction of revenues. Altria's businesses expense these consumer engagement programs, which include event marketing, as incurred and such expenses are included in marketing, administration and research costs in Altria's consolidated statements of earnings. Altria's management believes it is appropriate to disclose operating companies income to help investors analyze the business performance and trends of the various business segments. The consolidated financial statements include Altria, as well as its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Altria's businesses account for the cost of the state settlement agreements and FDA user fees as a component of cost of sales. Altria's management has concluded that it is not probable that a loss has been incurred in any of the pending tobacco-related cases. Altria's management reviews its investment in AB InBev for impairment by comparing the fair value of its investment to its carrying value. Altria's management recognizes accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of the provision for income taxes in its consolidated statements of earnings. Altria's businesses record an allowance for returned goods, based principally on historical volume and return rates, which is included in other accrued liabilities on Altria's consolidated balance sheets. The estimated fair values of the cigarettes and cigars reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets within those reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values. Altria expects the adjusted diluted EPS growth to come in the last three quarters of 2019, with a mid-single digit decline in the first quarter.