We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing; retail; and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer. The acquisition of Andeavor was a highly integrated marketing, logistics, and refining company operating primarily in the western and mid-continent United States. The acquisition substantially increases our geographic diversification and scale and strengthens each of our operating segments by diversifying our refining portfolio into attractive markets and increasing access to advantaged feedstocks, enhancing our midstream footprint in the Permian Basin, and creating a nationwide retail and marketing portfolio, all of which is expected to substantially improve efficiencies and our ability to serve customers. We expect the combination to generate up to approximately $1.4 billion in gross run-rate synergies within the first three years, significantly enhancing our long-term cash flow generation profile. Our midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing or conditioning at our own or third-party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index-related prices and the cost of third-party transportation and fractionation services. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. The profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. The profitability of our light product terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at these terminals. Our integrated midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas and NGLs from some of the largest supply basins in the United States to domestic and international markets. Our midstream gathering and processing operations include natural gas gathering, processing, and transportation; and NGL gathering, transportation, fractionation, storage, and marketing. We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with MPLX and Andeavor. Under these agreements, MPLX and Andeavor provide transportation, storage, distribution, and marketing services to our refining & marketing segment. Our retail segment operates the second largest chain of company-owned and operated retail gasoline and convenience stores in the United States, with approximately 3,920 convenience stores. The retail segment income from operations increased primarily due to contributions from the retail operations acquired in the Andeavor acquisition. The margin on merchandise sold at our convenience stores historically has been less volatile and has contributed substantially to our retail segment margin. Our capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing, retail, and corporate, as well as a portion of the planned capital investments in midstream. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. The 2019 capital investment plan for MPC totals approximately $2.8 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding MPLX and Andeavor, capitalized interest, and acquisitions. The growth plan includes the addition of approximately 765 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity at five gas processing plants, which expands MPLX's processing capacity in the Permian Basin and the Stack shale play of Oklahoma.