We are a leading provider of mission-critical investment decision support tools and services, leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology to deliver actionable solutions to our clients. Our tools and services help investors better understand the drivers of risk and return and build portfolios to more effectively and efficiently achieve their investment objectives. Our business model is generally to license annual, recurring subscriptions for the majority of our index, analytics, and ESG products and services. We focus on improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, which is integral to our growth strategy. Our operating expenses include costs related to information technology, including data center, platform, and infrastructure costs, as well as costs to acquire, produce, and maintain market data information. Research and development expenses primarily consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures, and we review expenses by activity to provide transparency into how resources are being deployed. Our recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts and are recognized ratably over the term of the license or service. The increase in our revenues is driven by strong growth across all types of index-linked investment products, which reflects our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources effectively. Our growth strategy includes expanding value-added service offerings and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We have a diverse client base, and through a combined use of the content and capabilities provided by each of our operating segments, our clients gain a broad view of the global investment industry, enabling them to manage their investment objectives across multiple asset classes in an increasingly integrated manner. Our focus on operational efficiency and the effective deployment of IT resources is critical to our competitive positioning and market responsiveness. The increase in our client contracts and recurring revenues reflects our ability to adapt to changing market dynamics and client needs, enhancing our overall firm capability. Our investment in technology infrastructure and the development of innovative solutions are essential components of our strategic resource allocation, driving performance gains and supporting our long-term business objectives. As of December 31, 2018, we had over 7,000 clients across 90 countries, and our revenues are characterized by recurring subscription, asset-based fees, and non-recurring revenues, demonstrating our ability to leverage technology in support of our business strategies.