During the second quarter of 2018, we modified our internal reporting structure to better align the way financial information is reported to and analyzed by executive leadership, in part as a result of recent acquisitions contributing to the growth within the newly-aligned services and software segment. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video, and services make cities safer and help communities and businesses thrive. We serve our customers with a global footprint of sales in more than 100 countries and 16,000 employees worldwide based on our industry-leading innovation and a deep portfolio of products and services. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have expanded our services offering to maintain, monitor, secure, and manage our customers' networks. We have invested organically and via the acquisitions of plant, kodiak networks, and spillman in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, to add new capabilities to our command center software offering. These investments help improve efficiency for first responders by enabling them to make use of rich data content such as pictures, video, and text messages. Our services and software business supplements our land mobile radio solutions. We expect continued growth for our value-added services going forward. Our largest investment in 2018 was the acquisition of avigilon and its video and analytics solutions, which are an increasingly powerful tool for first responders. Video devices, video management, video analytics software, and access control solutions for both government and commercial customers represent a large and expanding market. Our offerings, including high-definition cameras, advanced video analytics, and video management solutions provide a scalable architecture that allows for easier and faster deployments than other point solutions in the marketplace today. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services and software over time. The increase in net sales was driven by growth excluding acquisitions in both services and software and also including the acquisitions of plant, kodiak networks, and interexport. The services and software segment provides a broad range of solution offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks. Services include a continuum of service offerings beginning with repair, technical support, and maintenance. More advanced offerings include monitoring, software updates, and cybersecurity services. Managed services range from partial to full operation of customer or motorola solutions-owned networks. Software includes a public safety and enterprise command center software suite, unified communications applications, and video software solutions, delivered both on premise and "as a service." The primary customers of the products and systems integration segment are government, public safety, and first-responder agencies, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers who operate private communications networks and video solutions typically managing a mobile workforce. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. Our framework for efficient capital deployment of cash flow from operations consists of approximately: 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We expect to continue a balanced approach in allocating capital through this framework.