Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment, which includes determining the groups of assets for which impairment tests are separately performed. Our R&D expenses vary primarily with the number of development wafers processed, the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development, and personnel costs. We continue to jointly develop NAND technologies with Intel through the third generation of 3D NAND, which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2019. Our operating income improved primarily due to improved pricing and higher sales volumes resulting from strong demand for our products combined with manufacturing cost reductions. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. Our cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. Our investments consist primarily of money market funds and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss from such contingencies. We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world, which involves significant judgment and interpretations of regulations. The determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities related to investments in foreign subsidiaries is not practicable. We review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. Our management believes the accounting policies are critical in portraying our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are unable to reliably estimate the timing of future certain payments related to uncertain tax positions and deferred tax liabilities; therefore, the amount has been excluded from the preceding table. Our overall gross margin percentage increased primarily due to favorable market conditions across key markets combined with strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies.