Under the strategic direction that we have been implementing over the past two years, we have focused on maximizing the resources, people, and capital allocated to our largest growth opportunities, particularly in our market technology and information services businesses. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance, and many other functions. We have been able to create strategic relationships across broker-dealers, investment professionals, corporate clients, and other global market centers, which then provides the potential to expand those relationships with our technology and analytics capabilities. Our investments include our organic initiatives, notably the Nasdaq Financial Framework and related initiatives to deliver our marketplace expertise to banks, brokers, and market operators outside the financial industry, as well as to provide compliance capabilities to the buy-side. The focus for both our non-trading and trading businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. Factors affecting our business performance include changes in technology and the demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. The challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, including competition and the quickly evolving nature of the market data business, are also significant. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by domestic and international economic trends, including technological advances and the acceptance of cloud-based services and advanced analytics by our customers and global regulators. The expansion of the number of industries seeking to use advanced market technology indicates a growing market for our offerings. Our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, as well as offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value. The demand for information about, or access to, our markets is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our market data and trade management services. The increase in demand for applications using emerging technologies and sophisticated analytics by both new entrants and industry incumbents reflects the evolving landscape of market technology. Our technology capabilities are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as we leverage IT resources to support and enhance our business strategies and work processes. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in meeting changing business needs and directions. As we continue to invest in our technology infrastructure, we aim to enhance operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, ensuring that we remain responsive to market dynamics and competitive actions.