We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, such as ongoing guild payments. We are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, particularly those dealing with e-commerce and internet video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. We are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite, and telecommunications operators to make our service available through the television set-top boxes of these service providers. We intend to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream TV series and movies to other platforms and partners over time. Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration, and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party web hosting provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by AWS. Given this, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. We have built and deployed our own content-delivery network ("CDN"). To the extent internet service providers do not interconnect with our CDN, or if we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks, both from state-sponsored and individual activity. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation.