The development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers and natural gas processors to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. Our natural gas liquids segment invests in ngl-related projects to transport, fractionate, store and deliver to the market ngl supply from shale and other resource development areas across our asset base and alleviate expected infrastructure constraints between the mid-continent and gulf coast market centers and to meet increasing petrochemical industry and ngl export demand in the gulf coast. We are expanding our natural gas pipeline infrastructure in Oklahoma and the Permian Basin, which includes an eastbound expansion of our oneok gas transportation system by 150 mmcf/d from the stack and scoop areas to an interstate pipeline delivery point in eastern Oklahoma. Our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the Williston and Powder River Basins with end-use markets. Our announced large capital-growth projects are designed to serve the expected growth and needs of natural gas processors and producers and the petrochemical industry. We expect these growth projects to provide long-term fee-based earnings and incremental cash flows. The earnings benefit on physical-forward sales of inventory is anticipated in the first quarter of 2019. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity. We expect our cash outflows related to capital expenditures and dividends paid to increase due to our announced capital-growth projects and higher anticipated dividends per share. We manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, interest-rate swaps and treasury lock contracts. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our natural gas and ngl inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand and the operation of our assets. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. We do not expect the impact of revised rates to be material to us. We expect our sources of cash inflow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. The results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body could impact our operations. The risk factors listed in the reports we have filed and may file with the SEC are incorporated by reference.