In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key drivers of the automotive aftermarket industry and recent developments within our company. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age, and unemployment. Operating within the retail industry, we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors including fuel costs, unemployment rates, consumer preferences and spending habits, and competition. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by an increase in average ticket values for both DIY and professional service provider customers and positive transaction counts for professional service provider customers. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, and a broad selection of product offerings with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts. Our liquidity and related ratios indicate that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have established a task force to review the critical components of new accounting standards and implement changes to systems and controls necessary to support compliance. The adoption of new guidance will have a material impact on the total assets and liabilities reported on our consolidated balance sheet. We expect to make an adjustment to opening "retained deficit" on the consolidated balance sheet related to the adoption of this new guidance. We utilize various off-balance sheet financial instruments, including sale-leaseback and synthetic lease transactions, but we have not entered into any such transactions for over 10 years and do not plan to utilize off-balance sheet arrangements in the future to fund our working capital requirements. We maintain reserves for expenses associated with litigation, for which we are currently involved, and management must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation. Our historical experience has been that failure rates are relatively consistent over time and that the ultimate cost of warranty claims has been driven by the volume of units sold as opposed to fluctuations in failure rates or the variation of the cost of individual claims. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand.