We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions, when possible. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our payroll processing services, the foundation of our service model, include payroll processing, payroll tax administration services, employee payment services, and regulatory compliance services. Our SaaS solution through Paychex Flex Enterprise integrates payroll processing with HR management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking, and onboarding solutions. We expanded our commitment to delivering superior technology and service solutions to our Paychex clients, introducing new offerings such as Accountant HQ, InVisionTM Iris time clock, NetSpend's Tip NetworkTM, and onboarding essentials. Concentrated effort remains on the continued enhancements of Paychex Flex, our robust cloud-based HCM platform, which allows direct client access to payroll, HR, and benefits information in a streamlined and integrated approach to workplace management. Our financial results for fiscal 2018 reflect another year of steady growth, with HRS revenue continuing to experience strong growth driven by increases in client bases across all major HCM services, including comprehensive HR outsourcing services, retirement services, time and attendance, and insurance services. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Paychex Advance LLC, provides a portfolio of services to the temporary staffing industry, including the purchasing of accounts receivable as a means of providing payroll funding to these clients. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. Our strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our investment strategy continues to focus on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity, with a majority of our portfolio invested in high credit quality securities. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future.