The utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. The utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. The utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes (i.e., risk mitigation) and not for speculative purposes. The utility is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its electricity and natural gas procurement activities, including the procurement of natural gas and nuclear fuel necessary for electricity generation and natural gas procurement for core customers. The utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. The utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected. The utility recovers these costs in its gas transmission and storage rate cases through fixed reservation charges and volumetric charges from long-term contracts, resulting in price and volumetric risk. The utility's value-at-risk was approximately $11 million and $8 million at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The utility conducts business with counterparties mainly in the energy industry, including the CAISO market, other California investor-owned electric utilities, municipal utilities, energy trading companies, financial institutions, electricity generation companies, and oil and natural gas production companies located in the United States and Canada. The utility manages credit risk associated with its counterparties by assigning credit limits based on evaluations of their financial conditions, net worth, credit ratings, and other credit criteria as deemed appropriate. The utility's operations are subject to substantial regulation by the CPUC, the FERC, the NRC, and other federal and state regulatory agencies. The utility's financial results may continue to be impacted by the outcome of current and future enforcement, litigation, and regulatory matters, including the outcome of the Locate and Mark OII, phase two of the Safety Culture OII, and the outcome of phase two of the Ex Parte OII. The utility's ability to fund ongoing operations and other capital needs is expected to rely on the DIP credit agreement, cash on hand, cash flow from operations, and distributions received from subsidiaries. The utility's future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows depend upon confirming and successfully implementing, on a timely basis, a plan of reorganization. The utility's ability to recover costs incurred in connection with the wildfires in excess of the utility's currently authorized revenue requirements remains uncertain. The utility's future results depend upon the confirmation and successful implementation of a chapter 11 plan of reorganization. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by the timing and outcome of ratemaking proceedings, including the timing and outcome of the 2019 GT&S rate case, 2020 GRC, FERC TO18, TO19, and TO20 rate cases, and future cost of capital proceedings. The utility's ability to recover its costs through rates is subject to regulatory approval, and the timing and outcome of such proceedings cannot be predicted. The utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, and future cash flows will be materially impacted by the timing and outcome of the chapter 11 cases.