Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including a highly competitive operating environment and an evolving regulatory landscape. We intend to focus on continuing to implement our productivity initiatives to improve our operational efficiency and enhance our competitive advantage while continuing to transform our core capabilities with technology. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed above. Our 2019 productivity plan will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. Our risk management framework includes leveraging an integrated risk management framework, which involves oversight responsibility from our board of directors and a cross-functional, geographically diverse senior management group that meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade, and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our operations outside of the United States generated 43% of our consolidated net revenue in 2018, with exposure to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. We manage this risk through sourcing purchases from local suppliers, negotiating contracts in local currencies with foreign suppliers and through the use of derivatives. We centrally manage our debt and investment portfolios considering investment opportunities and risks, tax consequences and overall financing strategies. We use various interest rate derivative instruments to manage our overall interest expense and foreign exchange risk. Our investment objective includes ensuring that funds are available to meet the plans' benefit obligations when they become due. We utilize a comprehensive approach to assess the impact of guidance on revenue recognition on our contract portfolio by reviewing our current accounting policies and practices to identify potential differences that would result from applying the new requirements to our revenue contracts, including evaluation of our performance obligations. Our overall investment policy is to prudently invest plan assets in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and high-quality debt securities and real estate to achieve our long-term return expectations. Our investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and cash requirements for benefit payments. We also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of the long-term rates. We evaluate our expected return assumptions annually to ensure that they are reasonable. Our pension