The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available. The company intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth, and financial performance, maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, fostering a safety-first and entrepreneurial culture, engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity, delivering products, systems, and services that have demonstrable savings to customers and are priced by the value they deliver, acquiring strategic businesses, organizing around targeted regions, technologies, and markets, driving efficiency by implementing lean enterprise principles, and creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion and diversity, accountability, and teamwork. The diversified industrial segment operations experienced significant changes in net sales, with acquisitions contributing to incremental sales and reflecting higher demand from distributors and end users in various markets. The increase in operating margins in the diversified industrial international operations was primarily due to higher sales volume and lower operating expenses resulting from restructuring activities and the company's simplification initiative. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2018 will increase 2019 operating income. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment, including the continued integration of 2017 acquisitions. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's ability to manage costs related to insurance and employee retirement and healthcare benefits, compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations, and potential labor disruptions are critical to maintaining operational efficiency. The company also faces threats associated with and efforts to combat terrorism and cybersecurity risks, which are essential considerations in its strategic management practices. The company's capital allocation initiatives, including timing, price, and execution of share repurchases, are integral to its financial performance. The company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings, reflecting a shift in its financial strategy in response to regulatory changes. The company continually monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the most recent calculation of the fair value of a reporting unit as appropriate, indicating a proactive approach to managing its assets. The company's operational flexibility and ability to adapt to changing market conditions are vital for sustaining competitive advantage and ensuring long-term growth. The company is committed to enhancing its IT capability to support business strategies and work processes effectively, which is essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market.