We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. We face a variety of risks that may impact various aspects of our risk profile from time to time, including changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape and the impact of legislative, regulatory, and administrative initiatives. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, management of credit risk in our portfolio, execution of our strategic priorities, and our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment. Retail banking's core strategy is to acquire and retain customers who maintain their primary checking and transaction relationships with us. A strategic priority for us is to differentiate the customer experience and drive transformation and automation. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. Retail banking launched its national retail digital strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and an ultra-thin branch network in markets outside of our retail branch network. Corporate & institutional banking's strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through economic cycles. We aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. We continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. The asset management group seeks to deliver high-quality banking, trust, and investment management services to our high net worth, ultra-high net worth, and institutional client sectors through a broad array of products and services. The business also offers proprietary mutual funds and investment strategies. We utilize operational risk management programs within our framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. We have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor, and report market risk. Our operational risk management framework supports effective and consistent management of operational risk. We manage liquidity risk at the consolidated company level to ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal and stressful circumstances. Our largest source of liquidity on a consolidated basis is the customer deposit base generated by our banking businesses.