The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks; substation facilities; pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities; refinery, petrochemical and industrial facilities; and telecommunications and cable multi-system operator networks. Our integrated operations and common administrative support for our operating units require that certain allocations be made to determine segment profitability, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, such as facility costs, indirect operating expenses, and general and administrative costs. We operate primarily in the United States; however, we derived a significant portion of our revenues from foreign operations during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. Our services performed by the electric power infrastructure services segment generally include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure and substation facilities along with other engineering and technical services. This segment also provides emergency restoration services, including the repair of infrastructure damaged by inclement weather, and the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. We also provide comprehensive communications infrastructure services to wireline and wireless telecommunications companies, cable multi-system operators, and other customers within the communications industry. The pipeline and industrial infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive infrastructure solutions to customers involved in the development, transportation, storage, and processing of natural gas, oil, and other products. Services performed by this segment generally include the design, installation, repair, and maintenance of pipeline transmission and distribution systems, gathering systems, production systems, storage systems, and compressor and pump stations. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred service provider to our customers. Our customers are also seeking additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of customer capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where customer demand for labor resources will outpace the supply of industry resources. Our ability to take advantage of available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions; the expansion and development of our training facility, which provides classroom and on-the-job training programs; and the acquisition and development of our postsecondary educational institution, which specializes in pre-apprenticeship training, apprenticeship training, and specialized utility task training for electric workers. We continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions and investments to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, grow our portfolio of services, and increase opportunities across our operations. We believe that attractive growth opportunities exist primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of the industries in which we operate and adjacent industries, along with the inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital or liquidity constraints.