In fiscal 2018, we continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect our business to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that leverage our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter and/or expand into new industry segments and applications, such as products for automotive, IoT, networking, computing, and AI. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices and will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications that will create new business models and new services. Our QCT segment develops and supplies integrated circuits and system software based on CDMA, OFDMA, and other technologies for use in mobile devices, wireless networks, devices used in IoT, broadband gateway equipment, consumer electronic devices, and automotive telematics and infotainment systems. We expect the ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions will encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multi-mode to consumers. Our QTL segment results were negatively impacted by our continued dispute with Apple and its contract manufacturers, who are our licensees, which has required significant management time and attention and resulted in increased legal costs. We did not record any revenues in fiscal 2018 for royalties due on sales of Apple’s products, and as a result, QTL revenues and earnings before taxes were negatively impacted by these continued disputes. We are currently in dispute with Apple surrounding what we believe is an attempt by Apple to reduce the amount of royalties that its contract manufacturers are required to pay to us for the use of our intellectual property. We expect these companies will continue to take such actions in the future, resulting in increased legal costs and negatively impacting our future revenues. We have also experienced fluctuations in revenues due to the timing of conversions and expansions of 3G and 4G networks by wireless operators and the timing of launches of flagship wireless devices and consumer demand for wireless devices that incorporate our products and/or intellectual property. Our research and development expenditures were $5.6 billion in fiscal 2018, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications, and services for voice and data communications. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.