The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows: ship accounting, which considers the impact of anticipated technological changes and long-term market conditions. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. We account for business combinations in accordance with ASC 805, which requires that we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. Significant estimates and assumptions are made by management to value such assets and liabilities based on third-party valuations. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances dictate. Our impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model, which includes numerous uncertainties requiring significant judgment. The estimation of fair value utilizes projected operating results, weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal value. We perform a detailed analysis of various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. We utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics to evaluate our performance and financial condition, including adjusted earnings per share, available passenger cruise days, and gross cruise costs. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements. Our revenues are comprised of passenger ticket revenues and onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships. We have focused on deployment to capitalize on seasonal demand and have made strategic investments in areas that will boost revenue. Our business model allows us to maintain a working capital deficit while still meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for building additional ships and potential acquisitions. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders, and we have committed financing arrangements in place covering a significant portion of the cost of these ships. We have significant contractual obligations, including debt service obligations and capital expenditures associated with ship purchases. Our liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents and available credit facilities, which we anticipate will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, and the incurrence of additional debt to fund these obligations.