The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, including the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. We have entered into various agreements related to our activities to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize product candidates and utilize our technology platforms. We earn collaboration revenue in connection with collaboration agreements to utilize our technology platforms and develop and/or commercialize product candidates. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it requires an assumption regarding a future outcome, and changes in the estimate or the use of different assumptions could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, the status of competitive products, and the success of our research and development programs. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, Praluent, Kevzara, and Libtayo. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. We expect that expenses related to the filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of patents and other intellectual property will be substantial. Under certain collaboration agreements, the amount of funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive is capped at a specified amount; therefore, we may elect to independently fund certain research and development costs in excess of such capped amounts. There are numerous uncertainties associated with drug development, including uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development, uncertainties related to the enrollment and performance of clinical trials, changes in regulatory requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future.