We are a diversified technology company. We operate businesses that design and develop software (both license and software-as-a-service) and engineered products and solutions for a variety of niche end markets. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based strength across our software businesses. The increase in organic revenues was due primarily to growth in our software businesses. The resulting operating margin was 28.3% in the year ended December 31, 2018 as compared to 25.7% in the year ended December 31, 2017. The growth in organic revenues was due to broad-based growth in our imaging and medical products businesses. The growth in organic revenues was broad-based, due primarily to our fluid handling and water meter technology. The growth in organic revenues was due to broad-based growth in our businesses serving energy and industrial end markets. The increase was the result of organic growth of 9.4%, a net effect from acquisitions and divestitures of 2.9%, and foreign exchange benefit of 0.4%. The increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 was due primarily to our 2016 acquisitions. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The most significant identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives recognized from our acquisitions are customer relationships. The fair value for customer relationships is determined as of the acquisition date using the excess earnings method. Under this methodology, the fair value is determined based on the estimated future after-tax cash flows arising from the acquired customer relationships over their estimated lives after considering customer attrition and contributory asset charges. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. Although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management uses to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the businesses and/or reporting units. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2019 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. The company intends to distribute all historical unremitted earnings up to the amount of foreign cash and cash equivalents, as well as all future foreign earnings that can be repatriated without incremental U.S. federal tax cost.