In fiscal 2018, net interest income improved primarily due to an increase in interest income and higher capitalized interest on information systems projects. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash and cash flows from operations. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $600 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, initial investment in our next distribution center, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our purchase obligations primarily consist of merchandise inventory purchase orders, commitments related to construction projects, store fixtures and supplies, and information technology services, transportation, and maintenance contracts. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains, and we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. We refer to our fiscal years ended February 2, 2019, February 3, 2018, and January 28, 2017 as fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017, and fiscal 2016, respectively. We monitor market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains were driven mainly by continued focus on value by consumers. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in higher accounts payable leverage, which was 67%, 65%, and 68% as of February 2, 2019, February 3, 2018, and January 28, 2017, respectively. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns.