During 2018, we incurred restructuring charges of $26.4 million that primarily consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, the closure of offices with non-cancelable lease agreements, and the redesign of our back-office functions and software systems. The redesign of our back-office functions and software systems continued into 2018. We expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million as a result of these restructuring efforts. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts have been reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. We are engaged in 75 landfill gas-to-energy and renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 129 closed landfills. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2019. We expect 2019 revenue to increase by approximately 4.25 to 4.75%. The majority of these restricted pricing arrangements are tied to fluctuations in a specific index, primarily a consumer price index, as defined in the contract. The consumer price index varies from a single historical stated period of time or an average of trailing historical rates over a stated period of time. In addition, the initial effect of pricing resets typically lags 6 to 12 months from the end of the index measurement period to the date the revised pricing goes into effect. As a result, current changes in a specific index may not manifest themselves in our reported pricing for several quarters into the future. Our operational activities are supported by our information technology capabilities, which have evolved to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are committed to leveraging these capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and to support our strategic objectives.