The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. Schlumberger's financial performance in 2018 was driven largely by North America, where revenue increased due to the onestim business, which grew significantly. The company expects a more positive supply- and demand-balance sentiment to lead to a gradual recovery in the price of oil, as production cuts take full effect and as the U.S. and China work toward a solution to their ongoing trade dispute. Schlumberger is seeing clear signs that exploration and production investments are starting to normalize and reflect a more sustainable financial stewardship of the global resource base. This means that future investments will likely be much closer to levels that can be covered by free cash flow. In the international markets, national oil companies and independents are starting to see the need to invest in their resource base simply to maintain production at current levels. Schlumberger expects solid, single-digit growth in the international markets, while in North America, the increased cost of capital and focus on aligning investments closer to free cash flow has introduced more uncertainty to the outlook for both drilling and production activity. The company has experienced a decline in revenue due to lower activity and pricing for most production-related businesses in North America land, while international activity remained resilient despite the oil price drop. The seasonal slowdown in Russia was offset by increased revenue in the Middle East, Asia, and Africa. The company’s operational efficiency improvements and improved pricing have contributed to its performance gains. Schlumberger's investments in technology resources, including the deployment of additional hydraulic fracturing capacity and operational efficiency improvements, have been critical in enhancing its competitive advantage. The company’s focus on business process management and technology integration reflects its commitment to transforming its operational capabilities. The strategic resource allocation decisions made by Schlumberger, particularly in the context of market dynamics and competitive positioning, are essential for maintaining its organizational effectiveness and agility. The company has also emphasized the importance of information management capabilities, which include providing data and information with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security to support business strategies and work processes. Schlumberger's ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources, such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills, to further organizational goals. As Schlumberger navigates the complexities of the global oil market, its emphasis on technology functionalities and innovation partnerships will be vital for sustaining its market-based performance and responding effectively to external influences.