The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. Our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our business strategy is made up of a value-driven operating strategy focused around our core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our selective acquisition strategy is aimed at creating value through the application of our core value-driven operating strategies. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The application of our three core value-driven operating strategies and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume has resulted in a net increase in gross profit. The increase in selling and administrative expenses is primarily due to organic sales growth and recent acquisitions. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash from operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. We believe our cash from operations and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make opportunistic investments in our own stock, make strategic business combinations and/or pay dividends to our shareholders. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations, which are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility. The company expects its capital expenditures to be primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. The company has a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of allowances for uncollectible accounts, which are based on historical results modified by the most current information available. The determination of the amount of the allowance for uncollectible accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management.