The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for target. The increase in 2018 sales compared with 2017 is due to a 5.0 percent comparable sales increase and the contribution from new stores, partially offset by the extra week in 2017, which contributed 1.6 percent of 2017 sales. The increase in 2017 sales is due to a comparable sales increase of 1.3 percent, the extra week in 2017, and the contribution from new stores. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. This policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments. Operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $5,970 million in 2018 compared with $6,861 million in 2017. The 2018 operating cash flow decrease was primarily due to a larger increase in inventory in 2018 compared with 2017, partially offset by lower income tax payments in 2018 due to the tax act. The 2017 operating cash flow increase was due to increased payables leverage primarily driven by changes in vendor payment terms in 2017. We expect capital expenditures in 2019 at a level consistent with 2018 as we continue the current store remodel program, open additional small-format stores, and make other investments in our business. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. We have additional liquidity through a committed $2.5 billion revolving credit facility obtained through a group of banks. We believe that the amounts accrued for insurance/self-insurance are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. We maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters. The effective tax rate for the trailing twelve months ended February 2, 2019, and February 3, 2018, includes discrete tax benefits related to the tax act. We recognize the income tax effects of the tax act in our financial statements in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & finance committee of our board of directors. Our management believes that adjusted earnings per share is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations. We have paid dividends every quarter since our 1967 initial public offering, and it is our intent to continue to do so in the future.