The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, primarily through joint ventures. The company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations; accordingly, the portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders. The primary goals of the company's asset-liability management process are to satisfy the insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company employs a conservative investment philosophy, focusing on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company also invests in private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds, and real estate partnerships, which have historically provided a higher return than fixed maturities but are subject to more volatility. The company continually evaluates its investment alternatives and mix, with a significant majority of funds available for investment deployed in a widely diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt U.S. municipal, and taxable corporate bonds. The company's management believes that the insurance subsidiaries' future liquidity needs will be adequately met from funds generated from premiums, fees, income received on investments, and investment maturities. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company discusses how potentially changing climate conditions may present issues for its business and regularly reviews emerging issues to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products. The company's effective tax rate was lower than the respective statutory rate in 2018, primarily due to the impact of tax-exempt investment income on the calculation of the company's income tax provision. The company has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company expects retention levels will remain strong by historical standards during 2019, with domestic renewal premium changes expected to remain positive. The company also anticipates that the underlying combined ratio during 2019 in aggregate will be lower than in 2018, assuming loss activity returns to lower and more normal levels. The company's change in reserve estimate for various product lines reflects better than expected loss experience, and the company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes, ensuring that the establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables is an inherently uncertain process involving estimates. The company’s investment strategy is to purchase CMO tranches that are expected to offer the most favorable return given the company's assessment of associated risks, and the company does not purchase residual interests in CMOs. The company’s overall view of the current underlying asbestos environment is essentially unchanged from recent periods, and there remains a high degree of uncertainty with respect to future exposure to asbestos claims.