Visa is a global payments technology company that enables fast, secure, and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. Our business performance during fiscal 2018 reflects solid global consumer spending growth, supported by favorable U.S. economic conditions and tempered by volatility in some emerging markets. We recorded net operating revenues of $20.6 billion for fiscal 2018, an increase of 12% over the prior year, primarily reflecting continued growth in processed transactions, nominal payments volume, and nominal cross-border volume. The increase in operating revenues in fiscal 2018 reflects the continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. The growth in service revenues was slower than the growth in payments volume during fiscal 2017, reflecting the inclusion of Visa Europe revenue and the resulting impact on our service revenue yield. Data processing revenues increased in fiscal 2018 and 2017 due to overall growth in processed transactions of 12% and 34%, respectively. Fiscal 2018 growth also reflected select pricing modifications. The growth in data processing revenues was slower than the growth in processed transactions during fiscal 2017, reflecting the inclusion of data processing revenues earned by Visa Europe and the resulting impact on our data processing revenue yield. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2018 due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. We maintain global credit settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives, ensuring timely completion of payments settlement activities and planned capital investments in our business. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. Our financial results for fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 reflect the impact of certain significant items that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating performance in prior or future years, as they were either non-recurring or had no cash impact. The effective income tax rate was 20% in fiscal 2018 and 43% in fiscal 2017, with the effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 differing from fiscal 2017 primarily due to the effects of the tax act. The tax act transitions the U.S. tax system to a new territorial system and lowers the statutory federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. The reduction of the statutory federal corporate tax rate to 21% became effective on January 1, 2018. We provisionally remeasured our net deferred tax liabilities as of the enactment date of the tax act, resulting in a one-time, non-cash tax benefit of $1.1 billion recorded in fiscal 2018. We are required to pay U.S. tax on most of the undistributed and untaxed foreign earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries accumulated as of December 31, 2017. The transition tax will be paid over a period of eight years as permitted by the tax act.