The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry, yet customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, leading to more complex waste streams. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. Our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, as increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions, and construction starts generally correlate to volumes of waste generated and our revenues. Negative economic conditions, in addition to competitor actions, can make it more challenging to negotiate, renew, or expand service contracts with acceptable margins, and customers may reduce their service needs. The company continued its commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth during 2018, allocating significant amounts of available cash to capital expenditures and acquisitions. We are promoting our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste in order to meet customer needs. Our solid waste operating revenues are primarily generated from fees charged for our collection, transfer, disposal, and recycling and resource recovery services, and from sales of commodities by our recycling and landfill gas-to-energy operations. The increase in collection and disposal yield reflects the effect on our revenue from the pricing activities of our collection, transfer, and landfill operations, exclusive of volume changes. Revenue growth from collection and disposal average yield includes not only base rate changes and environmental and service fee increases but also price changes related to the overall mix of services. We experienced growth in yield for all of our collection and disposal lines of business in both 2018 and 2017. The increase in labor and related benefits costs in 2018 was driven by volume growth in our collection line of business and a bonus plan established in early 2018 targeted at improving employee retention. The increase in professional fees in 2018 was primarily due to the investments we are making in technology to improve our operations and our customer service. Our focus on customer service and disciplined growth, combined with favorable market conditions in our traditional solid waste business, has led to significant volume growth with existing customers. We have experienced higher volumes throughout 2018 and 2017, particularly in our commercial collection business. Our solid waste business benefited from internal revenue growth offset, in part, by merit increases and increased maintenance and repair costs. The company believes that its investment-grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets, and modest leverage enable it to obtain adequate financing to meet its ongoing capital, operating, and other liquidity requirements. We continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity, and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. Our operating cash flows increased as a result of higher earnings from our traditional solid waste business and lower income tax payments driven by enactment of tax reform. The increase in capital expenditures is a result of new business opportunities, growth in our existing business, and investments in assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation.