We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs through our gas pipeline and midstream business. Our ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our reportable segments are comprised of our midstream gathering and processing businesses, which include significant natural gas gathering and processing and crude oil production handling and transportation assets. The expansion projects we are undertaking are designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven by continued expansion in the northeast region and Transco expansion projects. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2019 are expected to be in a range from $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion, which includes Transco expansions and the development of our gathering and processing infrastructure. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. Our fee-based businesses are a significant component of our portfolio and serve to reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We are evaluating the impact of regulatory changes on our interstate natural gas pipelines and currently expect any associated impacts would be prospective and determined through subsequent rate proceedings. Our business plan includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses, executing growth projects, and accomplishing cost discipline initiatives to ensure operations support our strategy. The potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include opposition to, and legal regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. The wpz merger has streamlined our corporate structure and governance while improving our credit ratings to investment-grade. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities.