We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. We made certain strategic portfolio decisions, including the acquisition of Flipkart, which is expected to enhance our technology capabilities and ecommerce operations. The retail industry we operate in is highly competitive, and we face strong sales competition from various retail formats and ecommerce businesses. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. Our business strategies are adjusted to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. We measure the results of comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales. Walmart's ecommerce sales positively contributed to comparable sales as we continue to focus on a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work, and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. Our investments in technology and process improvements are aimed at increasing operational efficiency and enhancing our IT capabilities. The increase in net sales was positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales for Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, along with positive comparable sales in the majority of our international markets and net sales from Flipkart. Additionally, we allocate capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels, aligning with our initiatives of improving our customer proposition and seamless omni-channel experience. Our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased due to strong sales performance and productivity improvements, although partially offset by additional investments in ecommerce and technology. We believe our returns on capital will improve over time as we execute our financial framework. Our total capital expenditures reflect a strategic allocation towards technology and ecommerce capabilities, with a focus on enhancing our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The ongoing operations of Flipkart are expected to continue impacting our financial results, emphasizing the importance of our IT capabilities in supporting business strategies and enhancing competitive advantage.