Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our portfolio of vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostics will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We have a global presence in both developed and emerging markets and we intend to grow our business by pursuing core strategies, including bringing innovative new products and services to market, maintaining a diversified, market-leading portfolio, maximizing opportunities in fast-growing international markets, and developing more data analytics and digital solutions. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. Our operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, and we believe that understanding operational growth is important for assessing our performance. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which we believe often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. The animal health industry is competitive, and we face competition in the regions in which we operate. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. We believe our investments in technology and innovation will enhance our capabilities across the continuum of care, providing greater value to our customers through the integration of our portfolio that spans from disease prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. Our comprehensive operational efficiency program and supply network strategy initiative have focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios, changing our selling approach in certain markets, and planning to sell or exit manufacturing sites over a long-term period. We recognize that our ability to effectively manage our technology resources and investments is critical to achieving our organizational goals and maintaining our competitive advantage in the market. Our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are essential in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands, ensuring that we can continue to meet the evolving needs of our customers while enhancing our overall firm performance.