the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources.we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and net fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds transfer pricing process, which is primarily based on a matched maturity method that takes into consideration of market interest rates. our funds transfer pricing process provides a funds credit for sources of funds, such as deposits generated by our consumer banking and commercial banking businesses, and a funds charge for the use of funds by each segment. the allocation process is unique to each business segment and acquired businesses. we regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods.
during december 2016, subsequent to the annual goodwill impairment test described above, as a result of the evolution of the business and certain leadership changes in the overall credit card business, management re-evaluated the organizational structure of this business. we concluded the domestic and international card components of the credit card operating segment should be aggregated into a single reporting unit because they share similar economic characteristics, products, types of customers, operations, assets and other resources, and goodwill is recoverable from the businesses working in concert. the business has evolved since the international card reporting unit was created, in particular our canadian business now comprises the majority of the reporting unit's assets, such that there are now more shared characteristics and resources with our domestic operations, such as common technology platforms. as a result of this change, as of december 31, 2016, capital one had four reporting units: credit card, auto, other consumer banking and commercial banking for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment. as this change only
•   credit risk: credit risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed;
•   auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans. customers are acquired through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 75 months or less and can go up to 84 months. loan size limits are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. similar to credit card accounts, the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated debt-to-income ratio, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we generally retain all of our auto loans, though we have securitized and sold auto loans in the past and may do so in the future.