item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this document, including the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, contains forward-looking statements that are not purely historical regarding dexcom's or its management's intentions, beliefs, expectations and strategies for the future. these forward-looking statements fall within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or our future financial performance. in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, deal with future events, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward looking statements. the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially are more fully described under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this report and in our other reports filed with the sec. we assume no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. you should read the following discussion and analysis together with "selected financial data" in part ii, item 6 and our financial statements and related notes in part ii, item 8.
overview we are a medical device company primarily focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring ("cgm") systems for use by people with diabetes and by healthcare providers for the treatment of people with diabetes. unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "dexcom" refer to dexcom, inc. and its subsidiaries.
from inception to 2006, we devoted substantially all of our resources to start-up activities, raising capital and research and development, including product design, testing, manufacturing and clinical trials. since 2006, we have devoted considerable resources to the commercialization of our continuous glucose monitoring systems, including the g4 platinum and g5 mobile, as well as the continued research and clinical development of our technology platform.
from inception through december 31, 2016, we have generated $1.7 billion of product and development grant and other (non-product) revenue, and we have incurred net losses in each year since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $621.0 million. we expect our losses to continue as we proceed with our commercialization and research and development activities. we have financed our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
financial operations revenue we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and portions of europe, and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, latin america, the middle east and africa. we have contracts with certain distributors who stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. we expect that revenues we generate from the sales of our products will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. we typically experience seasonality with lower sales in the first quarter of each year, compared to the previous fourth quarter, related to annual insurance deductible resets and unfunded flexible spending accounts.
cost of sales cost of sales includes direct labor and materials costs related to each product sold or produced, including assembly, test labor and scrap, as well as factory overhead supporting our manufacturing operations. factory overhead includes facilities, material procurement and control, manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, supervision and management. these costs are primarily salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, facility expense, supplies and purchased services. all of our manufacturing costs are included in cost of sales.
research and development our research and development expenses primarily consist of engineering and research expenses related to our continuous glucose monitoring technology, clinical trials, regulatory expenses, quality assurance programs, materials and products for clinical trials. research and development expenses are primarily related to employee compensation, including salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, and temporary employee expenses. we also incur significant expenses to operate our clinical trials including clinical site reimbursement, clinical trial product and associated travel expenses. our research and development expenses also include fees for design services, contractors and development materials.
selling, general and administrative our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salary, fringe benefits and share-based compensation for our executive, financial, sales, marketing, information technology and administrative functions. other significant expenses include commissions, marketing and advertising, it software license costs, insurance, professional fees for our outside legal counsel and independent auditors, litigation expenses, patent application expenses and consulting expenses.
results of operations fiscal year ended december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit total revenues increased $171.3 million to $573.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $402.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 based primarily on increased sales volume of our disposable sensors due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum and g5 mobile systems, and durable systems to both new and existing customers. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. total revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 also included development grant and other revenues of $1.3 million attributable to a $1.0 million milestone payments related to our development agreement with tandem and services associated with clinical supply and services agreements.
revenue from products shipped to our drop-ship distributors' customers was $22.3 million, or 4%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $39.0 million, or 10%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. revenue from products shipped to stocking distributors was $389.5 million, or 68%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $244.0 million, or 61%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
cost of sales increased $71.3 million to $194.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $123.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to increased sales volume, partially due to increased warranty costs related to receivers, and $3.5 million in receiver related excess and obsolete receiver inventory primarily related to the february 23, 2016 customer notification regarding the audible alarms and alerts associated with our receivers which was classified as a voluntary class 1 recall by the fda. the gross profit of $378.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 increased $100.0 million compared to $278.4 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to increased revenue, partially offset by the product mix of sales of our lower margin g5 transmitters and costs related to the customer notification discussed above.
research and development. research and development expense increased $18.6 million to $156.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, compared to $137.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. research and development expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 included $36.5 million of noncash expense related to the issuance of 404,591 shares in august 2015 related to the verily collaboration agreement. excluding this one-time noncash charge, research and development expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 increased $55.2 million with the significant elements of the increase comprised of $21.1 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, $11.2 million in additional share-based compensation, $5.1 million in additional supplies, $2.9 million of additional facilities related costs, and $2.1 million in additional consulting expenses associated with future generations of products.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $88.2 million to $286.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, compared to $198.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling, marketing and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products in both the united states and europe. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $26.8 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $12.9 million in additional share-based compensation costs, $10.8 million of additional consulting costs, including costs to support our international expansion, $8.9 million in additional marketing
related costs, $4.3 million of additional software license costs, $3.8 million of additional facilities related costs and $1.5 million of additional commissions.
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit product revenues increased $143.6 million to $400.7 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $257.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 based primarily on increased sales volume of our disposable sensors due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum and g5 mobile systems, and sales of durable systems to both new and existing customers. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total product revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. there were no sales of the seven plus, during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. sales of the seven plus represented less than 1% of our revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
product cost of sales increased $41.3 million to $123.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $82.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to increased sales volume. the product gross profit of $277.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 increased $102.3 million compared to $174.8 million for the same period in 2014, primarily due to increased revenue. in conjunction with the fda approval and launch of the g4 platinum with share during the first quarter of 2015, the product gross profit for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 included $2.0 million in additional excess and obsolete inventory.
revenue from products shipped to our drop-ship distributors' customers was $39.0 million, or 10%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $31.8 million, or 12%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. revenue from products shipped to stocking distributors was $244.0 million, or 61%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $143.2 million, or 55%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
development grant and other revenues decreased $0.8 million to $1.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. we did not incur any development and other cost of sales during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. development and other cost of sales was $0.6 million during the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the decrease in development grant and other revenues during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to the completion of development activities with edwards. the decrease in costs associated with development was primarily due to fewer development obligations during the period with respect to our collaboration and development arrangements.
research and development. research and development expense increased $68.1 million to $137.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to $69.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to the upfront fee related to verily collaboration agreement costs, additional headcount and costs to support development of future products. significant elements of the increase in research and development costs included $36.5 million in non-cash expense associated with the issuance of 404,591 shares in august 2015 in connection with the verily collaboration agreement, $12.4 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, and $11.5 million in additional share-based compensation costs driven by the higher grant date fair value of awards as a result of our increased stock price.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $69.6 million to $198.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to $128.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling costs, marketing campaigns and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $17.6 million in additional share-based compensation costs driven by the higher grant date fair value of awards as a result of our increased stock price, $16.3 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $10.0 million in additional marketing costs, and $2.8 million in additional facilities costs.
liquidity and capital resources we have incurred losses since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $621.0 million and had working capital of $177.6 million. to date, we have funded our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products. in june 2016, we entered into a $200.0 million credit agreement, including a subfacility of up to $10.0 million for letters of credit with jpmorgan chase bank and four other lenders. the revolving loans under the credit agreement will be available for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures.
our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $123.7 million as of december 31, 2016. our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities portfolio is primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and consists of investment grade, highly liquid securities of various holdings including obligations of u.s. government sponsored enterprises, commercial paper, corporate debt, and money market funds. the change in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities during the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 was due to the factors described in the "cash flow summary" below.
cash flow summary the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in millions)
twelve months ended   change december 31,
net cash provided by operating activities       $56.2                 $49.0        $7.2
as of december 31, 2016, we had $94.5 million of cash and cash equivalents compared to $86.1 million as of december 31, 2015, an increase of $8.4 million. the cash flows during the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 were related primarily to the following items:
•   net cash provided by operations of $56.2 million comprised of net loss of $65.6 million, offset by $128.1 million for non-cash items primarily related to share-based compensation, changes in working capital balances of $6.3 million, depreciation and amortization;
•   proceeds from issuance of common stock of $10.4 million.
•   cash used of $0.5 million as a result of net purchases of marketable securities;
•   capital expenditures of $55.7 million primarily related to purchase of manufacturing equipment, facility related build-outs and office equipment;
•   repayments of debt of $2.3 million.
net cash provided by operating activities. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an additional $18.1 million cash inflow from changes in operating assets and liabilities, and $28.1 million of additional non-cash share-based compensation, partially offset by $36.5 million in lower non-cash charges related to the issuance of 404,591 shares in august 2015 related to the verily collaboration agreement, and a $8.0 million increase in net loss. the main drivers in the change in operating assets and liabilities included increases in inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued payroll and other liabilities, all as a result of our growth.
net cash used in investing activities. the change in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to $17.2 million net increase in cash as a result of marketable securities transactions, offset by the use of an additional $22.4 million to purchase equipment to support facility related build-outs, manufacturing equipment and information technology infrastructure.
net cash provided by financing activities. the decrease in cash provided by financing activities was due to $8.7 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
operating capital and capital expenditure requirements we anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses as we incur expenses and expand the commercialization of our approved products domestically and internationally, develop additional continuous glucose monitoring products, and expand our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure.
we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, projected cash contributions from our commercial operations and $200.0 million available under our credit agreement will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements with respect to the continued scale-up of our commercialization activities, research and development activities, including clinical trials, the expansion of our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure, and to meet our other anticipated cash needs through at least february 28, 2018. if our available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, or if we develop additional products or new markets for our existing products, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain an additional credit facility. the sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. we may require additional capital beyond our currently forecasted amounts. any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. additionally, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining additional cash contributions from future partnership arrangements. our ability to transition to, and maintain profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. if events or circumstances occur such that we do not meet our operating plan as expected, or if we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce planned increases in compensation related expenses or other operating expenses related to research, development, and commercialization activities, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.
because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of continuous glucose monitoring technologies, we are unable to estimate the exact amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:
•   the revenue generated by sales of our approved products and other future products;
•   the expenses we incur in manufacturing, developing, selling and marketing our products;
•   the quality levels of our products and services;
•   the third-party reimbursement of our products for our customers;
•   our ability to efficiently scale our manufacturing operations to meet demand for our current and any future products;
•   the costs, timing and risks of delays of additional regulatory approvals;
•   the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;
•   the rate of progress and cost of our clinical trials and other development activities;
•   the success of our research and development efforts;
•   the emergence of competing or complementary technological developments;
•   the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; and
•   the acquisition of businesses, products and technologies and our ability to integrate and manage any acquired businesses, products and technologies.
contractual obligations we are party to various purchase arrangements related to components used in manufacturing and research and development activities. as of december 31, 2016, we had firm purchase commitments with certain vendors totaling approximately $39.0 million due within one year. there are no material purchase commitments due beyond one year.
we are party to various leasing arrangements primarily for office, manufacturing and warehouse space that expire at various times through march 2028. we have entered into the following new significant leasing arrangements during the twelve months ended december 31, 2016:
•   on february 1, 2016, we entered into a sublease (the "sublease") with entropic communications, llc with respect to the building at 6350 sequence drive in san diego, california (the "6350 building"). under the sublease, we have leased approximately 132,600 square feet of space in the 6350 building. the lease term extends through january 2022. the total obligation for rent under the life of the lease is $14.5 million, excluding real estate taxes and operating costs.
•   on april 28, 2016, we entered into a certain industrial net lease (the "mesa lease") with pra/lb, l.l.c. with respect to facilities in the building at 232 south dobson road in mesa, arizona (the "mesa building"). under the
mesa lease, we have leased approximately 148,797 square feet of space in the mesa building, of which approximately 78,000 square feet was available to us on may 1, 2016 and the remaining portion of the mesa building will become available to us on or around january 1, 2018. the term of the mesa lease extends through march 2028 with four extension options, each with five year terms. the total obligation for rent under the lease term ending march 2028 is approximately $15.3 million, excluding real estate taxes and operating costs.
the following table summarizes our outstanding contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 in future periods (in millions):
operating leases                   $63.8                  $7.5            $20.7          $22.7        $12.9
other on may 2, 2016, we entered into that certain standard form of agreement (the "skanska contract") with skanska usa building inc. (the "contractor"), providing for construction and design services to build out our new manufacturing facility in the mesa building. the first phase of construction began in the second quarter of 2016 and is expected to be completed during 2018 at the earliest subject to fda approval. the total expenditures under the skanska contract are currently anticipated to be approximately $30 million. as of december 31, 2016 we have paid $15.2 million under the skanska contract.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
while our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results.
revenue recognition we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states and portions of europe, and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, latin america the middle east and africa. components are individually priced and can be purchased separately or together. we receive payment directly from customers who use our products, as well as from distributors, organizations and third-party payors. our durable system includes a reusable transmitter, a receiver, a power cord and a usb cable. disposable sensors for use with the durable system are sold separately in packages of four. we provide free of charge software and mobile applications for use with our durable systems and disposable sensors. the initial durable system price is generally not dependent upon the subsequent purchase of any amount of disposable sensors.
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue on product sales is generally recognized upon shipment, which is when title and the risk of loss have been transferred to the customer and there are no other post shipment obligations. with respect to customers who directly pay for products, the products are generally paid for at the time of shipment using a customer's credit card and do not include customer acceptance provisions. we recognize revenue from contracted insurance payors based on the contracted rate. for non-contracted insurance payors, we obtain prior authorization from the payor and recognize revenue based on the estimated collectible amount and historical experience. we also receive a prescription or statement of medical necessity and, for insurance reimbursement customers, an assignment of benefits prior to shipment.
we have entered into distribution agreements with byram, edgepark and other distributors that allow the distributors to sell our durable systems and disposable units. we have contracts with certain distributors who stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the stocking distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. revenue is recognized based on contracted prices. terms of distributor orders are generally fob (or free carrier ("fca") shipping point for international orders). distributors do not have rights of return per their distribution agreement outside of our standard warranty. the distributors typically have a limited time frame to notify us of any missing, damaged, defective or non-conforming products. for any such products, we shall either, at our option, replace the portion of defective or non-conforming product at no additional cost to the distributor or cancel the order and refund any portion of the price paid to us at that time for the sale in question. shipping charges billed to customers are included in revenue while related costs are included as cost of sales.
share-based compensation share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized, for awards that are ultimately expected to vest, primarily on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grants, which typically equals the vesting period. the fair value of our rsus is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. we are also required to estimate at grant the likelihood that the award will ultimately vest (the "pre-vesting forfeiture rate"), and to revise the estimate, if necessary, in future periods if the actual forfeiture rate differs. we determine the pre-vesting forfeiture rate of an award based on our historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience, giving consideration to company-specific events impacting historical pre-vesting award forfeiture experience that are unlikely to occur in the future as well as anticipated future events that may impact forfeiture rates. we use our historical data to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures and record stock-based compensation expense only for those awards that are expected to vest.
inventory inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market value on a part-by-part basis that approximates first in, first out. we make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required, for estimated excess, obsolete and potential scrapped inventories. factors influencing these adjustments include inventories on hand and on order compared to estimated future usage and sales for existing and new products, as well as judgments regarding quality control testing data, and assumptions about the likelihood of scrap and obsolescence. once written down the adjustments are considered permanent and are not reversed until the related inventory is sold or disposed.
during 2015, we recorded charges of approximately $2.0 million in cost of goods sold related to excess and obsolete inventory due to the approval and launch of our dexcom g4 platinum with share system. during 2016, we recorded charges of $3.5 million in cost of goods sold related to excess and obsolete receiver inventory primarily related to the february 23, 2016 customer notification regarding the audible alarms and alerts associated with our receivers which was classified as a voluntary class 1 recall by the fda.
our products require customized products and components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. we purchase certain components and materials from single sources due to quality considerations, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements.
estimated warranty costs associated with a product are recorded at the time of shipment. we estimate future warranty costs by analyzing historical warranty experience for the timing and amount of returned product, and expectations for future warranty activity based on changes and improvements to the product or process that are, or will be in place in the future. these estimates are evaluated on at least a quarterly basis to determine the continued appropriateness of such assumptions.
recent accounting guidance in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers, to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the guidance is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. the guidance defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and it is possible when the five step process is applied, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing u.s. gaap including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. the updated standard permits the use of either the retrospective or modified retrospective transition method and is effective for us in our first quarter of fiscal 2018. the company anticipates adopting this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method. the company has outlined all revenue generating activities, and is now assessing what impact the change in standard will have on those activities. the company will continue to evaluate the future impact and method of adoption of asu 2014 -09 and related amendments on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures throughout 2017.
in july 2015, the fasb issued guidance to change the subsequent measurement of inventory from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. the guidance requires that inventory accounted for under the first-in, first-out (fifo) or average cost methods be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value represents the estimated selling price of inventory in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. the guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. we are currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842) ("asu 2016-02"), which require a lessee to recognize a lease payment liability and a corresponding right of use asset on their balance sheet for all lease terms longer than 12 months, lessor accounting remains largely unchanged. asu 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after december 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718) ("asu 2016-09"), which is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based payment arrangements. the amendments in this update cover such areas as the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies, the classification of those excess benefits on the statement of cash flows, an accounting policy election for forfeitures, the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes and still qualify for equity classification and the classification of those taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. asu 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. we will prospectively adopt this standard beginning in the first quarter of 2017. we have excess tax benefits for which a benefit could not be previously recognized of approximately $161.0 million. upon adoption the balance of the unrecognized excess tax benefits will be reversed with the impact recorded to (accumulated deficit) retained earnings, including any change to the valuation allowance as a result of the adoption. due to the full valuation allowance on the u.s. deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2016, we do not expect any impact to the financial statements as a result of this adoption in the first quarter of 2017.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, accounting for income taxes - intra-entity asset transfer other than inventory (topic 740) ("asu 2016-16), which would require the recognition of the tax expense from the sale of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. the new guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted. the amendment should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning period of adoption. we are considering the impact the adoption of asu 2016-16 may have on our consolidated financial statements.