item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, provides additional information on our businesses, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. it is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition and potential future trends.
•   strategy. this section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of acquisitions and divestitures.
•   results of operations. this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
•   financial liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and our outstanding debt and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
•   critical accounting estimates. this section identifies those accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements.
overview we are an international beverage alcohol company with a broad portfolio of consumer-preferred high-end imported and craft beer brands, and premium wine and spirits brands. we are the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the u.s. market and the world's leading premium wine company. we are the largest multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the u.s., and a leading supplier of wine from new zealand and italy to north america.
our internal management financial reporting consists of two business divisions:  (i)  beer and (ii)  wine and spirits, and we report our operating results in three segments:  (i)  beer, (ii)  wine and spirits, and (iii)  corporate operations and other. in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported and craft beer brands. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market and sell in the u.s. our mexican beer portfolio. in the wine and spirits segment, we sell a large number of wine brands across all categories - table wine, sparkling wine and dessert wine - and across all price points - popular, premium and luxury categories, primarily within the $5 to $25 price range at u.s. retail - complemented by certain premium spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development,
corporate finance, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, legal, public relations and information technology. the amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are therefore not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our chief operating decision maker's evaluation of the operating income performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
strategy our overall strategy is to sustain profitable growth and build shareholder value. we position our portfolio to benefit from industry premiumization trends, which we believe will continue to result in faster growth rates in the high-end of the beer, wine and spirits categories. we focus on developing our expertise in consumer insights and category management as well as our strong distributor network, which provides an effective route-to-market. additionally, we leverage our scale across the total beverage alcohol market and our level of diversification hedges our portfolio risk. in addition to growing our existing business, we seek targeted acquisitions of businesses that are premium, growing, high-margin, consumer-led, have a low integration risk and/or fill a gap in our portfolio.
we strive to strengthen our portfolio of premium beer, wine and spirits brands and differentiate ourselves through:
•   leveraging our leading position in total beverage alcohol and our scale with wholesalers and retailers to expand distribution of our product portfolio and cross promotional opportunities;
•   strengthening relationships with wholesalers and retailers by providing consumer and beverage alcohol insights;
•   positioning ourselves for success with consumer-led innovation capabilities;
•   realizing operating efficiencies through expanding and enhancing production capabilities and maximizing asset utilization; and
•   developing employees to enhance performance in the marketplace.
our business strategy in the beer segment focuses on leading the high-end of the u.s. beer market and includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, as well as new product development and innovation within the existing portfolio of brands, and continued construction, expansion and optimization activities for our mexico beer operations.
in connection with this strategy, we have expanded our nava brewery from 10 million to 25 million hectoliters production capacity since the acquisition of the nava brewery. expansion, construction and optimization efforts continue under our mexico beer expansion projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations. see "capital expenditures" below for additional discussion.
our business strategy in the wine and spirits segment is to be the leader in the premium wine category and build a portfolio of premium spirits brands. we are investing to meet the evolving needs of consumers and building brands through consumer insights, sensory expertise, innovation and refreshing existing brands. in this segment, we continue to focus on the premiumization of our branded wine and spirits portfolio. we dedicate a large share of our sales and marketing resources to our u.s. focus brands as they represent a majority of our u.s. wine and spirits revenue and profitability, and generally have strong positions in their respective price categories. in markets where it is feasible, we have a consolidated u.s. distribution network in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this consolidated u.s. distribution network currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s. throughout the terms of these contracts, we generally expect shipments on an annual basis to these distributors to essentially equal the distributors' shipments to retailers.
marketing, sales and distribution of our products are managed on a geographic basis in order to fully leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, branded wine and spirits categories, with separate distribution networks utilized for (i)  our beer portfolio and (ii)  our wine and spirits portfolio. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of growing sales, expanding margins and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth, reduce borrowings and pay quarterly cash dividends.
acquisitions and divestitures beer segment obregon brewery in december 2016, we acquired the obregon brewery for cash paid of $568.7 million, net of cash acquired, subject to estimated working capital adjustments due to seller of $3.1 million. the transaction primarily included the acquisition of operations; goodwill; property, plant and equipment; and inventories. this acquisition provided us with immediate functioning brewery capacity to support our fast-growing, high-end mexican beer portfolio and flexibility for future innovation initiatives. it also enabled us to become fully independent from an interim supply agreement with modelo, which was terminated at the time of this acquisition. the results of operations of the obregon brewery are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
ballast point acquisition in december 2015, we acquired ballast point for $998.5 million, net of cash acquired. the transaction primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill, trademarks and property, plant and equipment. this acquisition provided us with a high-growth premium platform that enables us to compete in the growing, emerging national craft beer category and further strengthened our position in the high-end u.s. beer market. the results of operations of ballast point are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
wine and spirits segment canadian divestiture in december 2016, we sold our canadian wine business, which included canadian wine brands such as jackson-triggs and inniskillin, wineries, vineyards, offices, facilities and wine rack retail stores, at a transaction value of c$1.03 billion, or $775.2 million. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of our canadian wine business through the date of divestiture. we received cash proceeds of $575.3 million, net of outstanding debt and direct costs to sell, subject to working capital adjustments. we will continue to export certain of our brands into the canadian market, which remains our largest export market. this transaction is consistent with our strategic focus on premium, high-margin and high-growth brands. we recognized a net gain on the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 of $262.4 million. additionally, our current estimate of the income taxes we expect to pay is approximately $77 million in total during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 in connection with the canadian divestiture.
the following table presents selected financial information included in our historical consolidated financial statements that will no longer be part of our consolidated results after the canadian divestiture.
gross profit                             $131.2            $152.9
operating income                          $49.8             $62.5
cash flow from operating activities       $47.2             $80.0
additionally, the impact on our historical wine and spirits segment results are the same as the impact on the historical consolidated results for net sales, gross profit, and depreciation and amortization. however, as segment results do not include the impact of comparable adjustments, amounts reported for our historical wine and spirits segment operating income that will no longer be part of the segment's results after the canadian divestiture are $50.1 million and $63.3 million for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively.
high west acquisition in october 2016, we acquired high west, which primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill, trademarks, inventories and property, plant and equipment. this acquisition included a portfolio of distinctive, award-winning, fast-growing and high-end craft whiskeys and other select spirits. the results of operations of high west are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
charles smith acquisition in october 2016, we acquired charles smith, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, inventories and certain grape supply contracts. this acquisition included a collection of five super and ultra-premium wine brands and solidified our position as the second leading supplier of washington state wines with this collection of fast-growing, high quality wines that have strong consumer affinity and demand. the results of operations of charles smith are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
prisoner acquisition in april 2016, we acquired prisoner, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, inventories, trademarks and certain grape supply contracts. this acquisition, which included a portfolio of five fast-growing, higher-margin, super-luxury wine brands, aligned with our portfolio premiumization strategy and strengthened our position in the super-luxury wine category. the results of operations of prisoner are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
meiomi acquisition in august 2015, we acquired meiomi, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, inventories, the trademark and certain grape supply contracts. the acquisition of this higher-margin, luxury growth brand has complemented our existing portfolio and further strengthened our position in the u.s. pinot noir category. the results of operations of meiomi are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
for additional information on these acquisitions, refer to note 2 of the notes to the financial statements.
results of operations financial highlights references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of acquired brand activity in connection with the acquisitions of meiomi, prisoner, high west and charles smith (wine and spirits), and the acquisition of ballast point (beer), and divested brand activity in connection with the canadian divestiture, as appropriate.
financial highlights for fiscal 2017:
•   our results of operations benefited from improvements in both the beer and wine and spirits segments.
•   operating income increased 36% primarily due to a gain on sale of business recognized in connection with the canadian divestiture, the strong consumer demand and the benefits from the acquired brands.
•   net income attributable to cbi and diluted net income per common share attributable to cbi increased 46% and 45%, respectively, primarily due to the items discussed above and an income tax benefit driven largely by a change in our assertion regarding the indefinite reinvestment of certain foreign earnings in the third quarter of fiscal 2017.
comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and segment management compensation are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss). as such, the performance measures for incentive compensation purposes for segment management do not include the impact of these comparable adjustments.
as more fully described herein and in the related notes to the financial statements, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts           $23.4             $29.5              $4.4
flow through of inventory step-up                                    (20.1     )       (18.4     )           -
amortization of favorable interim supply agreement                    (2.2     )       (31.7     )       (28.4     )
total cost of product sold                                            17.4             (68.7     )       (59.5     )
selling, general and administrative expenses impairment of intangible assets                                             (37.6     )       -                     -
gain on sale of business                                                    262.4             -                     -
loss on write-off of debt issuance costs                                        -             (1.1        )         (4.4        )
comparable adjustments                                                     $202.4             $(77.1      )         $(87.2      )
cost of product sold undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
inventory step-up in connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition. flow through of inventory step-up was primarily associated with the prisoner acquisition (fiscal 2017) and meiomi acquisition (fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016).
favorable interim supply agreement in connection with the beer business acquisition, a temporary supply agreement was negotiated under a favorable pricing arrangement for the required volume of beer needed to fulfill expected u.s. demand in excess of the nava brewery's capacity. amortization of favorable interim supply agreement reflects amounts associated with non-nava brewery product purchased from the date of acquisition which has been sold to our u.s. customers during the respective period.
selling, general and administrative expenses impairment of intangible assets in connection with our continued focus on the premiumization of our branded wine and spirits portfolio, a decision was made to discontinue certain small-scale, low-margin u.s. brands within our wine and spirits' portfolio. as a result, trademarks with a carrying value of $37.6 million were written down to their estimated fair value, resulting in an impairment of $37.6 million. in addition, see "costs associated with the canadian
divestiture and related activities" below for information about an additional impairment of intangible assets recognized in connection with the canadian divestiture.
costs associated with the canadian divestiture and related activities costs associated with the canadian divestiture and related activities represent costs incurred in connection with the evaluation of the merits of executing an initial public offering for a portion of our canadian wine business and net other costs incurred in connection with the sale of the canadian wine business.
in addition, in connection with the canadian divestiture, trademarks with a carrying value of $8.4 million were written down to their estimated fair value, resulting in an impairment of $8.4 million. these trademarks were associated with certain u.s. brands within our wine and spirits' portfolio sold exclusively through the canadian wine business, for which we expect future sales of these brands to be minimal subsequent to the canadian divestiture.
transaction, integration and other acquisition-related costs transaction, integration and other acquisition-related costs consist of costs associated with our acquisitions.
restructuring and related charges restructuring and related charges consist primarily of employee termination benefit costs recognized in connection with our plan initiated in may 2015 to streamline and simplify processes, and shift resources and investment to long-term, profitable growth opportunities across the business.
other gains (losses) consist primarily of a gain from an adjustment to a certain guarantee originally recorded in connection with a prior divestiture (fiscal 2015) and a net gain on the sale of and the write-down of certain property, plant and equipment (fiscal 2015).
gain on sale of business gain on sale of business consists of the net gain recognized in connection with the canadian divestiture.
earnings (losses) from unconsolidated investments earnings (losses) from unconsolidated investments consist primarily of dividend income from a retained interest in a previously divested business (fiscal 2016).
net sales increased $783.1 million due to increases in beer's net sales of $606.7 million driven predominately by volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, and wine and spirits' net sales of $176.4 million due largely to net sales from acquired brands and organic volume growth, partially offset by a decrease in net sales due to the canadian divestiture.
(1)   previously reported beer shipment and depletion volumes were restated in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 for an immaterial error associated with the conversion of 7-ounce coronita case equivalents to 12-ounce case equivalents.
(2)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
the increase in beer's net sales is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio of $404.4 million, which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased marketing spend; (ii)  net sales from the acquired ballast point brand of $124.9 million and (iii)  a favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $92.2 million.
the increase in wine and spirits' net sales is primarily due to net sales from acquired brands, primarily the meiomi and prisoner brands, of $124.0 million and organic branded wine and spirits volume growth of $95.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in net sales due to the canadian divestiture of $62.6 million.
gross profit fiscal 2017         fiscal 2016          % increase
comparable adjustments             17.4               (68.7     )          nm consolidated gross profit      $3,529.4            $2,942.3                20       %
nm = not meaningful gross profit increased $587.1 million primarily due to increases in beer of $375.3 million and wine and spirits of $125.7 million. in addition, the change in comparable adjustments resulted in an increase in gross profit of $86.1 million.
the increase in beer is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth and the favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $192.9 million and $92.2 million, respectively; (ii)  gross profit from the acquired ballast point brand of $53.4 million and (iii)  lower cost of product sold for our mexican beer business of $41.7 million. the lower cost of product sold is primarily due to foreign currency transactional benefits within our mexican beer portfolio of $54.6 million and brewery sourcing benefits of $35.3 million, partially offset by higher depreciation expense of $46.9 million.
the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to gross profit from the acquired brands of $69.4 million and growth from the organic wine and spirits business driven primarily by branded wine and spirits volume growth and favorable product mix shift of $48.8 million and $33.1 million, respectively; partially offset by a decrease in gross profit due to the canadian divestiture of $27.2 million.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 48.1% for fiscal 2017 compared with 44.9% for fiscal 2016 primarily due to (i)  a favorable impact from the change in comparable adjustments of approximately 120
basis points, (ii)  lower cost of product sold across both segments which contributed approximately 75 basis points, (iii)  the favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets of approximately 65 basis points and (iv)  the favorable impact from the acquired higher-margin wine and spirits brands and divestiture of the lower-margin canadian wine business of approximately 25 basis points.
comparable adjustments                                             75.7                    31.8               138       %
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $215.2 million due to increases in beer of $105.0 million, wine and spirits of $51.9 million, comparable adjustments of $43.9 million and corporate operations and other of $14.4 million.
the increase in beer is due to increases in marketing spend of $58.8 million and general and administrative expenses of $46.2 million. the increase in marketing spend is due largely to planned investment to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by higher compensation and benefits supporting the organic growth of the business of $22.2 million and general and administrative expenses associated with the acquired ballast point business of $19.7 million.
the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to an increase in marketing spend of $25.7 million and general and administrative expenses of $25.0 million. the increase in marketing spend is due largely to planned investment to support the growth of our branded wine and spirits portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by (i)  higher compensation and benefits of $24.5 million and higher consulting expenses supporting the growth of the business and (ii)  an unfavorable overlap of prior year foreign currency transaction gains with current year foreign currency transaction losses, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses due to the canadian divestiture of $16.4 million.
the increase in corporate operations and other is due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to (i)  higher consulting and information technology expenses, (ii)  higher travel and entertainment expenses and (iii)  an unfavorable overlap of prior year foreign currency transaction gains with current year foreign currency transaction losses. the increases in consulting, information technology and travel and entertainment expenses are all largely attributable to supporting the growth of the business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 19.0% for fiscal 2017 as compared with 18.0% for fiscal 2016. the increase is primarily attributable to the growth in comparable adjustments and corporate operations and other selling, general and administrative expenses, which resulted in approximately 70 basis points of rate growth. additionally, the growth in wine and spirits selling, general and administrative expenses having exceeded the growth in wine and spirits net sales resulted in approximately 25 basis points to the rate growth.
operating income fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016          % increase
comparable adjustments                 204.1                  (100.5     )          nm consolidated operating income       $2,399.4                $1,765.1                36       %
operating income increased $634.3 million primarily due to a favorable impact from the change in comparable adjustments of $304.6 million and increases in beer and wine and spirits of $270.3 million and $73.8 million, respectively. the increase for beer is primarily attributable to growth in the mexican beer business of $238.9 million driven largely by the factors discussed above. the increase for wine and spirits is due to operating income from the acquired brands of $63.0 million and growth from the organic wine and spirits business driven primarily by the factors discussed above.
earnings from unconsolidated investments earnings from unconsolidated investments decreased to $27.3 million for fiscal 2017 from $51.1 million for fiscal 2016, a decrease of $23.8 million. this decrease is primarily attributable to an unfavorable impact from the change in comparable adjustments for fiscal 2017.
interest expense interest expense increased to $333.3 million for fiscal 2017 from $313.9 million for fiscal 2016, an increase of $19.4 million, or 6%. this increase is primarily due to higher average borrowings of $1.0 billion and lower average interest rates of 25 basis points, both driven largely by the $1.1 billion in new term loan facilities under our senior credit facility for fiscal 2017 and issuance of the december 2015 senior notes and december 2016 senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of the august 2006 senior notes.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was 26.5% and 29.3%, respectively. for fiscal 2017, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, including a change in our assertion regarding indefinitely reinvesting earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and the tax effects of the canadian divestiture. for fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in uncertain tax positions and lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses.
we have historically provided deferred income taxes for the repatriation to the u.s. of earnings from our foreign subsidiaries. during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, in connection with the agreement to divest the canadian wine business and the ongoing beer capacity expansion activities in mexico, including the agreement to acquire the obregon brewery, we changed our assertion regarding our ability and intent to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. approximately $420 million of our fiscal 2017 earnings and all future earnings for these foreign subsidiaries are expected to be indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, no deferred income taxes have been provided or will be provided, respectively, on the applicable undistributed earnings.
because we intend to use our historical unremitted earnings generated from our existing foreign subsidiaries to continue to support our u.s. investments in the future, our intent to repatriate those historical
foreign earnings remains unchanged and accordingly, we continue to provide for anticipated tax liabilities on these amounts that are expected to be repatriated.
for additional information, refer to note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
we expect our effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 21% to 23%. this includes the assertion of our intent for certain foreign earnings to be indefinitely reinvested and a favorable benefit from our march 1, 2017, adoption of the fasb's amended guidance requiring the recognition of the income tax effect of stock based compensation awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. through february 28, 2017, this amount was recognized in additional paid-in capital at the time of vesting or settlement.
for fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, we recognized excess tax benefits of $131.4 million, $203.4 million and $78.0 million, respectively, in additional paid-in capital. these amounts may not necessarily be indicative of future amounts that may be recognized subsequent to the adoption of this new standard, as any excess tax benefits recognized will be dependent upon future stock prices, employee exercise behavior and applicable tax rates. our current range for next year's effective tax rate includes an estimated 3% benefit related to the adoption of this guidance. since this new standard requires recognition of these excess tax benefits in the income statement on a discrete basis, we anticipate that our effective tax rate will vary from quarter to quarter depending upon the amount of excess tax benefits realized.
net income attributable to cbi as a result of the above factors, net income attributable to cbi increased to $1,535.1 million for fiscal 2017 from $1,054.9 million for fiscal 2016, an increase of $480.2 million, or 46%.
net sales increased $520.4 million due to increases in beer's net sales of $434.0 million (driven predominately by volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio) and wine and spirits' net sales of $86.4 million (due largely to net sales from the acquired meiomi brand).
(1)   previously reported beer shipment and depletion volumes were restated in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 for an immaterial error associated with the conversion of 7-ounce coronita case equivalents to 12-ounce case equivalents.
(2)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
the increase in beer's net sales is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased marketing spend; (ii)  a favorable impact from pricing in select markets and (iii)  net sales from the acquired ballast point brand of $27.2 million.
the increase in wine and spirits' net sales is primarily due to (i)  net sales from the acquired meiomi brand of $73.8 million, (ii)  organic branded wine and spirits volume growth (due partly to the overlap of a planned reduction in inventory levels by one of our exclusive distributors in the u.s. for fiscal 2015); and (iii)  favorable product mix shift (predominantly within the u.s. organic branded wine portfolio); partially offset by (i)  an unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact and (ii)  the unfavorable overlap of the recognition of a contractually required payment for fiscal 2015 from the distributor noted above equal to the approximate profit lost on the reduced sales associated with the inventory reduction.
gross profit fiscal 2016         fiscal 2015         % increase (decrease)
comparable adjustments            (68.7     )         (59.5     )              (15           %)
consolidated gross profit      $2,942.3            $2,578.6                     14            %
gross profit increased $363.7 million primarily due to increases in beer of $310.2 million and wine and spirits of $62.7 million. the increase in beer is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, (ii)  the favorable impact from pricing in select markets and (iii)  lower organic cost of product sold. the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to (i)  gross profit from the acquired meiomi brand, (ii)  lower organic cost of product sold and (iii)  higher organic branded wine volume; partially offset by the unfavorable year-over-year foreign currency translation impact.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 44.9% for fiscal 2016 compared with 42.8% for fiscal 2015 primarily due to (i)  lower beer and wine and spirits' cost of product sold, (ii)  the favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets and (iii)  the acquisitions of meiomi and ballast point.
comparable adjustments                                             31.8                    23.3                36       %
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $98.8 million primarily due to increases in beer of $63.9 million, corporate operations and other of $16.4 million and wine and spirits of $10.0 million.
the increases in beer and wine and spirits are both primarily attributable to an increase in marketing spend due largely to planned investment behind our mexican beer and branded wine and spirits portfolios. the increase in corporate operations and other is due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to (i)  an increase in compensation and benefits driven primarily by higher annual management incentive compensation expense and an increase in employer payroll taxes related to employee equity award exercise activity during fiscal 2016, and (ii)  higher consulting and information technology expenses supporting the growth of the business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales remained relatively flat at 18.0% for fiscal 2016 as compared to 17.9% for fiscal 2015.
operating income fiscal 2016             fiscal 2015          % increase
comparable adjustments                (100.5     )             (82.8     )         (21      %)
consolidated operating income       $1,765.1                $1,500.2                18       %
operating income increased $264.9 million primarily due to increases in beer and wine and spirits of $246.3 million and $52.7 million, respectively. the increases for both segments are primarily attributable to (i)  organic volume growth and lower cost of product sold and (ii)  benefits from the acquisitions of meiomi (wine and spirits) and ballast point (beer), partially offset by increased marketing spend supporting the growth of the businesses.
earnings from unconsolidated investments earnings from unconsolidated investments increased to $51.1 million for fiscal 2016 from $21.5 million for fiscal 2015, an increase of $29.6 million. this increase is primarily attributable to a favorable impact from the change in comparable adjustments for fiscal 2016.
interest expense interest expense decreased to $313.9 million for fiscal 2016 from $337.7 million for fiscal 2015, a decrease of $23.8 million, or (7%). this decrease was primarily due to lower average interest rates.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 was 29.3% and 29.1%, respectively. for fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to a decrease in uncertain tax positions and lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses. for fiscal 2015, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses.
net income attributable to cbi as a result of the above factors, net income attributable to cbi increased to $1,054.9 million for fiscal 2016 from $839.3 million for fiscal 2015, an increase of $215.6 million, or 26%.
financial liquidity and capital resources general our ability to consistently generate cash flow from operating activities is one of our most significant financial strengths. our strong cash flows enable us to invest in our people and our brands, make appropriate capital investments, provide a quarterly cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock and make strategic acquisitions that we believe will enhance shareholder value. our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our principal use of cash in our operating activities is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used cash flow from operating activities to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. we will continue to use our short-term borrowings, including our accounts receivable securitization facilities, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures.
we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs, including (i)  our nava brewery and glass production plant expansions, (ii)  our mexicali brewery construction and (iii)  our obregon brewery optimization (collectively, the "mexico beer expansion projects").
net cash provided by operating activities                         $1,696.0                $1,413.7            $1,081.0
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents          (5.1     )              (9.3     )          (2.5     )
operating activities fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016
net cash provided by operating activities increased $282.3 million for fiscal 2017 driven largely by strong cash flow from the beer and wine and spirits segments. the increase in beer was primarily due to the strong volume growth and the favorable pricing in the mexican beer portfolio, partially offset by (i)  the timing of collections for recoverable value-added taxes and (ii)  an increase in beer inventory levels to support the continuing growth within the mexican beer portfolio. the increase in wine and spirits resulted primarily from (i)  cash collections from strong net sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, (ii)  a benefit from accounts payable due largely to timing of payments and (iii)  a benefit from the timing of receipt of distributor payments for fiscal 2017; partially offset by an increase in wine and spirits' inventory levels due predominantly to a larger calendar year grape harvest for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $332.7 million for fiscal 2016. this increase resulted primarily from (i)  higher cash provided by beer (largely due to strong volume growth in the mexican beer portfolio as well as a reduction in prepaid value-added taxes predominantly attributable to timing) and (ii)  lower income tax payments. the lower income tax payments within cash flows from operating activities are primarily due to an increase in tax benefits on employee equity award exercise and vesting activity, partially offset by an increase in income taxes payable largely attributable to higher taxable income driven by beer.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $745.6 million for fiscal 2017. this decrease resulted primarily from proceeds from the sale of the canadian wine business in december 2016 of $575.3 million and lower payments for purchases of businesses for fiscal 2017 of $205.4 million. fiscal 2017 acquisitions consist of prisoner (april 2016), high west and charles smith (october 2016), and the obregon brewery (december 2016) compared with fiscal 2016 acquisitions of meiomi (august 2015) and ballast point (december 2015).
net cash used in investing activities increased $1,191.5 million for fiscal 2016, primarily due to the fiscal 2016 acquisitions of meiomi and ballast point.
•   fiscal 2017 share repurchases under the 2013 authorization and 2017 authorization of $1,122.7 million;
•   fiscal 2017 principal payments of long-term debt driven largely by the repayment of the august 2006 senior notes of $700.0 million;
•   lower net proceeds from notes payable of $163.5 million for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016;
•   higher cash dividend payments of $73.5 million for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016; and
•   lower excess tax benefits from stock-based payment awards of $72.0 million for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 due to decreased fiscal 2017 employee equity award exercise activity;
partially offset by:
•   fiscal 2017 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $1,965.6 million, including (i) term loan borrowings under our senior credit facility of $700.0 million in march 2016 (used to refinance borrowings under our then-existing senior credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facilities, and for other general corporate purposes) and $400.0 million in october 2016 (used to finance the purchase price for the acquisitions of high west and charles smith, and for other general corporate purposes); (ii) proceeds from issuance of the december 2016 senior notes of $600.0 million (used for general corporate purposes) and (iii) term loan borrowings under the canadian credit agreement of c$275.0 million ($214.1 million at issuance) (used for general corporate purposes); compared with
•   fiscal 2016 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $610.0 million primarily from the issuance of the december 2015 senior notes of $400.0 million (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of ballast point) and from term loan borrowings under our senior credit facility of $200.0 million (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of meiomi).
•   higher net proceeds from notes payable of $347.5 million for fiscal 2016 compared with fiscal 2015;
•   higher excess tax benefits from stock-based payment awards of $125.4 million for fiscal 2016 compared with fiscal 2015 due to increased fiscal 2016 employee equity award exercise and vesting activity;
•   fiscal 2015 payment of delayed purchase price arrangement of $543.3 million in connection with the june 2013 beer business acquisition; and
•   fiscal 2015 principal payments of long-term debt for the repayment of our december 2007 senior notes of $500.0 million;
partially offset by:
•   fiscal 2016 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $610.0 million primarily from the issuance of the december 2015 senior notes of $400.0 million (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of ballast point) and from term loan borrowings under the 2015 credit agreement of $200.0 million (used to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of meiomi) compared with fiscal 2015 proceeds from issuance of long-term debt of $905.0 million primarily from the issuance of the november 2014 senior notes (used primarily to redeem our december 2007 senior notes); and
•   payment of quarterly cash dividends.
debt total debt outstanding as of february 28, 2017, amounted to $9,238.1 million, an increase of $1,156.9 million from february 29, 2016. this increase was largely due to proceeds from the issuance of the european term a-1 and european term a-2 term loan borrowings under our senior credit facility and the december 2016 senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of the august 2006 senior notes.
senior credit facility in october 2016, we entered into the 2016 restatement agreement that amended and restated our march 2016 credit agreement. among other things, the 2016 restatement agreement created a new $400.0 million european term a-2 loan facility maturing on march 10, 2021. proceeds from the october 2016 borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement were primarily used to finance the purchase price for the acquisitions of high west and charles smith, and for other general corporate purposes.
$700.0 million european term a-1 loan facility maturing on march 10, 2021. proceeds from the march 2016 borrowings under the march 2016 credit agreement were used to refinance outstanding obligations under our then-existing senior credit facility and short-term borrowings under our accounts receivable securitization facilities, and for other general corporate purposes.
senior notes in december 2016, we issued the december 2016 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $594.4 million were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of short-term borrowings and the repurchase of shares of our class a common stock.
in august 2016, we repaid the august 2006 senior notes primarily with cash flows from operating activities.
general the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 28, 2017, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2017 to calendar 2026, and variable-rate senior unsecured term loan facilities under our 2016 credit agreement, with maturities ranging from calendar 2020 to calendar 2021.
we had the following borrowing capacity available under our 2016 credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facilities:
remaining borrowing capacity february 28,                   april 21,
the financial institutions participating in our 2016 credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facilities have complied with prior funding requests and we believe such financial institutions will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
as of february 28, 2017, we also have additional credit arrangements totaling $442.8 million, with $269.5 million outstanding under these arrangements. these arrangements primarily support the financing needs of our domestic and foreign subsidiary operations, as well as our glass production plant joint venture.
we have entered into various interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with our variable-rate senior unsecured term loan facilities. as a result of these hedges, we have fixed our interest rates on $250.0 million of our floating libor rate debt at an average rate of 1.1% (exclusive of borrowing margins) from september 1, 2016, through july 1, 2020.
we and our subsidiaries are subject to covenants that are contained in the 2016 credit agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional indebtedness (including guarantees of indebtedness), additional liens, mergers and consolidations, the payment of dividends, the making of certain investments, prepayments of certain debt, transactions with affiliates, agreements that restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries from paying dividends, and dispositions of property, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions and thresholds. the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net debt coverage ratio, both as defined in the 2016 credit agreement. as of february 28, 2017, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net debt coverage ratio was 4.0x.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to:  (i)  a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii)  a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions and (iii)  restrictions on mergers, consolidations and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 28, 2017, we were in compliance with all of our covenants under both our 2016 credit agreement and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 11 of the notes to the financial statements.
common stock dividends on april 5, 2017, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.52 per share of class a common stock, $0.47 per share of class b convertible common stock and $0.47 per share of class 1 common stock payable on may 24, 2017, to stockholders of record of each class on may 10, 2017. we expect to return approximately $400 million to stockholders in fiscal 2018 through cash dividends.
we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k.
share repurchase program our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our class a common stock and class b convertible common stock under the 2017 authorization. shares repurchased under this authorization have become treasury shares.
as of february 28, 2017, total shares repurchased under this authorization are as follows:
class a common shares repurchase authorization         dollar value of shares repurchased               number of shares repurchased
share repurchases under the 2017 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares.
for additional information, refer to note 14 of the notes to the financial statements.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table sets forth information about our contractual obligations outstanding at february 28, 2017. it brings together data for easy reference from our balance sheet and notes to the financial statements. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 10, 11, 12 and 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
operating leases                                                                            497.7                    41.6                      92.0                    78.6                   285.5
(1)   interest rates on long-term debt obligations range from 2.3% to 7.3% as of february 28, 2017. interest payments on long-term debt obligations include amounts associated with our outstanding interest rate swap agreements to fix libor interest rates on $250.0 million of our floating libor rate debt. interest payments on long-term debt do not include interest related to capital lease obligations or certain foreign credit arrangements, which represent approximately 2.6% of our total long-term debt, as amounts are not material.
(2)   other long-term liabilities include $32.8 million associated with expected payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as of february 28, 2017, $0.5 million of which is expected to be paid in the less than one year period. the payments are reflected in the period in which we believe they will ultimately be settled based on our experience in these matters. other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $6.7 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
(3)   total purchase obligations consist primarily of $5,508.1 million for contracts to purchase certain raw materials and supplies over the next thirteen fiscal years and $610.1 million for contracts to purchase equipment and services over the next three fiscal years. for a detailed discussion of our purchase obligations, refer to note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
capital expenditures during fiscal 2017, we incurred $907.4 million for capital expenditures, including $759.2 million for the beer segment primarily for the mexico beer expansion projects. management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current business needs. we plan to spend from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for capital expenditures for fiscal 2018, including from $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer expansion projects. the remaining fiscal 2018 capital expenditures consist of improvements of existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. we expect to spend the remaining amounts under the previously announced mexico beer expansion projects primarily during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020. upon completion, the total spend from fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2021 for the mexico beer expansion projects is estimated to approximate $3.9 billion.
effects of inflation and changing prices our results of operations and financial condition have not been significantly affected by inflation and changing prices. we intend to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices, subject to normal
competitive conditions. there can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices. in addition, we continue to identify on-going cost savings initiatives.
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of our notes to the financial statements. however, certain of our accounting policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. in applying those policies, management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. those estimates are based on our historical experience, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. on an ongoing basis, we review our estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business. our critical accounting estimates include:
•   goodwill and other intangible assets. we account for goodwill and other intangible assets by classifying intangible assets into three categories: (i) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, (ii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (iii) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist. the guidance for goodwill impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or to proceed directly to performing the two-step impairment test. in the first step, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. the estimate of fair value of the reporting unit is generally calculated based on an income approach using the discounted cash flow method supplemented by the market approach. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, a second step is performed to determine the amount of goodwill impairment we should record. in the second step, an implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). the resulting implied fair value of the goodwill is compared to the carrying value of the goodwill. the amount of impairment charge for goodwill is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. our reporting units include the beer segment and u.s., new zealand and italy for the wine and spirits segment. in estimating the fair value of the reporting units, management must make assumptions and projections regarding such items as future cash flows, future revenues, future earnings and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are based on historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our reporting units, as the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value. based on this analysis, of all of our reporting units, the reporting unit with the lowest amount of estimated fair value in excess of its carrying value was the wine and spirits' u.s. reporting unit with approximately 81% excess fair value. in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for any of our reporting units.
the most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows calculation to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units in connection with impairment testing are: (i)  the discount rate, (ii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iii)  the annual cash flow projections. as of january 1, 2017, if we used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual cash flow projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of goodwill, then the changes individually would not have resulted in the carrying value of the respective reporting unit's net assets, including its goodwill, exceeding its estimated fair value, which would indicate the potential for impairment and the requirement to measure the amount of impairment, if any.
our other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. the guidance for indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired or to proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method. the estimate of fair value is then compared to the carrying value of each trademark. if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the trademark, then an impairment charge is recorded by us to reduce the carrying value of the trademark to its estimated fair value. in estimating the fair value of the trademarks, management must make assumptions and projections regarding future cash flows based upon future revenues and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the wine and spirits' u.s. business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $37.6 million in connection with our decision to discontinue certain small-scale, low-margin u.s. brands. additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the wine and spirits' u.s. business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $8.4 million in connection with certain u.s. brands sold exclusively through the canadian wine business, for which we expect future sales of these brands to be minimal subsequent to the canadian divestiture. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our indefinite lived intangible assets for fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.
the most significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty method to determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with impairment testing are:  (i)  the estimated royalty rate, (ii)  the discount rate, (iii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iv)  the annual revenue projections. as of january 1, 2017, if we used a royalty rate that was 50 basis points lower or used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual revenue projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives, then each change individually would not have resulted in any unit of accounting's carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
•   accounting for promotional activities. sales reflect reductions attributable to consideration given to customers in various customer incentive programs, including pricing discounts on single transactions, volume discounts, promotional and advertising allowances, coupons and rebates. certain customer incentive programs require management to estimate the cost of those programs. the accrued liability for these programs is determined through analysis of programs offered, historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends, and experience with payment
patterns associated with similar programs that have been offered previously. if assumptions included in our estimates were to change or market conditions were to change, then material incremental reductions to revenue could be required, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
•   accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of items of income and expense, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, luxembourg, mexico, new zealand, the u.s. and other jurisdictions. we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we record a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized. we believe that all tax positions are fully supported; however, we record tax liabilities in accordance with the fasb's guidance for income tax accounting. we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
accounting guidance not yet adopted accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2017 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. for further information on accounting guidance not yet adopted, refer to note 21 in our notes to the financial statements.