Marsh & McLennan Companies provides risk control and mitigation solutions to clients through its risk and insurance services segment and engages in risk management activities including risk advice, risk transfer and insurance program management, while monitoring premium rate levels, client risk retention and fluctuations in the value of insured risks to maintain business continuity and adapt to environmental perturbations. The company conducts forward-looking analyses of currency impacts, acquisitions, dispositions and transfers among businesses to isolate underlying revenue changes. It maintains a $1.5 billion multi-currency five-year unsecured revolving credit facility subject to quarterly coverage and leverage ratio tests, utilizes a commercial paper program and repatriates foreign earnings, including approximately $850 million of permanently invested non-U.S. cash, to support working capital and regulatory requirements, thereby preserving its liquidity under adverse conditions. In 2016, it generated $2.0 billion of cash from operations, adjusted for non-cash charges and pension contributions; repurchased $800 million of common stock under an expanded $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization; and issued senior notes due 2022 and 2047 to reconfigure its debt maturity profile. The company completed nine acquisitions in risk and insurance services and six in consulting during 2016 to enhance its strategic capabilities and absorb market shifts. It has modified its defined benefit pension plans—dividing its U.S. qualified plan, terminating benefit accruals effective December 31, 2016 and merging qualified plans—to manage pension liabilities, added an automatic company contribution to its defined contribution arrangements, recognized a curtailment gain upon closing its U.K. defined benefit plans and negotiated a seven-year deficit recovery plan totalling GBP 450 million, demonstrating resource reconfiguration and adaptation. The company also performs annual qualitative goodwill impairment assessments, records liabilities for legal and errors and omissions contingencies and evaluates uncertain tax positions, thereby enabling it to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning under both nominal and exceptional internal and external variations.