The company has established a comprehensive enterprise risk management framework, approved by the board of directors, that incorporates its purpose, vision, and values and defines its risk appetite—the amount of risk it is willing to accept in pursuit of corporate strategy—and assigns responsibility to specific business and control units for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks.  Senior management and the global risk committee regularly identify emerging risks, assess risk management practices and control environments, reinforce business accountability, monitor risk metrics against established limits and tolerance levels, and escalate significant issues to the board’s risk committee.  To manage operational risk arising from inadequate or failed processes, people, systems or external events, the company maintains detailed policies and procedures, conducts periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, internal audit reviews, and, where appropriate, purchases insurance.  Information security is managed through a program of complementary tools, controls, monitoring systems and employee training designed to protect systems, client accounts, and data, limit unauthorized access, and detect suspicious activity.  The company manages external vendor risk through contractual provisions, control standards, and ongoing performance monitoring.  The company’s broker-dealer and banking subsidiaries are subject to uniform net capital, liquidity coverage, and recovery-planning requirements; in September 2016 the OCC issued final guidelines requiring Schwab Bank to develop and maintain a recovery plan describing how it would restore financial health and viability under diverse stress scenarios, and Schwab Bank must complete the recovery plan by year-end 2017.  To preserve operational continuity and maintain system integrity, the company maintains backup and recovery infrastructure, geographically dispersed workforces, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster-recovery plans.  The company conducts regular liquidity stress testing to ensure it can meet client obligations under both market-related and firm-specific stress scenarios and maintains liquidity buffers and diverse funding sources—including committed credit facilities, commercial paper, secured and unsecured borrowings, and a universal shelf registration—to meet ongoing and contingency cash needs.  Similarly, the company conducts capital stress testing and has established internal capital guidelines and a capital contingency plan to ensure it remains well capitalized even under adverse macroeconomic or company-specific events, while providing financial strength to its regulated subsidiaries.  Through ongoing monitoring of credit-quality indicators, collateral requirements, margin and lending policies, allowance for loan losses methodologies and concentration limits, the company seeks to absorb strain from credit exposures and preserve financial health.  Net interest-revenue simulation modeling, investment-portfolio management, and the management of asset-liability duration and sensitivity serve to mitigate the impact of interest-rate variability and support performance maintenance under changing market conditions.