item 1a.  risk factors you should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
competitive and business risks we operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively.
the markets for our products and services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. our principal competitors include other vendors and providers of financial services technology and payment systems, data processing affiliates of large companies, processing centers owned or operated as user cooperatives, financial institutions, independent sales organizations ("isos"), independent software vendors, payments companies and payment network operators. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. as a result, we may compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new technologies and well-funded competitors, including large technology, telecommunication, media and other companies not historically in the financial services and payments industries, start-ups and international providers of products and services similar to ours. in addition, participants in the financial services, payments and technology industries may merge, create joint ventures or engage in other business combinations, alliances and consolidations that may strengthen their existing products and services or create new products and services that compete with ours. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to keep pace with technological change, including as a result of artificial intelligence, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited.
the markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, frequent introduction of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. our ability to respond timely to these changes, including by enhancing our current products and services and developing and introducing new products and services, will significantly affect our future success. in addition, the success of certain of our products and services rely, in part, on financial institutions, business partners and other third parties promoting the use of or distributing our products and services. if we are unsuccessful in developing, marketing and selling products or services that gain market acceptance, or if third parties insufficiently promote or distribute our products and services, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients, to attract new ones and to grow profitably.
we believe that data, and the insights enabled by data, can be used to create or enhance the products and services that we offer to our clients. as a result, we are using, and expect to continue to expand our use of, artificial intelligence and machine learning. however, legislation that would govern the development or use of artificial intelligence is under consideration in the u.s. at the state and local level, as well as abroad. as a result, the ability to use artificial intelligence and machine learning may be constrained by current or future laws, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements.
if we are unable to renew contracts on favorable terms or if contracts are terminated prematurely, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. at the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us or to consider whether to engage one or more of our competitors to provide products and services or to perform the services in-house. some of our competitors may offer more attractive prices, features or other services that we do not offer, and some clients may desire to perform the services themselves. larger clients may be able to seek lower prices from us when they renew or extend a contract or the client's business has significant volume changes. in addition, larger clients may reduce the services we provide if they decide to move services in-house. further, our small merchant business clients may seek reduced fees due to pricing competition, their own financial condition or pressure from their customers.
we also have contracts with u.s. federal, state and local governments. the contracts with these clients may contain terms that are not typical for non-government clients, such as the right to terminate for convenience, the right to unilaterally modify or reduce work to be provided under the contract, significant or unlimited indemnification obligations and being subject to appropriation of funds for the government contract program. in addition, if any of our government contracts were to be terminated for default, we could be suspended or debarred from contracting with that entity in the future, which could also provide other government clients the right to terminate.
these factors could result in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our agreement with that client. if we are not successful in achieving high contract renewal rates and favorable contract terms, if contracts are terminated, or if we are prevented from performing work for these clients in the future, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in card association and debit network fees or products could increase costs or otherwise limit our operations.
from time to time, card associations and debit networks, including the card networks which we own and operate, increase the processing and other fees (including what is commonly called "interchange fees") that they charge. it is possible that competitive and other pressures will result in us absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, or not being able to increase our own fees, which would increase our operating costs, reduce our profit margin, limit our growth, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. any increase in the capital level required would further limit our use of capital for other purposes.
our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected.
under our alliance program, a bank or other institution forms an alliance with us, generally on an exclusive basis, either contractually or through a separate legal entity. merchant contracts may be contributed to the alliance by us and/or the bank or institution. the banks and other institutions generally provide card association sponsorship, clearing and settlement services and typically act as a merchant referral source when the institution has an existing banking or other relationship with such merchant. we provide transaction processing and related functions to the alliance. both we and our alliance partners may also provide management, sales, marketing and other administrative services. the alliance structure allows us to be the processor for multiple financial institutions, any one of which may be selected by the merchant as its bank partner. our merchant acquiring business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships, alliances and other distribution channels. there can be no guarantee that we will achieve growth in our merchant relationships, alliances or other distribution channels. in addition, our contractual arrangements with merchants and merchant alliance partners are for fixed terms and may allow for early termination upon the occurrence of certain events. there can be no assurance that we will be able to renew our contractual arrangements with these merchants or merchant alliance partners on similar terms or at all. the loss of merchant relationships or alliance partners could negatively impact our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
consolidations in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenue by eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on fewer clients.
mergers, consolidations and failures of financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenue. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. our alliance strategy could also be negatively affected by consolidations, especially where the financial institutions involved are committed to their internal merchant processing businesses that compete with us. it is also possible that the larger financial institutions that result from mergers or consolidations could have an increased ability to negotiate terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
operational and security risks security incidents or other technological risks involving our systems and data, or those of our clients, partners or vendors, could expose us to liability or damage our reputation.
our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients and their customers. under the card network rules, various federal, state and international laws, and client contracts, we are responsible for information provided to us by financial institutions, merchants, isos, third-party service providers and others. preserving the confidentiality of sensitive business and personal information is critical to our business. any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, ransom, denial of service or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients, partners or vendors. these incidents are often difficult to detect and are constantly evolving. we expect that unauthorized parties will continue to attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, and those of our clients, partners and vendors, through various means and with increasing sophistication, particularly as cybercriminals attempt to profit from increased online banking, e-commerce and other online activity. these events could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, increased regulatory scrutiny, financial sanctions and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients and cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business. in addition, we have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and mitigate security vulnerabilities. although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and that none of the events that we have encountered to date have materially affected us, we cannot be certain that the security measures and procedures we have in place to detect security incidents and protect sensitive data, will be successful or sufficient to counter all current and emerging risks and threats. the impact of a material event involving our systems and data, or those of our clients, partners or vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation.
our business depends heavily on the reliability of our systems. an operational failure that results in an interruption in the availability of our products and services could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. an operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties or events over which we may have limited or no control. events that could cause operational failures include, but are not limited to, hardware and software defects or malfunctions, ransomware, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, pandemics, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. in the event of operational failures or damage or disruption to our business due to these occurrences, we may not be able to successfully or quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets and data through our business continuity program. implementation delays, interruptions of service or hardware device defects could damage our relationship with clients and could cause us to incur substantial expenses, including those related to the payment of service credits, product recalls or other liabilities. a prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue, and significantly impact our clients' businesses and the customers they serve. in addition, a significant interruption of service or product recall could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our current and potential clients to choose another service provider. as a provider of payments solutions and other financial services, clients, regulators and others may require enhanced business continuity and disaster recovery plans including frequent testing of such plans. meeting these various requirements may require a significant investment of time and money. any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions of operations of other participants in the global financial system could prevent us from delivering our products and services.
the operations and systems of many participants in the global financial system are interconnected. many of the transactions involving our products and services rely on multiple participants in the global financial system to move funds and communicate information to the next participant in the transaction chain. a disruption for any reason of the operations of a participant in the global financial system could impact our ability to obtain or provide information or cause funds to be moved in a manner to successfully deliver our products and services. although we work with other participants to avoid any disruptions, there is no assurance that such efforts will be effective. such a disruption could lead to our inability to deliver products and services, reputational damage, lost clients and revenue, loss of clients' and their customers' confidence, as well as additional costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on third parties to provide products and services and if we are unable to obtain such products or services in the future or if these third parties fail to perform these services adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
we rely on third parties we do not control to provide us with products and services, including payment card networks, acquiring processors, payment card issuers, financial institutions and the automated clearing house ("ach") network which transmit transaction data, process chargebacks and refunds, and perform clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if, for example, such third parties stop providing clearing services or limit our volumes, we would need to find other financial institutions to provide those services. in the event these third parties fail to provide these services adequately or in a timely manner, including as a result of errors in their systems or events beyond their control, or refuse to provide these services on terms acceptable to us or at all, and we are not able to find timely suitable alternatives, we may no longer be able to provide certain services to customers, which could expose us and our clients to information security, financial, compliance and reputational risks. we may be negatively impacted by a disruption to our supply chain or third-party delivery service providers, including if the factories that manufacture our point-of-sale devices, payment cards or computer chips for payment cards, or paper stock are temporarily closed or experience workforce shortages; shipping services are interrupted or delayed; there are increased lead times, shortages or higher costs for certain materials and components; or there are workforce shortages at our third-party customer support, software development or technology hosting facilities. if we are unable to renew our existing contracts with key vendors and service providers, we might not be able to replace the related product or service at all or at the same cost. any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability.
our services are based on sophisticated software and computer systems and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. further, the software underlying our services may contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. we may also experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technology on systems or with other programs used by our clients. defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients or client data, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability.
global market risks our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical and other risks associated with operations outside of the u.s. and, as we continue to expand internationally, we may incur higher than anticipated costs and may become more susceptible to these risks.
we offer merchant acquiring, processing and issuing services outside of the u.s., including in the u.k., germany, mexico, uruguay, argentina, india and brazil. our facilities outside of the u.s., and those of our suppliers and vendors, including manufacturing, customer support, software development and technology hosting facilities, are subject to risks, including natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, terrorism, war, political instability and other events outside of our or our suppliers' control. as we continue to expand internationally and grow our client base outside of the u.s., we may face challenges due to the presence of more established competitors and our relative lack of experience in such non-u.s. markets, and we may incur higher than anticipated costs. if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with the international operation and expansion of our business, our results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
our business is impacted by u.s. and global market and economic conditions.
for the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive revenue primarily from products and services we provide to the financial services industry and from our merchant acquiring business. given this focus, we are exposed to global economic conditions and adverse economic trends may accelerate the timing, or increase the impact of, risks to our financial performance. such trends may include, but are not limited to, the following:
•inflation, foreign currency fluctuations, declining economies, social unrest, natural disasters, public health crises, including the occurrence of a contagious disease or illness, and the pace of economic recovery can change consumer spending behaviors, on which a significant portion of our revenues are dependent;
•low levels of consumer and business confidence typically associated with recessionary environments and those markets experiencing relatively high inflation and/or unemployment, may cause decreased spending by cardholders;
•budgetary concerns in the u.s. and other countries around the world could affect the u.s. and other specific sovereign credit ratings, impact consumer confidence and spending, and increase the risks of operating in those countries;
•emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in the u.s. and europe, and adverse economic trends, including high rates of inflation, may be more pronounced in such emerging markets;
•financial institutions may restrict credit lines to cardholders or limit the issuance of new cards to mitigate cardholder defaults;
•uncertainty and volatility in the performance of our clients' businesses may make estimates of our revenues, rebates, incentives, and realization of prepaid assets less predictable;
•our clients may decrease spending for value-added services; and
•government intervention, including the effect of laws, regulations, treaties and/or government investments in our clients, may have potential negative effects on our business, operations and our relationships with our clients or otherwise alter their strategic direction away from our products.
a weakening in the economy or competition from other retailers could force some retailers to close, resulting in exposure to potential credit losses and declines in transactions, and reduced earnings on transactions due to a potential shift to large discount merchants. additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective in their card issuance practices.
a prolonged poor economic environment, including a potential recession in the u.s. or other economies in which our business operates, could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services and in the number and dollar amount of transactions we process or accounts we service, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
potential tariffs or trade wars could increase the cost of our products, which could adversely impact the competitiveness of our products and our financial results.
the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain imports from china, including on some of our hardware devices manufactured in china. if the u.s. administration imposes additional tariffs, or if additional tariffs or trade restrictions are implemented by the u.s. or other countries, our hardware devices produced in china could be impacted. although it is difficult to predict how current or future tariffs on items imported from china or elsewhere will impact our business, the cost of our products manufactured in china and imported into the u.s. or other countries could increase, which in turn could adversely affect the demand for these products and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
regulatory and compliance risks if we or third parties with whom we partner or contract fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to liability and our business could be harmed.
our businesses are subject to state, federal, and foreign laws and regulations, including payment, cybersecurity, consumer protection, money transmission, data privacy, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, payment institution, electronic money licensing, credit reporting and debt collection laws and regulations. our clients are also subject to numerous laws and regulations applicable to banks, financial institutions and card issuers in the u.s. and abroad, and, consequently, we are at times affected by these federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. these laws and regulations are subject to change, and new laws, regulations and interpretations are regularly adopted.
we operate our business around the world, including in certain foreign countries with developing economies where companies often engage in business practices that are prohibited by laws applicable to us, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. these laws prohibit, among other things, improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we also derive revenue from transactions involving sales to u.s. federal, state and local governments and their respective agencies, and are subject to various procurement laws, regulations, and contract provisions relating to those contracts. we have implemented policies and training programs to comply with applicable laws, regulations and obligations; however, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, consultants and agents will comply with our policies and all applicable laws and any noncompliance could subject us to fines, penalties and loss of business.
the volume and complexity of the regulations that impact our business, directly or indirectly, will continue to increase our cost of doing business. if we or third parties with whom we partner or contract fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be exposed to litigation or regulatory proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed, our ability to obtain new clients could be inhibited, we could be required to change the manner in which we conduct our business or suspend or terminate certain services, and we could incur significant fines, penalties, or losses, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the payment card networks and nacha, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations, which could adversely affect our business.
in order to provide our transaction processing services, several of our subsidiaries are registered with visa and mastercard and other networks as members or service providers for member institutions. a number of our subsidiaries outside the u.s. are direct members or associate members of visa and mastercard for purposes of conducting merchant acquiring, and various subsidiaries are also processor level members of numerous debit and electronic benefits transaction networks. as such, we are subject to card association and network rules that could subject us or our clients to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks for certain acts or omissions by us, acquiring clients, processing clients or merchants. in addition, we are subject to nacha rules relating to payment transactions processed by us using the ach network and to various federal and state laws regarding such operations, including laws pertaining to electronic fund transfer and electronic benefits transactions, as well as the payment card industry data security standard enforced by the major card brands. the rules of nacha and the card networks are set by their respective boards, some of which are our competitors, and the card network rules may be influenced by card issuers, some of which offer competing transaction processing services.
if we fail to comply with these rules, we could be fined and our member registrations or certifications could be suspended or terminated. the suspension or termination of our member registrations or certifications, or any changes to the association and network rules, that we do not successfully address, or any other action by the card networks to restrict our ability to process transactions over such networks, could limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to clients and result in a reduction of revenue or increased costs of operation, which, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a heightened regulatory environment in the financial services industry may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business.
since the enactment of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, a number of substantial regulations affecting the supervision and operation of the financial services industry within the u.s. have been adopted, including those that establish the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb"). the cfpb has issued regulations and guidance under u.s. consumer financial protection laws that apply to, and conducts direct examinations of, "supervised banks and nonbanks" as well as "supervised service providers" like us. cfpb rules, examinations and enforcement actions may require us to adjust our activities and may increase our compliance costs. changes to applicable financial services laws or regulations could adversely impact our debit network business and other businesses. in addition, certain of our alliance partners are subject to regulation by federal and state authorities and, as a result, could pass through some of those compliance obligations to us.
additional regulation, examination or oversight of our business could require us to modify the manner in which we contract with or provide products and services to our clients; directly or indirectly limit how much we can charge for our services; require us to invest additional time and resources to comply with such oversight and regulations, including in respect of audits, investigations or enforcement actions related to us or third parties; or limit our ability to update our existing products and services, or require us to develop new ones. if this oversight or regulation negatively impacts the business, operations or financial condition of our clients, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected because, among other matters, our clients could have less capacity to purchase products and services from us, could decide to avoid or abandon certain lines of business, or could seek to pass on increased costs to us by negotiating price reductions. any of these events, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
legislative or regulatory initiatives on cybersecurity and data privacy could adversely impact our business and financial results.
cybersecurity and data privacy risks have received heightened legislative and regulatory attention. in europe, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") extends the scope of the e.u. data protection law to all companies processing data of individuals within the e.u., regardless of the company's location, subject to certain limitations. the law requires companies to meet stringent requirements regarding the handling of personal data. e.u. data protection law continuously develops and requires significant changes to our policies and procedures. we are also subject to u.k. gdpr following the u.k.'s exit from the e.u. single market and customs union. our efforts to comply with e.u., u.k. and other privacy and data protection laws around the world that apply to our businesses could involve substantial expenses, divert resources from other initiatives and projects and limit the services we are able to offer. there is also increased focus on data localization requirements around the world in countries such as the united arab emirates, china and india which could impact our business model with respect to our storage and transfer of personal data.
in addition, u.s. regulators, including the u.s. federal banking agencies and the u.s. federal trade commission have adopted or proposed enhanced cyber and privacy security standards that apply to us and our financial institution clients and address cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience and situational awareness. legislation and regulations on cybersecurity, data privacy and data localization may compel us to enhance or modify our systems, invest in new systems or alter our business practices or our policies on data governance and privacy. if any of these outcomes were to occur, our operational costs could increase significantly. failure to comply with applicable laws in this area could also result in significant fines, penalties and reputational damage.
failure to comply with state and federal antitrust requirements could adversely affect our business.
through our merchant alliances, we hold an ownership interest in several competing merchant acquiring businesses while serving as an electronic processor for those businesses. in order to satisfy state and federal antitrust requirements, we actively maintain an antitrust compliance program. notwithstanding our compliance program, it is possible that perceived or actual violations of state or federal antitrust requirements could give rise to regulatory enforcement investigations or actions. regulatory scrutiny of, or regulatory enforcement action in connection with, compliance with state and federal antitrust requirements could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.
we may be sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. we expose ourselves to additional liability when we agree to defend or indemnify our clients against third-party infringement claims. if the owner of intellectual property establishes that we are, or a client which we are obligated to indemnify is, infringing its intellectual property rights, we may be forced to change our products or services, and such changes may be expensive or impractical, or we may need to seek royalty or license agreements from the owner of such rights. if we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. we may also be liable for financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur expenses in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. any adverse result related to violation of third-party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and time-consuming litigation and may require significant attention from our management and key personnel.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. we actively seek to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. in addition, use of ai tools may result in the release of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. the steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. it is also possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology. further, we use open source software in connection with our solutions. companies that incorporate open source software into their solutions have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of solutions developed using open source software. as a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. the laws of certain non-u.s. countries where we do business or contemplate doing business in the future may not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the u.s. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows from operations.
our operations are subject to tax by federal, state, local, and international taxing jurisdictions. changes in tax laws or their interpretations in our significant tax jurisdictions could materially increase the amount of taxes we owe, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations as well as our cash flows from operations. additionally, future tax laws, regulations or guidance from the internal revenue service, the securities and exchange commission or the financial accounting standards board could cause us to adjust current estimates in future periods, which could impact our earnings and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flow.
the u.s. congress, the organization for economic co-operation and development (the "oecd") and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we do business remain focused on the taxation of multinational corporations. the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, including the u.s., is contemplating changes to numerous longstanding tax principles, including ensuring all companies pay a global minimum tax and expanding taxing rights of market countries. because the timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating countries, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of these initiatives and their implementation could adversely affect our business or financial results.
furthermore, our implementation of new practices and processes designed to comply with changing tax laws and regulations could require us to make substantial changes to our business practices, allocate additional resources, and increase our costs, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows from operations our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations as well as our cash flows from operations. we have established contingency reserves for known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. these reserves reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. while we believe that the reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there is no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial cost not in excess of any related reserve. an unfavorable resolution, therefore, could negatively impact our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in the current and/or future periods.
organizational and financial risks the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend on the experience, skill and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. if we fail to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance and sales personnel, our future success could be harmed. our senior management provides strategic direction for our company, and if we lose members of our leadership team, our management resources may have to be diverted from other priorities to address this loss. our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications, and if we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands.
losses due to chargebacks, refunds or returns could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may be liable if our merchants or other parties that have obligations to deliver goods or services to cardholders fail to satisfy their obligations. for example, we and our merchant acquiring alliances may be subject to contingent liability for transactions originally acquired by us that are disputed by the cardholder and charged back to the merchants or other parties. these disputes could arise from fraud, misuse, unintentional use, settlement delay or failure, insufficiency of funds, returns, a failure to perform a service, or other reasons. if we or the alliance is unable to collect this amount from the merchant or other party because of the merchant's or other party's insolvency or other reasons, we or the alliance will bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. although we have an active program to manage our credit risk, and often mitigate our risk by obtaining collateral, a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants or others could have a material adverse effect on our business, and results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, we may be subject to potential liability for fraudulent transactions, including electronic payment and card transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant or other party knowingly uses a stolen or counterfeit credit, debit or prepaid card, card number or other credentials to record a false sales transaction, processes an invalid card or intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction. criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. we also rely on isos to sell our merchant processing services, which they may do by contracting with their own sub-isos. we rely on these isos and sub-isos to exercise appropriate controls to avoid fraudulent transactions. it is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud, or otherwise effectively administer our chargeback responsibilities, would increase our chargeback liability and expose us to fines or other liabilities. increases in chargebacks, fines or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
acquisitions subject us to risks, including assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations.
a major contributor to our growth in revenue and earnings since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. we anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult or expensive to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. we may not be able to integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. in addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources.
in addition, acquisitions outside of the u.s. often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:
•managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities;
•integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
•complying with non-u.s. regulatory requirements;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•enforcement of intellectual property rights in some non-u.s. countries;
•difficulty entering new non-u.s. markets due to, among other things, consumer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and
•general economic and political conditions.
these risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may discover liabilities, deficiencies, or other claims associated with the companies or assets we acquire that were not identified in advance, which may result in significant unanticipated costs; the effectiveness of our due diligence review and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence are dependent upon the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by the companies we acquire or their representatives, as well as the limited amount of time in which acquisitions are executed. in addition, we may fail to accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or other strategic transaction, including tax and accounting charges; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
we may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers of businesses pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements.
we have in the past and may in the future sell businesses. in connection with sales of businesses, we may make representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agree to retain certain liabilities associated with our operation of the businesses prior to their sale. our obligation to indemnify the purchasers and agreement to retain liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our results of operations.
our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent 53% of our total assets at december 31, 2023. these assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions. on at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill. in addition, we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a non-cash charge to operating earnings. an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material negative effect on our results of operations.
existing or future leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations.
at december 31, 2023, we had approximately $23.1 billion of debt. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. our indebtedness could: decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility to make acquisitions; increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions. our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, if certain of our outstanding senior notes or commercial paper notes are downgraded to below investment grade, we may incur additional interest expense. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, including due to further deterioration in economic and market conditions, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. in addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms.
an increase in interest rates may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility, term loan, foreign lines of credit and commercial paper programs, are at variable rates of interest. beginning in 2022, and continuing through mid-2023, interest rates increased significantly and interest rates may continue to increase or remain at higher than recent historical levels in the future. an increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on our results of operations by causing an increase in interest expense. at december 31, 2023, we had approximately $2.3 billion in variable rate debt, which includes $516 million drawn on our revolving credit facility and foreign lines of credit, and an aggregate amount of $1.7 billion outstanding under our u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper programs. based on outstanding debt balances and interest rates at december 31, 2023, a 1% increase in variable interest rates would result in an increase to annual interest expense of $23 million.
our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
we are subject to risks related to changes in currency rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. revenues and profit generated by such international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. from time to time, we utilize foreign currency forward contracts and other hedging instruments to mitigate the market value risks associated with foreign currency-denominated transactions and investments. these hedging strategies may not, however, eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation, and we may forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if currency exchange rates were to change in our favor. in addition, we may incur material foreign currency exchange losses due to the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities in highly inflationary economies. we have also issued foreign currency-denominated senior notes and commercial paper notes for which payments of interest and principal are to be made in foreign currency, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could cause the expense associated with such payments to increase. in addition, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that restrict or prohibit the conversion of our foreign revenue currencies into u.s. dollars. any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues and earnings we derive from our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. this section generally discusses information and results pertaining to the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. information and discussion of results pertaining to the year ended december 31, 2021 not included herein can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for fiscal year 2022, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 23, 2023. our discussion is organized as follows:
•overview. this section contains background information on our company and the products and services that we provide, acquisitions and dispositions, our enterprise priorities, and the trends affecting our industry in order to provide context for management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations.
•critical accounting policies and estimates. this section contains a discussion of the accounting policies that we believe are important to our financial condition and results of operations and that require judgment and estimates on the part of management in their application. our critical accounting policies are also summarized in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
•results of operations. this section contains an analysis of our results of operations presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of income by comparing the results for the year ended december 31, 2023 to the results for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and a discussion of our outstanding debt and commitments at december 31, 2023.
overview company background we are a leading global provider of payments and financial services technology solutions. we serve clients around the globe, including merchants, banks, credit unions, other financial institutions and corporate clients. we provide account processing and digital banking solutions; card issuer processing and network services; payments; e-commerce; merchant acquiring and processing; and the clover® cloud-based point-of-sale ("pos") and business management platform. our operations are comprised of the merchant acceptance ("acceptance") segment, the financial technology ("fintech") segment and the payments and network ("payments") segment.
the businesses in our acceptance segment provide a wide range of commerce-enabling solutions and serve merchants of all sizes around the world. these solutions include merchant acquiring and digital commerce services; mobile payment services; security and fraud protection products; clover, our cloud-based pos and integrated commerce operating system for small and mid-sized businesses ("smbs") and independent software vendors ("isvs"); and caratsm, our integrated operating system for large businesses. we distribute the products and services in the acceptance segment businesses through a variety of channels, including direct sales teams, strategic partnerships with agent sales forces, isvs, financial institutions and other strategic partners in the form of joint venture alliances, revenue sharing alliances and referral agreements. merchants, financial institutions and distribution partners in the acceptance segment are frequently clients of our other segments.
the businesses in our fintech segment provide financial institutions around the world with the technology solutions they need to run their operations, including products and services that enable financial institutions to process customer deposit and loan accounts and manage an institution's general ledger and central information files. as a complement to the core account processing functionality, the fintech segment businesses also provide digital banking, financial and risk management, professional services and consulting, check processing, and other products and services that support numerous types of financial transactions. certain of the businesses in the fintech segment provide products or services to corporate clients to facilitate the management of financial processes and transactions. many of the products and services offered in the fintech segment are integrated with products and services provided by our other segments.
the businesses in our payments segment provide financial institutions and corporate and public sector clients with the products and services required to process digital payment transactions. this includes card transactions such as debit, credit and prepaid card processing and services; a range of network services; security and fraud protection products; and card production and print services. in addition, the payments segment businesses offer non-card digital payment software and services, including bill payment, account-to-account transfers, person-to-person payments, electronic billing, and security and fraud protection products. clients of the payments segment businesses reflect a wide range of industries around the world, including merchants, distribution partners and financial institution customers in our other segments.
corporate and other supports the reportable segments described above, and consists of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, unallocated corporate expenses and other activities that are not considered when we evaluate segment performance, such as gains or losses on sales of businesses, certain assets or investments; costs associated with acquisition and divestiture activity; certain services revenue associated with various dispositions; and our output solutions postage reimbursements.
we are effecting changes in our business designed to further enhance operational performance in the delivery of our integrated portfolio of products and solutions to our financial institution clients. as a result, we expect to realign our reportable segments to correspond with these organizational changes, which we expect to be completed effective for the quarter ending march 31, 2024. we continue to allocate resources and assess performance based on the current reportable segment structure.
acquisitions and dispositions we frequently review our businesses to ensure we have the necessary assets to execute our strategy. we expect to acquire businesses when we identify: a compelling strategic need, such as a product, service or technology that helps meet client demand; an opportunity to change industry dynamics; a way to achieve business scale that enables competition and operational efficiency; or similar considerations. we expect to divest businesses that are not in line with our market, product or financial strategies. the results of operations for the following acquired and divested businesses are included in our consolidated results from the respective dates of acquisition and through the respective dates of disposition.
acquisitions of businesses on october 9, 2023, we acquired skytef solucões em captura de transações ltda ("skytef"), a distributor for isv partners and merchants of our electronic funds transfer payments software. skytef is included within the acceptance segment and expands our distribution network and pos applications. on november 1, 2023, we acquired sled s.a. ("sled"), a provider of instant payment solutions. sled is included within the acceptance segment and expands our direct payment service capabilities. we acquired these businesses in latin america for an aggregate purchase price, including hold-backs, of approximately $17 million.
on december 29, 2022, we acquired orangedata s.a. ("yacaré"), an argentina-based payment service provider that enables customers to transact at merchant locations using qr codes. yacaré is included within the acceptance segment and enhances our instant payment transaction capabilities. on december 20, 2022, we acquired merchant one, inc. ("merchant one"), an independent sales organization ("iso") focused on acquiring merchants in the restaurant, retail and e-commerce industries using an innovative mix of direct and digital marketing strategies. merchant one is included within the acceptance segment and enhances our merchant distribution and sales force channels. on september 1, 2022, we acquired nextable, inc. ("nextable"), a provider of cloud-based reservation and table management solutions for restaurants. nextable is included within the acceptance segment and expands our end-to-end restaurant solutions. on june 1, 2022, we acquired the lr2 group, llc ("city pos"), an iso that promotes payment processing services and facilitates the sale of pos equipment for merchants. city pos is included within the acceptance segment and expands our merchant services business. on april 1, 2022, we acquired the remaining majority controlling ownership interest in finxact, inc. ("finxact"), a developer of cloud-native banking solutions powering digital transformation throughout the financial services sector. finxact is included within the fintech segment and advances our digital banking strategy, expanding our account processing, digital and payments solutions. we acquired these businesses in 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of $994 million, net of $28 million of acquired cash, and including earn-out provisions estimated at a fair value of $6 million.
dispositions of businesses on july 25, 2023, we sold our financial reconciliation business, which was reported within the fintech segment, for cash proceeds of $235 million. we recognized a pre-tax gain of $172 million on the sale during the year ended december 31, 2023.
on october 17, 2022, we sold fiserv costa rica, s.a. and our systems integration services ("sis") operations, which provides information technology engineering services in the united states of america ("u.s.") and india, to a single buyer. fiserv costa rica, s.a. and sis were reported primarily within the fintech segment. on september 30, 2022, we sold our korea operations, which were reported within the acceptance segment. we sold these operations in 2022 for total consideration of $99 million and recognized an aggregate net pre-tax loss on the sales of $83 million. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we recognized a pre-tax loss of $3 million associated with final working capital adjustments related to the disposition of fiserv costa rica, s.a.
other transactions on september 25, 2023, we acquired the remaining 49% ownership interest in european merchant services b.v., a netherlands-based merchant acceptance business, for $56 million. we previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this subsidiary, which continues to be consolidated and reported within the acceptance segment.
effective march 2022, we mutually agreed with a minority partner to terminate one of our merchant alliance joint ventures. in conjunction with such termination, the joint venture minority partner elected to exercise its option to purchase certain additional merchant contracts of the joint venture for $175 million, resulting in the recognition of a pre-tax gain of $137 million during the year ended december 31, 2022.
enterprise priorities we aspire to move money and information in a way that moves the world. our purpose is to deliver superior value for our clients through leading technology, targeted innovation and excellence in everything we do. we are focused on driving growth and creating value by assembling a high-performing and diverse team, integrating our solutions, delivering operational excellence, allocating capital in a disciplined manner, including share repurchase and merger and acquisition activity, and delivering breakthrough innovation. our long-term priorities are to meet our financial commitments; continue to build high-quality revenue; deepen client relationships with an emphasis on digital solutions and value-added services; deliver innovation and integration enabling differentiated value for our clients; and generate integration value, including cost and revenue synergies from acquisitions.
industry trends the global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce and real-time payments infrastructure. because of this growth, competition also continues to intensify. business and consumer expectations continue to rise, with a focus on speed, convenience, choice and security. to meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data and enhancing the customer experience.
merchants the rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce, driven by consumers' desire for simpler, more efficient shopping experiences, has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers nearly anywhere, through any device, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. merchants are demanding simpler, integrated and flexible systems to enable them to serve customers and help manage cash flow and everyday business operations. when combined with the ever-increasing ways a consumer can pay for goods and services, merchants have sought modern end-to-end solutions throughout their growth lifecycle to streamline the complexity. furthermore, merchants can now search, discover, compare, purchase and even install a new system through direct, digital-only experiences. this direct, digital-only channel is a source of new merchant acquisition opportunities, especially with respect to smaller merchants.
additionally, there are numerous software-as-a-service ("saas") solution providers in the industry, many of which have chosen to integrate merchant acquiring into their software as a way to generate revenue from existing client relationships. such providers are independent software vendors, typically referred to as isvs, and we believe there are thousands of these potential distribution partnership opportunities to cross-sell multiple value-added solutions available to us.
we believe that our merchant acquiring products and solutions create compelling value propositions for merchant clients of all sizes, from small and mid-sized businesses to medium-sized regional businesses to global enterprise merchants. the depth and breadth of our omnichannel solutions, and flexibility to serve clients across various channels and geographies, drives higher product attach rates with new and existing clients across all verticals. furthermore, we believe that our strength in distribution, our progress growing software and services, and our value-based pricing as we continue to invest in our operating systems, gives us a solid foundation for growth.
financial institutions and other financial technology providers financial services providers regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions and other financial technology providers continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. at the same time, the evolving global regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. these conditions are driving heightened interest in solutions that help financial institutions win and retain customers, generate revenue, comply with regulations and enhance operating efficiency. in addition, the focus on the customer experience, including through mobile and online engagement, by both financial institutions and their customers, as well as the growing volume and types of payment transactions in the marketplace, continues to elevate the data and transaction processing needs of financial institutions.
financial institutions must now be able to serve their customers with tailored solutions, delivered how and when those customers want. this requires financial institutions to not only process their transactions, but to integrate their products and services to give customers easy access to such integrated solutions, when they need it. financial institutions are striving for this single, integrated view of a customer's activity. we believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. we have invested in integrating our platforms and value-added solutions to make it easy for a client to buy across our full product suite.
we expect that financial institutions and other financial technology providers will continue to invest significant capital to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environmental shift from traditional to digital banking. we believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including a unified, seamless customer experience across mobile and online channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us.
our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. rather than reducing the overall market, these consolidations transfer accounts among financial institutions. if a client loss occurs due to merger or acquisition, we typically receive a contract termination fee based on the size of the client and how early in the contract term the contract is terminated. we believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth.
recent market conditions global macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation, bank failures, disruptions in the global supply chain, changes in consumer spending, the effects of international hostilities and regulations restricting trade or impacting our ability to offer products or services, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. while bank failures in early 2023 created uncertainty in the global financial markets, they did not have a material impact on our operating results. however, future bank failures could impact our receivable collections and cash flows or affect our ability to find merchant alliance partners. in addition, in recent years, we have observed increased shortages and delays in the global supply chain for components and inputs necessary to our businesses, such as point-of-sale devices, semiconductors, paper and plastic, and may experience difficulty procuring those components and inputs in the future on a timely basis or at historical prices. personal consumption and consumer savings growth in the u.s. are expected to be lower in 2024, which may also negatively impact our business and financial results. we actively monitor and manage our business in response to these unpredictable geopolitical and market conditions, as they may adversely impact our operations and financial results.
in addition, our operating results in certain foreign countries in which we operate may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in exchange rates for currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound sterling and argentine peso. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against certain foreign currencies in countries in which we operate would negatively impact our revenue and earnings. we also have exposure to risks related to currency devaluation in certain countries, which may negatively impact our international operating results if there is a prolonged devaluation of local currencies relative to the u.s. dollar or if the economic conditions in these countries decline. while the majority of our revenue is earned domestically, we actively monitor the foreign exchange rate environment in an effort to manage these risks.
the operations of our argentina subsidiary are experiencing higher interest rates and higher inflation as compared to historical averages. we expect the anticipated benefits in 2024 of higher transitory revenue from above-average interest and inflation may be offset in whole or in part by foreign currency exchange losses related to a significant devaluation of the argentine peso.
for discussion of risks related to potential impacts of supply chain, geopolitical and macroeconomic challenges on our business, results of operations and financial condition, see "part i. item 1a. risk factors." for management's assessment of market risks, including interest rate and foreign currency risks, see "part ii. item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, including for recently adopted accounting pronouncements, and base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe are reasonable in light of current circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ materially from these estimates.
acquisitions from time to time, we make strategic acquisitions that may have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. we allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. the determination of fair value requires estimates about discount rates, growth and retention rates, royalty rates, expected future cash flows and other future events that are judgmental in nature. while we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of income. we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. additional information regarding our acquisitions is included in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets we review the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, which is one level below our reportable segments. when reviewing goodwill for impairment, we consider the prior test's amount of excess fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit, the period of time since a reporting unit's last quantitative test, the extent a reorganization or disposition changes the composition of one or more of our reporting units, and other factors to determine whether or not to first perform a qualitative test. when performing a qualitative test, we assess numerous factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than their respective carrying values. examples of qualitative factors that we assess include our share price, our financial performance, market and competitive factors in our industry and other events specific to our reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative impairment test.
the quantitative impairment test compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, and recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, without exceeding the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit using both a discounted cash flow analysis and a market approach. determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions.
our most recent annual impairment assessment of our reporting units in the fourth quarter of 2023 determined that our goodwill of $37.2 billion was not impaired as the estimated fair values of the respective reporting units exceeded the carrying values. however, for three of our reporting units, with aggregate goodwill of $10.8 billion, the excess of the respective reporting unit's fair value over carrying value ranged from 16 to 36 percent. if future operating performance is below our expectations or there are material changes to forecasted revenue growth rates or operating margins, risk-adjusted discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates, effective income tax rates, or some combination thereof, a decline in the fair value of the reporting units could result in, and we may be required to record, a goodwill impairment charge. additionally, a significant change in a merchant alliance business relationship or operating performance could result in a material goodwill impairment charge. it is also reasonably possible that future developments related to the interest rate environment, a shift in strategic initiatives, or significant changes in the composition of certain of our reporting units could have a future material impact on one or more of the estimates and assumptions used to evaluate goodwill impairment. we have no accumulated goodwill impairment through december 31, 2023. additional information regarding our goodwill is included in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
we review intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. we review capitalized software development costs for impairment at each reporting date. recoverability of intangible assets is assessed by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to either the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or the net realizable value of the asset, depending on the type of asset. determining future cash flows and net realizable values involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions regarding future economic and market conditions. measurement of any impairment loss is based on estimated fair value. additional information regarding our intangible assets is included in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. given the significance of our goodwill and intangible asset balances, an adverse change in fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, and excludes any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. as a practical expedient, we do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of a significant financing component if, at contract inception, the period between customer payment and the transfer of goods or services is expected to be one year or less. contracts with customers are evaluated on a contract-by-contract basis as contracts may include multiple types of goods and services as described below.
processing and services processing and services revenue is generated from account- and transaction-based fees for data processing, merchant transaction processing and acquiring, electronic billing and payment services, electronic funds transfer and debit/credit processing services; consulting and professional services; and software maintenance for ongoing client support.
we recognize processing and services revenue in the period in which the specific service is performed unless they are not deemed distinct from other goods or services, which revenue would then be recognized as control is transferred of the combined goods and services. our arrangements for processing and services typically consist of an obligation to provide specific services to our customers on a when- and if-needed basis (a stand-ready obligation) and revenue is recognized from the satisfaction of the performance obligations in the amount billable to the customer. these services are typically provided under a fixed or declining (tier-based) price per unit based on volume of service; however, pricing for services may also be based on minimum monthly usage fees. fees for our processing and services arrangements are typically billed and paid on a monthly basis.
product product revenue is generated from print and card production sales, as well as software license and hardware (primarily pos devices) sales. for software license agreements that are distinct, we recognize software license revenue upon delivery, assuming a contract is deemed to exist. revenue for arrangements with customers that include significant customization, modification or production of software such that the software is not distinct is typically recognized over time based upon efforts expended, such as labor hours, to measure progress towards completion. for arrangements involving hosted licensed software for the customer, a software element is considered present to the extent the customer has the contractual right to take possession of the software at any time during the hosting period without significant penalty and it is feasible for the customer to either operate the software on their own hardware or contract with another vendor to host the software. we sell or lease hardware (pos devices) and other peripherals as part of our contracts with customers. hardware typically consists of terminals or clover devices. we do not manufacture hardware, rather we purchase hardware from third-party vendors and hold such hardware in inventory until purchased by a customer. we account for the sale of hardware as a separate performance obligation and recognize the revenue at the standalone selling price when the customer obtains control of the hardware.
significant judgments we use the following methods, inputs and assumptions in determining amounts of revenue to recognize. for multi-element arrangements, we account for individual goods or services as a separate performance obligation if they are distinct, if the good or service is separately identifiable from other items in the arrangement, and if a customer can benefit from the good or service on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. if these criteria are not met, the promised goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. determining whether goods or services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment.
technology or service components from third parties are frequently embedded in or combined with our applications or service offerings. whether we recognize revenue based on the gross amount billed to a customer or the net amount retained involves judgment that depends on the relevant facts and circumstances, including the level of contractual responsibilities and obligations for delivering solutions to end customers, to determine whether we obtain control of goods and services prior to their transfer to a customer.
the transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring products or services to the customer. we include any fixed charges within our contracts as part of the total transaction price. to the extent that variable consideration is not constrained, we include an estimate of the variable amount, as appropriate, within the total transaction price and update our assumptions over the duration of the contract. we may constrain the estimated transaction price in the event of a high degree of uncertainty as to the final consideration amount owed because of an extended length of time over which the fees may be adjusted. the transaction price (including any discounts or rebates) is allocated between distinct goods and services in a multi-element arrangement based on their relative standalone selling prices. for items that are not sold separately, we estimate the standalone selling prices using available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines. judgment may be required to determine standalone selling prices for each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount we expect to receive in exchange for the related good or service.
contract modifications occur when we and our customers agree to modify existing customer contracts to change the scope or price (or both) of the contract, or when a customer terminates some, or all, of the existing services provided by us. when a contract modification occurs, it requires us to exercise judgment to determine if the modification should be accounted for as (i) a separate contract, (ii) the termination of the original contract and creation of a new contract, or (iii) a cumulative catch up adjustment to the original contract. further, contract modifications require the identification and evaluation of the performance obligations of the modified contract, including the allocation of revenue to the remaining performance obligations and the period of recognition for each identified performance obligation. additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies is included in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires management's judgment in the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, including certain complexities attributed to our global footprint. judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. we establish a liability for known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. in establishing a liability for known tax exposures, assumptions are made in determining whether, and the extent to which, a tax position will be sustained. a tax benefit with respect to a tax position is recognized only when it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority, based on its technical merits, considering the facts and circumstances available as of the reporting date. the amount of tax benefit recognized reflects the largest benefit that we believe is more likely than not to be realized on settlement with the relevant taxing authority. as additional information becomes available, we evaluate our tax positions and appropriately adjust our liability for known tax exposures.
we maintain net operating loss carryforwards in various taxing jurisdictions, resulting in the establishment of deferred tax assets. we establish a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets when, based upon the weight of all available evidence, we believe it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we have considered the relative impact of all of the available positive and negative evidence regarding future sources of taxable income and available tax planning strategies. however, there could be a material impact to our effective income tax rate if there is a significant change in our judgment. to the extent our judgment changes, the valuation allowances are then adjusted as appropriate, generally through the provision for income taxes, in the period in which the change in facts and circumstances occurs. additional information regarding our income taxes is included in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations components of revenue and expenses the following summary describes the components of revenue and expenses as presented in our consolidated statements of income.
processing and services processing and services revenue, which represented 82% of our total revenue in 2023, is primarily generated from account- and transaction-based fees under multi-year contracts. processing and services revenue is most reflective of our business performance as a significant amount of our total operating profit is generated by these services. cost of processing and services consists of costs directly associated with providing services to clients and includes the following: personnel; equipment and data communication; infrastructure costs, including costs to maintain software applications; client support; certain depreciation and amortization; and other operating expenses.
product product revenue, which represented 18% of our total revenue in 2023, is derived from print and card production sales, as well as software license and hardware (primarily pos devices) sales. cost of product consists of costs directly associated with the products sold and includes the following: costs of materials and postage; software development; hardware costs (primarily pos devices); personnel; infrastructure costs; certain depreciation and amortization; and other costs directly associated with product revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of: salaries, wages, commissions and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management; third-party commissions; advertising and promotional costs; certain depreciation and amortization; and other selling and administrative expenses.
financial results the following table presents certain amounts included in our consolidated statements of income, the relative percentage that those amounts represent to revenue and the change in those amounts from year to year. this information should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. the financial results presented below have been affected by acquisitions, dispositions, and foreign currency fluctuations.
year ended december 31,
2023                                                                                                                                     2022                                                  percentage of revenue (1)                                                       increase (decrease)
(in millions)                                                                                                                                              2023                       2022                                          $                              %
revenue:
processing and services                                                                                    $15,630                 $14,460                                       81.9    %                     81.5    %                                 $1,170                             8    %
product                                                                                                      3,463                   3,277                                       18.1    %                     18.5    %                                    186                             6    %
total revenue                                                                                               19,093                  17,737                                      100.0    %                    100.0    %                                  1,356                             8    %
expenses:
cost of processing and services                                                                              5,332                   5,771                                       34.1    %                     39.9    %                                  (439)                           (8)    %
cost of product                                                                                              2,338                   2,221                                       67.5    %                     67.8    %                                    117                             5    %
sub-total                                                                                                    7,670                   7,992                                       40.2    %                     45.1    %                                  (322)                           (4)    %
selling, general and administrative                                                                          6,576                   6,059                                       34.4    %                     34.2    %                                    517                             9    %
net gain on sale of businesses and other assets                                                              (167)                    (54)                                      (0.9)    %                    (0.3)    %                                    113                                n/m total expenses                                                                                              14,079                  13,997                                       73.7    %                     78.9    %                                     82                             1    %
operating income                                                                                             5,014                   3,740                                       26.3    %                     21.1    %                                  1,274                            34    %
interest expense, net                                                                                        (976)                   (733)                                      (5.1)    %                    (4.1)    %                                    243                            33    %
other expense, net                                                                                           (140)                    (94)                                      (0.7)    %                    (0.5)    %                                     46                            49    %
income before income taxes and (loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates                   3,898                   2,913                                       20.4    %                     16.4    %                                    985                            34    %
income tax provision                                                                                         (754)                   (551)                                      (3.9)    %                    (3.1)    %                                    203                            37    %
(loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates                                                   (15)                     220                                      (0.1)    %                      1.2    %                                  (235)                                n/m net income                                                                                                   3,129                   2,582                                       16.4    %                     14.6    %                                    547                            21    %
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests               61                      52                                        0.3    %                      0.3    %                                      9                            17    %
net income attributable to fiserv, inc.                                                                     $3,068                  $2,530                                       16.1    %                     14.3    %                                   $538                            21    %
(1)percentage of revenue is calculated as the relevant revenue, expense, or income amount divided by total revenue, except for cost of processing and services and cost of product amounts, which are divided by the related component of revenue.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                  acceptance                    fintech                   payments                    corporate                      total and other total revenue:
2023                                         $8,132                     $3,171                     $6,696                       $1,094                    $19,093
2022                                          7,292                      3,170                      6,262                        1,013                     17,737
revenue growth                                 $840                         $1                       $434                          $81                     $1,356
revenue growth percentage                        12     %                    -     %                    7     %                                                 8     %
operating income (loss):
2023                                         $2,856                     $1,159                     $3,189                     $(2,190)                     $5,014
2022                                          2,321                      1,157                      2,823                      (2,561)                      3,740
operating income growth                        $535                         $2                       $366                         $371                     $1,274
operating income growth percentage               23     %                    -     %                   13     %                                                34     %
operating margin:
2023                                           35.1     %                 36.6     %                 47.6     %                                              26.3     %
2022                                           31.8     %                 36.5     %                 45.1     %                                              21.1     %
operating margin growth (1)                     330   bps                   10   bps                  250   bps                                               520   bps
(1)represents the basis point growth in operating margin.
operating margin percentages are calculated using actual, unrounded amounts.
total revenue total revenue increased $1,356 million, or 8%, in 2023 compared to 2022. the revenue increase was primarily driven by higher global processing revenue, partially offset by a 3% decrease due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in 2023.
revenue in our acceptance segment increased $840 million, or 12%, in 2023 compared to 2022. the revenue increase was driven by higher merchant acquiring payment volume, primarily from our international operations, as well as higher global merchant acquiring transaction volume. the revenue increase also included contributions from our clover and carat operating systems and the expansion of our merchant relationships through value-added services. acceptance segment revenue growth was partially offset by an 8% decrease due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations in 2023.
revenue in our fintech segment was relatively flat in 2023 compared to 2022. an increase in fintech segment processing revenue was primarily offset by a $54 million decrease in license and termination fee revenue in 2023.
revenue in our payments segment increased $434 million, or 7%, in 2023 compared to 2022. in 2023, our debit and credit processing businesses each contributed 2% to payments segment revenue growth, primarily driven by an increase in debit transactions and active accounts, respectively. our zelle® and output solutions businesses each contributed 1% to payments segment revenue growth in 2023, driven by an increase in transactions and favorable product mix, respectively.
revenue at corporate and other increased $81 million, or 8%, in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily due to increased postage revenue from postage rate increases during 2023.
total expenses total expenses increased $82 million, or 1%, in 2023 compared to 2022. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased 520 basis points to 73.7% in 2023 compared to 2022. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were favorably impacted in 2023 by a reduction in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and severance costs of approximately 100 basis points and 70 basis points, respectively. total expenses as a percentage of total revenue were also favorably impacted by a $172 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our financial reconciliation business in 2023. the remaining decrease in total expenses as a percentage of total revenue was due to operating leverage across our various businesses.
cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue decreased to 34.1% in 2023 compared to 39.9% in 2022. cost of processing and services as a percentage of processing and services revenue was favorably impacted in 2023 by strong operating leverage accompanying scalable revenue growth and expense management initiatives.
cost of product as a percentage of product revenue decreased slightly to 67.5% in 2023 compared to 67.8% in 2022. the cost of product as a percentage of product revenue in 2023 was impacted by revenue mix between license fee and hardware revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue increased slightly to 34.4% in 2023 compared to 34.2% in 2022. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue in 2023 included an increase in personnel costs and payments to our distribution partners, offset by a reduction in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets of approximately 90 basis points.
the net gain on sale of businesses and other assets in 2023 primarily included a $172 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our financial reconciliation business. the net gain on sale of businesses and other assets in 2022 of $54 million included a $137 million pre-tax gain from the sale of certain merchant contracts in conjunction with the mutual termination of one of our merchant alliance joint ventures and a $44 million pre-tax gain from the sale of fiserv costa rica, s.a. and our sis operations. the gains in 2022 were partially offset by a $127 million pre-tax loss from the sale of our korea operations.
operating income and operating margin total operating income increased $1,274 million, or 34%, in 2023 compared to 2022. total operating margin increased 520 basis points to 26.3% in 2023 compared to 2022. total operating income and total operating margin benefited from scalable revenue growth, along with a reduction in amortization of acquisition related intangible assets and severance costs. total operating margin in 2023 was also favorably impacted by a $172 million pre-tax gain from the sale of our financial reconciliation business.
operating income in our acceptance segment increased $535 million, or 23%, in 2023 compared to 2022. operating margin increased 330 basis points to 35.1% in 2023 compared to 2022. operating income and operating margin growth in our acceptance segment was primarily due to operating leverage.
operating income and operating margin in our fintech segment was relatively flat in 2023 compared to 2022. operating income and operating margin growth in our fintech segment from operating leverage and expense management initiatives was primarily offset by a $54 million decrease in high margin license and termination fee revenue.
operating income in our payments segment increased $366 million, or 13%, in 2023 compared to 2022. operating margin increased 250 basis points to 47.6% in 2023 compared to 2022. payments segment operating income and margin growth in 2023 was primarily due to scalable revenue growth from our debit and credit processing businesses, as well as expense management initiatives in 2023.
the operating loss in corporate and other decreased $371 million in 2023 compared to 2022. the operating loss in 2023 was favorably impacted by a reduction of $191 million and $135 million in amortization of acquisition related intangible assets and severance costs, respectively. the operating loss in 2023 included a $172 million pre-tax gain on the sale of our financial reconciliation business and in 2022 a $54 million net pre-tax gain, attributed to the sale of businesses and other assets, as described above.
interest expense, net interest expense, net increased $243 million, or 33%, in 2023 compared to 2022 due to our public offering and issuance of $1.8 billion, 800 million euros and $2.0 billion of higher fixed-rate senior notes in march 2023, may 2023 and august 2023, respectively, as well as increased variable rate borrowings associated with our settlement advance cash program in latin america.
other expense, net other expense, net increased $46 million in 2023 compared to 2022. other expense, net includes foreign currency transaction gains and losses, gains or losses from a change in fair value of investments in certain equity securities, and amounts related to debt guarantee arrangements of certain joint ventures. net foreign currency transaction losses increased $114 million in 2023, including devaluation losses from the remeasurement of our argentina subsidiary's monetary assets and liabilities in argentina's highly inflationary economy. other expense, net in 2022 included net pre-tax expense of $48 million associated with joint venture debt guarantees.
income tax provision income tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes and (loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates was 19.3% and 18.9% in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the effective income tax rate for both 2023 and 2022 included discrete tax benefits from subsidiary restructurings and equity compensation related tax benefits. the effective income tax rate for 2023 also included tax benefits from the purchase of transferable federal tax credits.
(loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates our share of net (loss) income from unconsolidated affiliates accounted for using the equity method is reported as (loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, and the related tax benefit (expense) is reported within the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income. (loss) income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates, including acquired intangible asset amortization from valuations in purchase accounting, was $(15) million and $220 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. income from investments in unconsolidated affiliates in 2022 included pre-tax net gains totaling $209 million, primarily related to the acquisition-date fair value remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in finxact of $110 million, as well as $80 million resulting from the dilution of our ownership interest in conjunction with the sagent m&c, llc transaction with a third party.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests relates to the minority partners' share of the net income in our consolidated subsidiaries. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, including acquired intangible asset amortization from valuations in purchase accounting, was $61 million and $52 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
net income per share - diluted net income attributable to fiserv, inc. per share-diluted was $4.98 and $3.91 in 2023 and 2022, respectively. in addition to the favorable impacts to net income attributable to fiserv, inc. described above, we repurchased 40.0 million shares of our common stock, reducing diluted weighted average outstanding shares by 5% for the full year.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary liquidity needs in the ordinary course of business are to: (i) fund normal operating expenses; (ii) meet the interest and principal requirements of our outstanding indebtedness, including finance leases; and (iii) fund capital expenditures and operating lease payments. we believe these needs will be satisfied in both the short and long term using cash flow generated by our operations, along with our cash and cash equivalents of $1.2 billion, proceeds from the issuance of u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility of $2.2 billion (net of outstanding revolver borrowings and $3.8 billion of capacity designated for outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs, senior notes due in 2024 and letters of credit) at december 31, 2023.
the following table summarizes our net cash provided by operating activities, or operating cash flow, and capital expenditures:
year ended                                   increase (decrease)
december 31,
(in millions)                                                                             2023                        2022                                      $   %
net income                                                                          $3,129                      $2,582                   $547
depreciation and amortization                                                        3,162                       3,212                   (50)
share-based compensation                                                               342                         323                     19
deferred income taxes                                                                (511)                       (558)                     47
net gain on sale of businesses and other assets                                      (167)                        (54)                  (113)
loss (income) from investments in unconsolidated affiliates                             15                       (220)                    235
distributions from unconsolidated affiliates                                            55                          73                   (18)
non-cash impairment charges                                                              -                          14                   (14)
net changes in working capital and other                                             (863)                       (754)                  (109)
net cash provided by operating activities                                           $5,162                      $4,618                   $544                            12   %
capital expenditures, including capitalized software and other intangibles          $1,388                      $1,479                  $(91)                       (6)       %
our operating cash flow was $5.2 billion in 2023, an increase of 12% compared with $4.6 billion in 2022. this increase was attributable to improved profitability and corresponding cash flows, partially offset by higher working capital use.
we maintain investments in various affiliates that are accounted for as equity method investments. total distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, including those classified as cash flows from investing activities, were $191 million and $211 million during 2023 and 2022, respectively.
our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to fund capital expenditures, share repurchases, acquisitions and to repay debt rather than to pay dividends. our capital expenditures were approximately 7% and 8% of our total revenue in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
cash requirements the following table details our future cash requirements under certain contractual obligations at december 31, 2023:
(in millions)                                                       total                  less than                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                  more than
1 year                                                                          5 years long-term debt, including interest (1) (2)                    $28,937                   $1,576                     $5,322                     $9,120                    $12,919
minimum finance lease payments (1)                                686                      216                        336                        128                          6
minimum operating lease payments (1) (2)                          946                      131                        239                        190                        386
purchase obligations (1) (3)                                    1,890                      688                        768                        292                        142
income tax obligations                                             84                        5                         10                         23                         46
total                                                         $32,543                   $2,616                     $6,675                     $9,753                    $13,499
(1)interest, finance lease, operating lease and purchase obligations are reported on a pre-tax basis.
(2)the calculations assume that only mandatory debt repayments are made, no additional refinancing or lending occurs, except for our 2.750% senior notes due in july 2024, and u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper notes programs as we have the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis through the issuance of new commercial paper notes upon maturity, and we have the ability to do so under our revolving credit facility maturing in june 2027. the variable rate on the revolving credit facility is priced at the rate in effect at december 31, 2023.
(3)represents enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services based on signed contracts as of december 31, 2023.
share repurchases on august 8, 2023, we repurchased 4.1 million shares of our common stock for $121.98 per share in a privately negotiated transaction with valueact capital master fund, l.p. for an aggregate purchase price of $500 million. including this transaction, we repurchased $4.7 billion and $2.5 billion of our common stock in 2023 and 2022, respectively. on february 22, 2023, our board of directors approved a repurchase authorization for an additional 75.0 million shares. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately 52.0 million shares remaining under our then existing repurchase authorization. shares repurchased are generally held for issuance in connection with our equity plans.
acquisitions and dispositions acquisitions of businesses we acquired skytef in october 2023 and sled in november 2023 for an aggregate purchase price, including hold-backs, of approximately $17 million. we acquired yacaré and merchant one in december 2022, nextable in september 2022 and city pos in june 2022. additionally, we acquired the remaining majority controlling ownership interest in finxact in april 2022. we acquired these businesses in 2022 for an aggregate purchase price of $994 million, net of $28 million of acquired cash, and including earn-out provisions estimated at a fair value of $6 million.
we funded these acquisitions by utilizing a combination of available cash and proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper. the results of operations for these acquired businesses are included in our consolidated results from the respective dates of acquisition.
dispositions of businesses we sold our financial reconciliation business in july 2023 for cash proceeds of $235 million. net proceeds from the sale were primarily used to pay down indebtedness and repurchase shares of our common stock.
we sold fiserv costa rica, s.a. and our sis operations in october 2022 and our korea operations in september 2022 for aggregate net cash proceeds of $77 million, along with a minority noncontrolling equity interest in the buyer of the korea operations. the net proceeds from these dispositions were primarily used to pay down indebtedness and repurchase shares of our common stock.
other transactions in september 2023, we acquired the remaining 49% ownership interest in european merchant services b.v., in which we previously held a majority controlling financial interest in this consolidated subsidiary, for $56 million. we funded this transaction by utilizing a combination of available cash and proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper.
effective march 2022, we mutually agreed to terminate a merchant alliance joint venture with a minority partner. in conjunction with such termination, the joint venture minority partner elected to exercise its option to purchase certain additional merchant contracts of the joint venture for cash proceeds of $175 million. the net proceeds from this transaction were primarily used to pay down indebtedness and repurchase shares of our common stock.
indebtedness our debt consisted of the following at:
december 31,
(in millions)                     2023                        2022
short-term and current maturities of long-term debt:
foreign lines of credit                 $442                        $198
finance lease and other financing obligations                  313                         270
total short-term and current maturities of long-term debt                 $755                        $468
long-term debt:
0.375% senior notes due july 2023 (euro-denominated)                   $-                        $531
3.800% senior notes due october 2023                    -                       1,000
2.750% senior notes due july 2024                2,000                       2,000
3.850% senior notes due june 2025                  900                         900
2.250% senior notes due july 2025 (british pound-denominated)                  672                         632
3.200% senior notes due july 2026                2,000                       2,000
2.250% senior notes due june 2027                1,000                       1,000
1.125% senior notes due july 2027 (euro-denominated)                  555                         531
5.450% senior notes due march 2028                  900                           -
5.375% senior notes due august 2028                  700                           -
4.200% senior notes due october 2028                1,000                       1,000
3.500% senior notes due july 2029                3,000                       3,000
2.650% senior notes due june 2030                1,000                       1,000
1.625% senior notes due july 2030 (euro-denominated)                  555                         531
4.500% senior notes due may 2031 (euro-denominated)                  889                           -
3.000% senior notes due july 2031 (british pound-denominated)                  672                         632
5.600% senior notes due march 2033                  900                           -
5.625% senior notes due august 2033                1,300                           -
4.400% senior notes due july 2049                2,000                       2,000
u.s. dollar commercial paper notes                  418                       2,329
euro commercial paper notes                1,321                       1,210
revolving credit facility                   74                          35
term loan facility                    -                         200
unamortized discount and deferred financing costs                (145)                       (120)
finance lease and other financing obligations                  652                         539
total long-term debt              $22,363                     $20,950
in august 2023, we completed the public offering and issuance of $2.0 billion of senior notes, comprised of $700 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due in august 2028 and $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due in august 2033. in may 2023, we completed the public offering and issuance of 800 million euros aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior notes due in may 2031. in march 2023, we completed the public offering and issuance of $1.8 billion of senior notes, comprised of $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.450% senior notes due in march 2028 and $900 million aggregate principal amount of 5.600% senior notes due in march 2033. we used the net proceeds from these senior notes offerings for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of u.s. dollar commercial paper notes, share repurchases, the repayment of the 0.375% euro-denominated senior notes in july 2023 and the repayment of the 3.800% senior notes in october 2023.
at december 31, 2023, our debt consisted primarily of $20.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes and $1.7 billion of outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs. interest on our u.s. dollar-denominated senior notes is paid semi-annually, while interest on our euro and british pound-denominated senior notes is paid annually. interest on our revolving credit facility and commercial paper notes is generally paid weekly, or more frequently on occasion, and interest on our term loan was paid monthly.
at december 31, 2023, the 2.750% senior notes due in july 2024 were classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term, as we have the intent to refinance this debt on a long-term basis and the ability to do so under our revolving credit facility. outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper programs are also classified in the consolidated balance sheet as long-term, as we have the intent to refinance this commercial paper on a long-term basis through the continued issuance of new commercial paper upon maturity, and also have the ability to refinance such commercial paper under our revolving credit facility.
variable rate debt our variable rate debt consisted of the following at december 31, 2023:
(in millions)                             maturity                weighted-average interest rate                 outstanding borrowings foreign lines of credit                   n/a                                            63.060%                         $442
u.s. dollar commercial paper notes        various                                         5.454%                          418
euro commercial paper notes               various                                         4.029%                        1,321
revolving credit facility                 june 2027                                       6.450%                           74
total variable rate debt                                                                 15.882%                       $2,255
we maintain certain short-term lines of credit and other borrowing arrangements with foreign banks and alliance partners primarily to fund settlement activity associated with operations in latin america. we entered into an annually renewable term loan facility, which was fully funded in april 2023, to fund settlement advance cash payments in brazil. this term loan has a notional value of 514 million brazilian real ($106 million u.s. dollar equivalent) at december 31, 2023 that matures in april 2024 and bears interest at a variable certificado de depósito interbancário (cdi) rate, plus a specified margin of 1.70% per annum.
the following table provides a summary of the outstanding borrowings and weighted average interest rates of our foreign lines of credit and other borrowing arrangements by country at december 31, 2023:
outstanding borrowings (in millions)   weighted-average interest rate argentina                                $208                                                                   121.581   %
brazil                                    123                                                                    13.500   %
uruguay                                    55                                                                    11.125   %
other                                      56                                                                     4.912   %
total                                    $442                                                                    63.060   %
we maintain unsecured u.s. dollar and euro commercial paper programs with various maturities generally ranging from one day to four months. outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper programs bear interest based on the prevailing rates at the time of issuance.
we also maintain a senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, which matures in june 2027 and provides for a maximum aggregate principal amount of availability of $6.0 billion. borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at a variable rate based on a secured overnight financing rate (sofr) or a base rate in the case of u.s. dollar borrowings, in each case, plus a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time. we are required to pay a facility fee based on the aggregate commitments in effect under the credit agreement from time to time.
in june 2023, we repaid all remaining outstanding borrowings on our existing term loan facility utilizing proceeds from the issuance of u.s. dollar commercial paper notes and operating cash on hand, thereby terminating such facility. borrowings under the term loan facility accrued interest at a variable rate based on one-month libor or on a base rate, plus, in each case, a specified margin based on our long-term debt rating in effect from time to time.
debt covenants and compliance the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that, among other matters, limit (i) our ability to consolidate or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, another person, (ii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to create or assume liens, and (iii) our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in sale and leaseback transactions. we may, at our option, redeem the senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, at the applicable redemption price.
the revolving credit facility contains various restrictions and covenants that require us to, among other things, limit our consolidated indebtedness as of the end of each fiscal quarter to no more than 3.75 times our consolidated net income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, non-cash charges and expenses and certain other adjustments during the period of four fiscal quarters then ended, subject to certain exceptions.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial debt covenants. our ability to meet future debt covenant requirements will depend on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. we expect to remain in compliance with all terms and conditions associated with our outstanding debt, including financial debt covenants.
debt guarantees we maintain noncontrolling ownership interests in sagent m&c, llc and defi solutions group, llc (collectively, the "lending joint ventures"). the lending joint ventures maintain, as amended in april 2022, variable-rate term loan facilities with aggregate outstanding borrowings of $437 million in senior unsecured debt at december 31, 2023 and variable-rate revolving credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $83 million with a syndicate of banks, which mature in april 2027. there were $24 million of outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facilities at december 31, 2023. we have guaranteed the debt of the lending joint ventures and do not anticipate that the lending joint ventures will fail to fulfill their debt obligations. we maintained a liability of $31 million at december 31, 2023 for the estimated fair value of our non-contingent obligations to stand ready to perform over the term of the guarantee arrangements. such guarantees will be amortized in future periods over the contractual term of the debt. in addition, we maintained a contingent liability of $23 million at december 31, 2023, representing the current expected credit losses to which we are exposed. this contingent liability is estimated based on certain financial metrics of the lending joint ventures and historical industry data, which is used to develop assumptions of the likelihood the guaranteed parties will default and the level of credit losses in the event a default occurs. we have not made any payments under the guarantees, nor have we been called upon to do so.
other access to capital markets impacts our cost of capital and our ability to refinance maturing debt and fund future acquisitions. our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, perception of our potential future earnings and the market price of our common stock. as of december 31, 2023, we had a corporate credit rating of baa2 with a stable outlook from moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's") and bbb with a stable outlook from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") on our senior unsecured debt securities. as of december 31, 2023, we had a commercial paper credit rating of p-2 from moody's and a-2 from s&p.
the interest rates payable on certain of our senior notes and commercial paper notes programs are subject to adjustment from time to time if moody's or s&p changes the debt rating applicable to the notes. if the ratings from moody's or s&p decrease below investment grade, the per annum interest rates on certain senior notes are subject to increase by up to two percent. in no event will the total increase in the per annum interest rates exceed two percent above the original interest rates, nor will the per annum interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate applicable to the senior notes.
cash and cash equivalents investments, exclusive of settlement assets, with original maturities of 90 days or less that are readily convertible to cash are considered to be cash equivalents as reflected within our consolidated balance sheets.
the table below details our cash and cash equivalents held at:
december 31,
(in millions)                    2023                      2022
available                    $450                      $288
unavailable (1)               754                       614
total                      $1,204                      $902
(1)represents cash held by our joint ventures that is not available to fund operations outside of those entities unless the board of directors of the relevant entity declares a dividend, as well as cash held by other entities that are subject to foreign exchange controls in certain countries or regulatory capital requirements.