item 1a item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock.
strategic and competitive risks we face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins.
competition in the technology sector our competitors range in size from diversified global companies with significant research and development resources to small, specialized firms whose narrower product lines may let them be more effective in deploying technical, marketing, and financial resources. barriers to entry in many of our businesses are low and many of the areas in which we compete evolve rapidly with changing and disruptive technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers.
competition among platform-based ecosystems an important element of our business model has been to create platform-based ecosystems on which many participants can build diverse solutions. a well-established ecosystem creates beneficial network effects among users, application developers, and the platform provider that can accelerate growth. establishing significant scale in the marketplace is necessary to achieve and maintain attractive margins. we face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms.
•a competing vertically-integrated model, in which a single firm controls the software and hardware elements of a product and related services, has succeeded with some consumer products such as personal computers, tablets, phones, gaming consoles, wearables, and other endpoint devices. competitors pursuing this model also earn revenue from services integrated with the hardware and software platform, including applications and content sold through their integrated marketplaces. they may also be able to claim security and performance benefits from their vertically integrated offer. we also offer some vertically-integrated hardware and software products and services. to the extent we shift a portion of our business to a vertically integrated model we increase our cost of revenue and reduce our operating margins.
•we derive substantial revenue from licenses of windows operating systems on pcs. we face significant competition from competing platforms developed for new devices and form factors such as smartphones and tablet computers. these devices compete on multiple bases including price and the perceived utility of the device and its platform. users are increasingly turning to these devices to perform functions that in the past were performed by personal computers. even if many users view these devices as complementary to a personal computer, the prevalence of these devices may make it more difficult to attract application developers to our pc operating system platforms. competing with operating systems licensed at low or no cost may decrease our pc operating system margins. popular products or services offered on competing platforms could increase their competitive strength. in addition, some of our devices compete with products made by our original equipment manufacturer ("oem") partners, which may affect their commitment to our platform.
•competing platforms have content and application marketplaces with scale and significant installed bases. the variety and utility of content and applications available on a platform are important to device purchasing decisions. users may incur costs to move data and buy new content and applications when switching platforms. to compete, we must successfully enlist developers to write applications for our platform and ensure that these applications have high quality, security, customer appeal, and value. efforts to compete with competitors' content and application marketplaces may increase our cost of revenue and lower our operating margins. competitors' rules governing their content and applications marketplaces may restrict our ability to distribute products and services through them in accordance with our technical and business model objectives.
part i item 1a business model competition companies compete with us based on a growing variety of business models.
•even as we transition more of our business to infrastructure-, platform-, and software-as-a-service business model, the license-based proprietary software model generates a substantial portion of our software revenue. we bear the costs of converting original ideas into software products through investments in research and development, offsetting these costs with the revenue received from licensing our products. many of our competitors also develop and sell software to businesses and consumers under this model.
•we are investing in artificial intelligence ("ai") across the entire company and infusing generative ai capabilities into our consumer and commercial offerings. we expect ai technology and services to be a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market. we will bear significant development and operational costs to build and support the ai capabilities, products, and services necessary to meet the needs of our customers. to compete effectively we must also be responsive to technological change, potential regulatory developments, and public scrutiny.
•other competitors develop and offer free applications, online services, and content, and make money by selling third-party advertising. advertising revenue funds development of products and services these competitors provide to users at no or little cost, competing directly with our revenue-generating products.
•some companies compete with us by modifying and then distributing open source software at little or no cost to end users, using open source ai models, and earning revenue on advertising or integrated products and services. these firms do not bear the full costs of research and development for the open source products. some open source products mimic the features and functionality of our products.
the competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. this may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income.
our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. a growing part of our business involves cloud-based services available across the spectrum of computing devices. our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services that utilize ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence to drive insights and productivity gains. at the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services for consumers and business customers. pricing and delivery models are evolving. devices and form factors influence how users access services in the cloud and sometimes the user's choice of which cloud-based services to use. certain industries and customers have specific requirements for cloud services and may present enhanced risks. we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. the windows ecosystem must continue to evolve with this changing environment. we embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. our intelligent cloud and intelligent edge offerings are connected to the growth of the internet of things ("iot"), a network of distributed and interconnected devices employing sensors, data, and computing capabilities, including ai. our success in driving ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as azure, azure ai, and azure iot edge. we may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives.
besides software development costs, we are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services. these costs will reduce the operating margins we have previously achieved. whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including:
•continuing to bring to market compelling cloud-based experiences that generate increasing traffic and market share.
•maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices, including pcs, smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles, and other devices, as well as sensors and other iot endpoints.
•continuing to enhance the attractiveness of our cloud platforms to third-party developers.
•ensuring our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers and maintain the security of their data as well as help them meet their own compliance needs.
•making our suite of cloud-based services platform-agnostic, available on a wide range of devices and ecosystems, including those of our competitors.
part i item 1a it is uncertain whether our strategies will attract the users or generate the revenue required to succeed. if we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. this may negatively impact gross margins and operating income.
some users may engage in fraudulent or abusive activities through our cloud-based services. these include unauthorized use of accounts through stolen credentials, use of stolen credit cards or other payment vehicles, failure to pay for services accessed, or other activities that violate our terms of service such as cryptocurrency mining or launching cyberattacks. if our efforts to detect such violations or our actions to control these types of fraud and abuse are not effective, we may experience adverse impacts to our revenue or incur reputational damage.
risks relating to the evolution of our business we make significant investments in products and services that may not achieve expected returns. we will continue to make significant investments in research, development, and marketing for existing products, services, and technologies, including the windows operating system, microsoft 365, bing, sql server, windows server, azure, office 365, xbox, linkedin, and other products and services. in addition, we are focused on developing new ai platform services and incorporating ai into existing products and services. we also invest in the development and acquisition of a variety of hardware for productivity, communication, and entertainment, including pcs, tablets, gaming devices, and hololens. investments in new technology are speculative. commercial success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, developer support, and effective distribution and marketing. if customers do not perceive our latest offerings as providing significant new functionality or other value, they may reduce their purchases of new software and hardware products or upgrades, unfavorably affecting revenue. we may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all. new products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for some new products and businesses will not be as high as the margins we have experienced historically. we may not get engagement in certain features, like microsoft edge, bing, and bing chat, that drive post-sale monetization opportunities. our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny. perceptions of mismanagement, driven by regulatory activity or negative public reaction to our practices or product experiences, could negatively impact product and feature adoption, product design, and product quality.
developing new technologies is complex. it can require long development and testing periods. significant delays in new releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our revenue.
acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business. we expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. for example, in march 2021 we completed our acquisition of zenimax media inc. for $8.1 billion, and in march 2022 we completed our acquisition of nuance communications, inc. for $18.8 billion. in january 2022 we announced a definitive agreement to acquire activision blizzard, inc. for $68.7 billion. in january 2023 we announced the third phase of our openai strategic partnership. acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our investment, that they raise new compliance-related obligations and challenges, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business systems, and technology, that they distract management from our other businesses, or that announced transactions may not be completed. if an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination or renegotiation of the arrangement. the success of these transactions and arrangements will depend in part on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as acquired companies' ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, and cybersecurity. it may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits may ultimately be smaller than we expected. these events could adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
part i item 1a if our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. we acquire other companies and intangible assets and may not realize all the economic benefit from those acquisitions, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. we review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. we test goodwill for impairment at least annually. factors that may be a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. we have in the past recorded, and may in the future be required to record, a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations.
cybersecurity, data privacy, and platform abuse risks cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.
security of our information technology threats to it security can take a variety of forms. individual and groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states, continuously undertake attacks that pose threats to our customers and our it. these actors may use a wide variety of methods, which may include developing and deploying malicious software or exploiting vulnerabilities or intentionally designed processes in hardware, software, or other infrastructure in order to attack our products and services or gain access to our networks and datacenters, using social engineering techniques to induce our employees, users, partners, or customers to disclose passwords or other sensitive information or take other actions to gain access to our data or our users' or customers' data, or acting in a coordinated manner to launch distributed denial of service or other coordinated attacks. nation-state and state-sponsored actors can deploy significant resources to plan and carry out attacks. nation-state attacks against us, our customers, or our partners may intensify during periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in ukraine. inadequate account security or organizational security practices may also result in unauthorized access to confidential data. for example, system administrators may fail to timely remove employee account access when no longer appropriate. employees or third parties may intentionally compromise our or our users' security or systems or reveal confidential information. malicious actors may employ the it supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware.
cyberthreats are constantly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. we may have no current capability to detect certain vulnerabilities or new attack methods, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods of time. cyberthreats can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across our internal networks and systems and those of our partners and customers. breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers and protect the privacy of their data, result in product development delays, compromise confidential or technical business information harming our reputation or competitive position, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, subject us to ransomware attacks, require us to allocate more resources to improve technologies or remediate the impacts of attacks, or otherwise adversely affect our business. we are also subject to supply chain cyberattacks where malware can be introduced to a software provider's customers, including us, through software updates.
in addition, our internal it environment continues to evolve. often, we are early adopters of new devices and technologies. we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers using methods such as social networking and other consumer-oriented technologies. increasing use of generative ai models in our internal systems may create new attack methods for adversaries. our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge, or emerging cybersecurity regulations in jurisdictions worldwide.
part i item 1a security of our products, services, devices, and customers' data the security of our products and services is important in our customers' decisions to purchase or use our products or services across cloud and on-premises environments. security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. threats to our own it infrastructure can also affect our customers. customers using our cloud-based services rely on the security of our infrastructure, including hardware and other elements provided by third parties, to ensure the reliability of our services and the protection of their data. adversaries tend to focus their efforts on the most popular operating systems, programs, and services, including many of ours, and we expect that to continue. in addition, adversaries can attack our customers' on-premises or cloud environments, sometimes exploiting previously unknown ("zero day") vulnerabilities, such as occurred in early calendar year 2021 with several of our exchange server on-premises products. vulnerabilities in these or any product can persist even after we have issued security patches if customers have not installed the most recent updates, or if the attackers exploited the vulnerabilities before patching to install additional malware to further compromise customers' systems. adversaries will continue to attack customers using our cloud services as customers embrace digital transformation. adversaries that acquire user account information can use that information to compromise our users' accounts, including where accounts share the same attributes such as passwords. inadequate account security practices may also result in unauthorized access, and user activity may result in ransomware or other malicious software impacting a customer's use of our products or services. we are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products. there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that may make our products susceptible to cyberattacks. additionally, we are actively adding new generative ai features to our services. because generative ai is a new field, understanding of security risks and protection methods continues to develop; features that rely on generative ai may be susceptible to unanticipated security threats from sophisticated adversaries.
our customers operate complex it systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors that may include systems acquired over many years. they expect our products and services to support all these systems and products, including those that no longer incorporate the strongest current security advances or standards. as a result, we may not be able to discontinue support in our services for a product, service, standard, or feature solely because a more secure alternative is available. failure to utilize the most current security advances and standards can increase our customers' vulnerability to attack. further, customers of widely varied size and technical sophistication use our technology, and consequently may still have limited capabilities and resources to help them adopt and implement state of the art cybersecurity practices and technologies. in addition, we must account for this wide variation of technical sophistication when defining default settings for our products and services, including security default settings, as these settings may limit or otherwise impact other aspects of it operations and some customers may have limited capability to review and reset these defaults.
cyberattacks may adversely impact our customers even if our production services are not directly compromised. we are committed to notifying our customers whose systems have been impacted as we become aware and have actionable information for customers to help protect themselves. we are also committed to providing guidance and support on detection, tracking, and remediation. we may not be able to detect the existence or extent of these attacks for all of our customers or have information on how to detect or track an attack, especially where an attack involves on-premises software such as exchange server where we may have no or limited visibility into our customers' computing environments.
development and deployment of defensive measures to defend against security threats to our internal it systems, our cloud-based services, and our customers' systems, we must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security, threat detection, and reliability features, improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others, develop mitigation technologies that help to secure customers from attacks even when software updates are not deployed, maintain the digital security infrastructure that protects the integrity of our network, products, and services, and provide security tools such as firewalls, anti-virus software, and advanced security and information about the need to deploy security measures and the impact of doing so. customers in certain industries such as financial services, health care, and government may have enhanced or specialized requirements to which we must engineer our products and services.
part i item 1a the cost of measures to protect products and customer-facing services could reduce our operating margins. if we fail to do these things well, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and services, data corruption issues, or reduced performance could harm our reputation and lead customers to reduce or delay future purchases of products or subscriptions to services, or to use competing products or services. customers may also spend more on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could delay adoption of additional products or services. customers, and third parties granted access to their systems, may fail to update their systems, continue to run software or operating systems we no longer support, or may fail timely to install or enable security patches, or may otherwise fail to adopt adequate security practices. any of these could adversely affect our reputation and revenue. actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, but there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenges. at times, to achieve commercial objectives, we may enter into agreements with larger liability exposure to customers.
our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem of third parties. if there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, and if there is a security exploit targeting it, we could face increased costs, liability claims, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.
disclosure and misuse of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation. as we continue to grow the number, breadth, and scale of our cloud-based offerings, we store and process increasingly large amounts of personal data of our customers and users. the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to information security. despite our efforts to improve the security controls across our business groups and geographies, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and third parties on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure or misuse of customer or user data we or our vendors store and manage. in addition, third parties who have limited access to our customer or user data may use this data in unauthorized ways. improper disclosure or misuse could harm our reputation, lead to legal exposure to customers or users, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. our software products and services also enable our customers and users to store and process personal data on-premises or, increasingly, in a cloud-based environment we host. government authorities can sometimes require us to produce customer or user data in response to valid legal orders. in the u.s. and elsewhere, we advocate for transparency concerning these requests and appropriate limitations on government authority to compel disclosure. despite our efforts to protect customer and user data, perceptions that the collection, use, and retention of personal information is not satisfactorily protected could inhibit sales of our products or services and could limit adoption of our cloud-based solutions by consumers, businesses, and government entities. additional security measures we may take to address customer or user concerns, or constraints on our flexibility to determine where and how to operate datacenters in response to customer or user expectations or governmental rules or actions, may cause higher operating expenses or hinder growth of our products and services.
we may not be able to protect information in our products and services from use by others. linkedin and other microsoft products and services contain valuable information and content protected by contractual restrictions or technical measures. in certain cases, we have made commitments to our members and users to limit access to or use of this information. changes in the law or interpretations of the law may weaken our ability to prevent third parties from scraping or gathering information or content through use of bots or other measures and using it for their own benefit, thus diminishing the value of our products and services.
abuse of our platforms may harm our reputation or user engagement.
advertising, professional, marketplace, and gaming platform abuses for platform products and services that provide content or host ads that come from or can be influenced by third parties, including github, linkedin, microsoft advertising, microsoft news, microsoft store, bing, and xbox, our reputation or user engagement may be negatively affected by activity that is hostile or inappropriate. this activity may come from users impersonating other people or organizations including through the use of ai technologies, dissemination of information that may be viewed as misleading or intended to manipulate the opinions of our users, or the use of our products or services that violates our terms of service or otherwise for objectionable or illegal ends. preventing or responding to these actions may require us to make substantial investments in people and technology and these investments may not be successful, adversely affecting our business and consolidated financial statements.
part i item 1a other digital safety abuses our hosted consumer services as well as our enterprise services may be used to generate or  disseminate harmful or illegal content in violation of our terms or applicable law. we may not proactively discover such content due to scale, the limitations of existing technologies, and conflicting legal frameworks. when discovered by users and others, such content may negatively affect our reputation, our brands, and user engagement. regulations and other initiatives to make platforms responsible for preventing or eliminating harmful content online have been enacted, and we expect this to continue. we may be subject to enhanced regulatory oversight, civil or criminal liability, or reputational damage if we fail to comply with content moderation regulations, adversely affecting our business and consolidated financial statements.
the development of the iot presents security, privacy, and execution risks. to support the growth of the intelligent cloud and the intelligent edge, we are developing products, services, and technologies to power the iot. the iot's great potential also carries substantial risks. iot products and services may contain defects in design, manufacture, or operation that make them insecure or ineffective for their intended purposes. an iot solution has multiple layers of hardware, sensors, processors, software, and firmware, several of which we may not develop or control. each layer, including the weakest layer, can impact the security of the whole system. many iot devices have limited interfaces and ability to be updated or patched. iot solutions may collect large amounts of data, and our handling of iot data may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. iot scenarios may increasingly affect personal health and safety. if iot solutions that include our technologies do not work as intended, violate the law, or harm individuals or businesses, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. these risks, if realized, may increase our costs, damage our reputation or brands, or negatively impact our revenues or margins.
issues in the development and use of ai may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability. we are building ai into many of our offerings, including our productivity services, and we are also making ai available for our customers to use in solutions that they build. this ai may be developed by microsoft or others, including our strategic partner, openai. we expect these elements of our business to grow. we envision a future in which ai operating in our devices, applications, and the cloud helps our customers be more productive in their work and personal lives. as with many innovations, ai presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. ai algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed. datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information. content generated by ai systems may be offensive, illegal, or otherwise harmful. ineffective or inadequate ai development or deployment practices by microsoft or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of ai solutions or cause harm to individuals, customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. human review of certain outputs may be required. as a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of ai systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating ai in jurisdictions such as the european union ("eu"), new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. some ai scenarios present ethical issues or may have broad impacts on society. if we enable or offer ai solutions that have unintended consequences, unintended usage or customization by our customers and partners, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm, adversely affecting our business and consolidated financial statements.
part i item 1a operational risks we may have excessive outages, data losses, and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. our increasing user traffic, growth in services, and the complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. we spend substantial amounts to build, purchase, or lease datacenters and equipment and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle more traffic on our websites and in our datacenters. our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units ("gpus") and other components. the cost or availability of these dependencies could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including the transition to a clean energy economy, local and regional environmental regulations, and geopolitical disruptions. these demands continue to increase as we introduce new products and services and support the growth and the augmentation of existing services such as bing, azure, microsoft account services, microsoft 365, microsoft teams, dynamics 365, onedrive, sharepoint online, skype, xbox, and outlook.com through the incorporation of ai features and/or functionality. we are rapidly growing our business of providing a platform and back-end hosting for services provided by third parties to their end users. maintaining, securing, and expanding this infrastructure is expensive and complex, and requires development of principles for datacenter builds in geographies with higher safety and reliability risks. it requires that we maintain an internet connectivity infrastructure and storage and compute capacity that is robust and reliable within competitive and regulatory constraints that continue to evolve. inefficiencies or operational failures, including temporary or permanent loss of customer data, insufficient internet connectivity, insufficient or unavailable power supply, or inadequate storage and compute capacity, could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience resulting in contractual liability, claims by customers and other third parties, regulatory actions, damage to our reputation, and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, each of which may adversely impact our consolidated financial statements.
we may experience quality or supply problems. our hardware products such as xbox consoles, surface devices, and other devices we design and market are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. we could incur significant expenses, lost revenue, and reputational harm as a result of recalls, safety alerts, or product liability claims if we fail to prevent, detect, or address such issues through design, testing, or warranty repairs.
our software products and services also may experience quality or reliability problems. the highly sophisticated software we develop may contain bugs and other defects that interfere with their intended operation. our customers increasingly rely on us for critical business functions and multiple workloads. many of our products and services are interdependent with one another. each of these circumstances potentially magnifies the impact of quality or reliability issues. any defects we do not detect and fix in pre-release testing could cause reduced sales and revenue, damage to our reputation, repair or remediation costs, delays in the release of new products or versions, or legal liability. although our license agreements typically contain provisions that eliminate or limit our exposure to liability, there is no assurance these provisions will withstand legal challenge.
there are limited suppliers for certain device and datacenter components. our competitors use some of the same suppliers and their demand for hardware components can affect the capacity available to us. if components are delayed or become unavailable, whether because of supplier capacity constraint, industry shortages, legal or regulatory changes that restrict supply sources, or other reasons, we may not obtain timely replacement supplies, resulting in reduced sales or inadequate datacenter capacity to support the delivery and continued development of our products and services. component shortages, excess or obsolete inventory, or price reductions resulting in inventory adjustments may increase our cost of revenue. xbox consoles, surface devices, datacenter servers, and other hardware are assembled in asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins.
legal, regulatory, and litigation risks government litigation and regulatory activity relating to competition rules may limit how we design and market our products. government agencies closely scrutinize us under u.s. and foreign competition laws. governments are actively enforcing competition laws and regulations, and this includes scrutiny in potentially large markets such as the eu, the u.s., and china. some jurisdictions also allow competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti-competitive conduct. u.s. federal and state antitrust authorities have previously brought enforcement actions and continue to scrutinize our business.
part i item 1a for example, the european commission ("the commission") closely scrutinizes the design of high-volume microsoft products and the terms on which we make certain technologies used in these products, such as file formats, programming interfaces, and protocols, available to other companies. flagship product releases such as windows can receive significant scrutiny under eu or other competition laws.
our portfolio of first-party devices continues to grow; at the same time our oem partners offer a large variety of devices for our platforms. as a result, increasingly we both cooperate and compete with our oem partners, creating a risk that we fail to do so in compliance with competition rules. regulatory scrutiny in this area may increase. certain foreign governments, particularly in china and other countries in asia, have advanced arguments under their competition laws that exert downward pressure on royalties for our intellectual property.
competition law regulatory actions and court decisions may result in fines or hinder our ability to provide the benefits of our software to consumers and businesses, reducing the attractiveness of our products and the revenue that comes from them. new competition law actions could be initiated, potentially using previous actions as precedent. the outcome of such actions, or steps taken to avoid them, could adversely affect us in a variety of ways, including causing us to withdraw products from or modify products for certain markets, decreasing the value of our assets, adversely affecting our ability to monetize our products, or inhibiting our ability to consummate acquisition or impose conditions on acquisitions that may reduce their value.
laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption and trade could result in increased costs, fines, criminal penalties, or reputational damage. the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and other anti-corruption laws and regulations ("anti-corruption laws") prohibit corrupt payments by our employees, vendors, or agents, and the accounting provisions of the fcpa require us to maintain accurate books and records and adequate internal controls. from time to time, we receive inquiries from authorities in the u.s. and elsewhere which may be based on reports from employees and others about our business activities outside the u.s. and our compliance with anti-corruption laws. periodically, we receive such reports directly and investigate them, and also cooperate with investigations by u.s. and foreign law enforcement authorities. an example of increasing international regulatory complexity is the eu whistleblower directive, initiated in 2021, which may present compliance challenges to the extent it is implemented in different forms by eu member states. most countries in which we operate also have competition laws that prohibit competitors from colluding or otherwise attempting to reduce competition between themselves. while we devote substantial resources to our u.s. and international compliance programs and have implemented policies, training, and internal controls designed to reduce the risk of corrupt payments and collusive activity, our employees, vendors, or agents may violate our policies. our failure to comply with anti-corruption laws or competition laws could result in significant fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation.
increasing trade laws, policies, sanctions, and other regulatory requirements also affect our operations in and outside the u.s. relating to trade and investment. economic sanctions in the u.s., the eu, and other countries prohibit most business with restricted entities or countries. u.s. export controls restrict microsoft from offering many of its products and services to, or making investments in, certain entities in specified countries. u.s. import controls restrict us from integrating certain information and communication technologies into our supply chain and allow for government review of transactions involving information and communications technology from countries determined to be foreign adversaries. supply chain regulations may impact the availability of goods or result in additional regulatory scrutiny. periods of intense diplomatic or armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in ukraine, may result in (1) new and rapidly evolving sanctions and trade restrictions, which may impair trade with sanctioned individuals and countries, and (2) negative impacts to regional trade ecosystems among our customers, partners, and us. non-compliance with sanctions as well as general ecosystem disruptions could result in reputational harm, operational delays, monetary fines, loss of revenues, increased costs, loss of export privileges, or criminal sanctions.
part i item 1a laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal data may impede the adoption of our services or result in increased costs, legal claims, fines against us, or reputational damage. the growth of our internet- and cloud-based services internationally relies increasingly on the movement of data across national boundaries. legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, and transfer of personal data continue to evolve. for example, while the eu-u.s. data privacy framework ("dpf") has been recognized as adequate under eu law to allow transfers of personal data from the eu to certified companies in the u.s., the dpf is subject to further legal challenge which could cause the legal requirements for data transfers from the eu to be uncertain. eu data protection authorities have and may again block the use of certain u.s.-based services that involve the transfer of data to the u.s. in the eu and other markets, potential new rules and restrictions on the flow of data across borders could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services.
in addition, the eu general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the eu or related to products and services offered in the eu, imposes a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. more recently, the eu has been developing new requirements related to the use of data, including in the digital markets act, the digital services act, and the data act, that add additional rules and restriction on the use of data in our products and services. engineering efforts to build and maintain capabilities to facilitate compliance with these laws involve substantial expense and the diversion of engineering resources from other projects. we might experience reduced demand for our offerings if we are unable to engineer products that meet our legal duties or help our customers meet their obligations under these and other data regulations, or if our implementation to comply makes our offerings less attractive. compliance with these obligations depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. if we fail to comply, or if regulators assert we have failed to comply (including in response to complaints made by customers), it may lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in significant monetary penalties, private lawsuits, reputational damage, blockage of international data transfers, and loss of customers. the highest fines assessed under gdpr have recently been increasing, especially against large technology companies. jurisdictions around the world, such as china, india, and states in the u.s. have adopted, or are considering adopting or expanding, laws and regulations imposing obligations regarding the collection, handling, and transfer of personal data.
our investment in gaining insights from data is becoming central to the value of the services, including ai services, we deliver to customers, to operational efficiency and key opportunities in monetization, and to customer perceptions of quality. our ability to use data in this way may be constrained by regulatory developments that impede realizing the expected return from this investment. ongoing legal analyses, reviews, and inquiries by regulators of microsoft practices, or relevant practices of other organizations, may result in burdensome or inconsistent requirements, including data sovereignty and localization requirements, affecting the location, movement, collection, and use of our customer and internal employee data as well as the management of that data. compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty in competing with foreign-based firms. compliance with data regulations might limit our ability to innovate or offer certain features and functionality in some jurisdictions where we operate. failure to comply with existing or new rules may result in significant penalties or orders to stop the alleged noncompliant activity, as well as negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort.
existing and increasing legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations. we are subject to a wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the u.s. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection, advertising, and online content. laws in several jurisdictions, including eu member state laws under the european electronic communications code, increasingly define certain of our services as regulated telecommunications services. this trend may continue and will result in these offerings being subjected to additional data protection, security, law enforcement surveillance, and other obligations. regulators and private litigants may assert that our collection, use, and management of customer data and other information is inconsistent with their laws and regulations, including laws that apply to the tracking of users via technology such as cookies. new environmental, social, and governance laws and regulations are expanding mandatory disclosure, reporting, and diligence requirements. legislative or regulatory action relating to cybersecurity requirements may increase the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products and services. compliance with evolving digital accessibility laws and standards will require engineering and is important to our efforts to empower all people and organizations to achieve more. legislative and regulatory action is emerging in the areas of ai and content moderation, which could increase costs or restrict opportunity. for example, in the eu, an ai act is being considered, and may entail increased costs or decreased opportunities for the operation of our ai services in the european market.
part i item 1a how these laws and regulations apply to our business is often unclear, subject to change over time, and sometimes may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. in addition, governments' approach to enforcement, and our products and services, are continuing to evolve. compliance with existing, expanding, or new laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in products or business practices that could adversely affect our results of operations. noncompliance could result in the imposition of penalties or orders we cease the alleged noncompliant activity. in addition, there is increasing pressure from advocacy groups, regulators, competitors, customers, and other stakeholders across many of these areas. if our products do not meet customer expectations or legal requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory or legal actions.
we have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes. we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. these claims may arise from a wide variety of business practices and initiatives, including major new product releases such as windows, ai services, significant business transactions, warranty or product claims, employment practices, and regulation. adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. the litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management's view of these matters may change in the future. a material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
our business with government customers may present additional uncertainties. we derive substantial revenue from government contracts. government contracts generally can present risks and challenges not present in private commercial agreements. for instance, we may be subject to government audits and investigations relating to these contracts, we could be suspended or debarred as a governmental contractor, we could incur civil and criminal fines and penalties, and under certain circumstances contracts may be rescinded. some agreements may allow a government to terminate without cause and provide for higher liability limits for certain losses. some contracts may be subject to periodic funding approval, reductions, cancellations, or delays which could adversely impact public-sector demand for our products and services. these events could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, and reputation.
we may have additional tax liabilities. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. for example, compliance with the 2017 united states tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") and possible future legislative changes may require the collection of information not regularly produced within the company, the use of estimates in our consolidated financial statements, and the exercise of significant judgment in accounting for its provisions. as regulations and guidance evolve with respect to the tcja or possible future legislative changes, and as we gather more information and perform more analysis, our results may differ from previous estimates and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements.
we are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. although we believe that our provision for income taxes and our tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken. in addition, economic and political pressures to increase tax revenue in various jurisdictions may make resolving tax disputes favorably more difficult. we are currently under internal revenue service audit for prior tax years, with the primary unresolved issues relating to transfer pricing. the final resolution of those audits, and other audits or litigation, may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our consolidated financial statements in the period or periods in which that determination is made.
we earn a significant amount of our operating income outside the u.s. a change in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in our business or structure, or the expiration of or disputes about certain tax agreements in a particular country may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. in addition, changes in u.s. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals, other fundamental law changes currently being considered by many countries, including in the u.s., and changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions may materially adversely impact our consolidated financial statements.
part i item 1a intellectual property risks we face risks related to the protection and utilization of our intellectual property that may result in our business and operating results may be harmed. protecting our intellectual property rights and combating unlicensed copying and use of our software and other intellectual property on a global basis is difficult. similarly, the absence of harmonized patent laws makes it more difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent rights.
changes in the law may continue to weaken our ability to prevent the use of patented technology or collect revenue for licensing our patents. additionally, licensees of our patents may fail to satisfy their obligations to pay us royalties or may contest the scope and extent of their obligations. finally, our increasing engagement with open source software will also cause us to license our intellectual property rights broadly in certain situations. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our revenue may be adversely affected.
source code, the detailed program commands for our operating systems and other software programs, is critical to our business. if our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that code. it may then become easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our revenue and operating results. unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase the security risks described elsewhere in these risk factors.
third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property. from time to time, others claim we infringe their intellectual property rights. to resolve these claims, we may enter into royalty and licensing agreements on terms that are less favorable than currently available, stop selling or redesign affected products or services, or pay damages to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers. adverse outcomes could also include monetary damages or injunctive relief that may limit or prevent importing, marketing, and selling our products or services that have infringing technologies. we have paid significant amounts to settle claims related to the use of technology and intellectual property rights and to procure intellectual property rights as part of our strategy to manage this risk, and may continue to do so.
general risks if our reputation or our brands are damaged, our business and operating results may be harmed. our reputation and brands are globally recognized and are important to our business. our reputation and brands affect our ability to attract and retain consumer, business, and public-sector customers. there are numerous ways our reputation or brands could be damaged. these include product safety or quality issues, our environmental impact and sustainability, supply chain practices, or human rights record. we may experience backlash from customers, government entities, advocacy groups, employees, and other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy positions. damage to our reputation or our brands may occur from, among other things:
•the introduction of new features, products, services, or terms of service that customers, users, or partners do not like.
•public scrutiny of our decisions regarding user privacy, data practices, or content.
•data security breaches, compliance failures, or actions of partners or individual employees.
the proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood, speed, and magnitude of negative brand events. if our brands or reputation are damaged, it could negatively impact our revenues or margins, or ability to attract the most highly qualified employees.
adverse economic or market conditions may harm our business. worsening economic conditions, including inflation, recession, pandemic, or other changes in economic conditions, may cause lower it spending and adversely affect our revenue. if demand for pcs, servers, and other computing devices declines, or consumer or business spending for those products declines, our revenue will be adversely affected.
our product distribution system relies on an extensive partner and retail network. oems building devices that run our software have also been a significant means of distribution. the impact of economic conditions on our partners, such as the bankruptcy of a major distributor, oem, or retailer, could cause sales channel disruption.
challenging economic conditions also may impair the ability of our customers to pay for products and services they have purchased. as a result, allowances for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable may increase.
part i item 1a we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial markets. a significant part of our investment portfolio comprises u.s. government securities. if global financial markets decline for long periods, or if there is a downgrade of the u.s. government credit rating due to an actual or threatened default on government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced a decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.
catastrophic events or geopolitical conditions may disrupt our business. a disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, and certain other essential business operations are in the seattle, washington area, and we have other business operations in the silicon valley area of california, both of which are seismically active regions. a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or it systems, or the infrastructure or systems they rely on, such as power grids, could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans and magnifies the potential impact of prolonged service outages in our consolidated financial statements.
abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict, such as the ongoing conflict in ukraine, pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating costs and negatively impact our ability to sell to and collect from customers in affected markets. these conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget for technology investment decisions by our customers and may cause supply chain disruptions for hardware manufacturers. geopolitical change may result in changing regulatory systems and requirements and market interventions that could impact our operating strategies, access to national, regional, and global markets, hiring, and profitability. geopolitical instability may lead to sanctions and impact our ability to do business in some markets or with some public-sector customers. any of these changes may negatively impact our revenues.
the occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic, such as covid-19, may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. the extent to which global pandemics impact our business going forward will depend on factors such as the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business, and individuals' actions in response to the pandemic; and the impact on economic activity, including the possibility of recession or financial market instability. measures to contain a global pandemic may intensify other risks described in these risk factors.
we may incur increased costs to effectively manage these aspects of our business. if we are unsuccessful, it may adversely impact our revenues, cash flows, market share growth, and reputation.
the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and the it industry in particular are unclear. environmental regulations or changes in the supply, demand, or available sources of energy or other resources may affect the availability or cost of goods and services, including natural resources, necessary to run our business. changes in climate where we operate may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware we use to develop software and provide cloud-based services.
part i item 1a our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. our customers are located throughout the world and a significant part of our revenue comes from international sales. the global nature of our business creates operational, economic, and geopolitical risks. our results of operations may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and recession, as well as political and military disputes. in addition, our international growth strategy includes certain markets, the developing nature of which presents several risks, including deterioration of social, political, labor, or economic conditions in a country or region, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. emerging nationalist and protectionist trends and concerns about human rights, the environment, and political expression in specific countries may significantly alter the trade and commercial environments. changes to trade policy or agreements as a result of populism, protectionism, or economic nationalism may result in higher tariffs, local sourcing initiatives, and non-local sourcing restrictions, export controls, investment restrictions, or other developments that make it more difficult to sell our products in foreign countries. disruptions of these kinds in developed or emerging markets could negatively impact demand for our products and services, impair our ability to operate in certain regions, or increase operating costs. although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations.
our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment that enables all our employees to thrive, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. we are also limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. changes to u.s. immigration policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts. if we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. how employment-related laws are interpreted and applied to our workforce practices may result in increased operating costs and less flexibility in how we meet our workforce needs. our global workforce is predominantly non-unionized, although we do have some employees in the u.s. and internationally who are represented by unions or works councils. in the u.s., there has been a general increase in workers exercising their right to form or join a union. the unionization of significant employee populations could result in higher costs and other operational changes necessary to respond to changing conditions and to establish new relationships with worker representatives.
part i item 7
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). this section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended june 30, 2023 compared to the year ended june 30, 2022. for a discussion of the year ended june 30, 2022 compared to the year ended june 30, 2021, please refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended june 30, 2022.
overview microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. we strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. we are creating the platforms and tools, powered by artificial intelligence ("ai"), that deliver better, faster, and more effective solutions to support small and large business competitiveness, improve educational and health outcomes, grow public-sector efficiency, and empower human ingenuity.
we generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based solutions, content, and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience; and designing and selling devices. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; supporting and investing in our cloud-based services, including datacenter operations; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our other products and services; and income taxes.
highlights from fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022 included:
•microsoft cloud revenue increased 22% to $111.6 billion.
•office commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 10% driven by office 365 commercial growth of 13%.
•office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased 2% and microsoft 365 consumer subscribers increased to 67.0 million.
•linkedin revenue increased 10%.
•dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased 16% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 24%.
•server products and cloud services revenue increased 19% driven by azure and other cloud services growth of 29%.
•windows original equipment manufacturer licensing ("windows oem") revenue decreased 25%.
•devices revenue decreased 24%.
•windows commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 5%.
•xbox content and services revenue decreased 3%.
•search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 11%.
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.
part ii item 7
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, influencing how users access services in the cloud and, in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is also correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment.
the investments we are making in cloud and ai infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. we continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for ai services. our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units ("gpus") and other components. our devices are primarily manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers. for the majority of our products, we have the ability to use other manufacturers if a current vendor becomes unavailable or unable to meet our requirements. however, some of our products contain certain components for which there are very few qualified suppliers. extended disruptions at these suppliers could impact our ability to manufacture devices on time to meet consumer demand.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits.
our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. as a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. fluctuations in the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies reduced reported revenue and expenses from our international operations in fiscal year 2023.
on january 18, 2023, we announced decisions we made to align our cost structure with our revenue and customer demand, prioritize our investments in strategic areas, and consolidate office space. as a result, we recorded a $1.2 billion charge in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 ("q2 charge"), which included employee severance expenses of $800 million, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. first, we reduced our overall workforce by approximately 10,000 jobs through the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 related to the q2 charge, which represents less than 5% of our total employee base. while we eliminated roles in some areas, we will continue to hire in key strategic areas. second, we are allocating both our capital and talent to areas of secular growth and long-term competitiveness, while divesting in other areas. third, we are consolidating our leases to create higher density across our workspaces, which impacted our financial results through the remainder of fiscal year 2023, and we may make similar decisions in future periods as we continue to evaluate our real estate needs.
refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
seasonality our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. second quarter revenue is driven by corporate year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi-year on-premises contracts executed during the period.
change in accounting estimate in july 2022, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our server and network equipment. due to investments in software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in technology, we determined we should increase the estimated useful lives of both server and network equipment from four years to six years. this change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2023. based on the carrying amount of server and network equipment included in property and equipment, net as of june 30, 2022, the effect of this change in estimate for fiscal year 2023 was an increase in operating income of $3.7 billion and net income of $3.0 billion, or $0.40 per both basic and diluted share.
part ii item 7
reportable segments we report our financial performance based on the following segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. we have recast certain prior period amounts to conform to the way we internally manage and monitor our business.
additional information on our reportable segments is contained in note 19 - segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
metrics we use metrics in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources. we disclose metrics to enable investors to evaluate progress against our ambitions, provide transparency into performance trends, and reflect the continued evolution of our products and services. our commercial and other business metrics are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. the metrics are disclosed in the md&a or the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). financial metrics are calculated based on financial results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), and growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period of last fiscal year.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we made updates to the presentation and method of calculation for certain metrics, most notably expanding our surface metric into a broader devices metric to incorporate additional revenue streams, along with other minor changes to align with how we manage our businesses.
commercial our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, enterprise services, and dynamics. our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance.
commercial remaining performance obligation   commercial portion of revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods microsoft cloud revenue                       revenue from azure and other cloud services, office 365 commercial, the commercial portion of linkedin, dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties microsoft cloud gross margin percentage       gross margin percentage for our microsoft cloud business part ii item 7
productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud metrics related to our productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments. the metrics reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends.
office commercial products and cloud services revenue growth   revenue from office commercial products and cloud services (office 365 subscriptions, the office 365 portion of microsoft 365 commercial subscriptions, and office licensed on-premises), comprising office, exchange, sharepoint, microsoft teams, office 365 security and compliance, microsoft viva, and microsoft 365 copilot office consumer products and cloud services revenue growth     revenue from office consumer products and cloud services, including microsoft 365 consumer subscriptions, office licensed on-premises, and other office services office 365 commercial seat growth                              the number of office 365 commercial seats at end of period where seats are paid users covered by an office 365 commercial subscription microsoft 365 consumer subscribers                             the number of microsoft 365 consumer subscribers at end of period dynamics products and cloud services revenue growth            revenue from dynamics products and cloud services, including dynamics 365, comprising a set of intelligent, cloud-based applications across erp, crm (including customer insights), power apps, and power automate; and on-premises erp and crm applications linkedin revenue growth                                        revenue from linkedin, including talent solutions, marketing solutions, premium subscriptions, and sales solutions server products and cloud services revenue growth              revenue from server products and cloud services, including azure and other cloud services; sql server, windows server, visual studio, system center, and related client access licenses ("cals"); and nuance and github more personal computing metrics related to our more personal computing segment assess the performance of key lines of business within this segment. these metrics provide strategic product insights which allow us to assess the performance across our commercial and consumer businesses. as we have diversity of target audiences and sales motions within the windows business, we monitor metrics that are reflective of those varying motions.
windows oem revenue growth                                      revenue from sales of windows pro and non-pro licenses sold through the oem channel windows commercial products and cloud services revenue growth   revenue from windows commercial products and cloud services, comprising volume licensing of the windows operating system, windows cloud services, and other windows commercial offerings devices revenue growth                                          revenue from devices, including surface, hololens, and pc accessories xbox content and services revenue growth                        revenue from xbox content and services, comprising first- and third-party content (including games and in-game content), xbox game pass and other subscriptions, xbox cloud gaming, advertising, third-party disc royalties, and other cloud services search and news advertising revenue (ex tac) growth             revenue from search and news advertising excluding traffic acquisition costs ("tac") paid to bing ads network publishers and news partners part ii item 7
summary results of operations
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)   2023                 2022                 percentage change revenue                                                             $211,915             $198,270              7%
gross margin                                                         146,052              135,620              8%
operating income                                                      88,523               83,383              6%
net income                                                            72,361               72,738            (1)%
diluted earnings per share                                              9.68                 9.65              0%
adjusted gross margin (non-gaap)                                     146,204              135,620              8%
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                  89,694               83,383              8%
adjusted net income (non-gaap)                                        73,307               69,447              6%
adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap)                          9.81                 9.21              7%
adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted earnings per share ("eps") are non-gaap financial measures. current year non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the q2 charge, which includes employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. prior year non-gaap financial measures exclude the net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion. refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results.
fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
revenue increased $13.6 billion or 7% driven by growth in intelligent cloud and productivity and business processes, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing. intelligent cloud revenue increased driven by azure and other cloud services. productivity and business processes revenue increased driven by office 365 commercial and linkedin. more personal computing revenue decreased driven by windows and devices.
cost of revenue increased $3.2 billion or 5% driven by growth in microsoft cloud, offset in part by the change in accounting estimate.
gross margin increased $10.4 billion or 8% driven by growth in intelligent cloud and productivity and business processes and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing.
•gross margin percentage increased slightly. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 1 point driven by declines in intelligent cloud and more personal computing, offset in part by sales mix shift between our segments.
•microsoft cloud gross margin percentage increased 2 points to 72%. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, microsoft cloud gross margin percentage decreased slightly driven by a decline in azure and other cloud services and sales mix shift to azure and other cloud services, offset in part by improvement in office 365 commercial.
operating expenses increased $5.3 billion or 10% driven by employee severance expenses, 2 points of growth from the nuance and xandr acquisitions, investments in cloud engineering, and linkedin.
operating income increased $5.1 billion or 6% driven by growth in productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud and the change in accounting estimate, offset in part by a decline in more personal computing.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 4%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. cost of revenue and operating expenses both included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
current year gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted eps were negatively impacted by the q2 charge, which resulted in decreases of $152 million, $1.2 billion, $946 million, and $0.13, respectively. prior year net income and diluted eps were positively impacted by the net tax benefit related to the transfer of intangible properties, which resulted in an increase to net income and diluted eps of $3.3 billion and $0.44, respectively.
part ii item 7
segment results of operations
(in millions, except percentages)     2023                2022                percentage change revenue productivity and business processes             $69,274             $63,364              9%
intelligent cloud                                87,907              74,965             17%
more personal computing                          54,734              59,941            (9)%
total                                          $211,915            $198,270              7%
operating income productivity and business processes             $34,189             $29,690             15%
intelligent cloud                                37,884              33,203             14%
more personal computing                          16,450              20,490           (20)%
total                                           $88,523             $83,383              6%
reportable segments fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
productivity and business processes revenue increased $5.9 billion or 9%.
•office commercial products and cloud services revenue increased $3.7 billion or 10%. office 365 commercial revenue grew 13% with seat growth of 11%, driven by small and medium business and frontline worker offerings, as well as growth in revenue per user. office commercial products revenue declined 21% driven by continued customer shift to cloud offerings.
•office consumer products and cloud services revenue increased $140 million or 2%. microsoft 365 consumer subscribers grew 12% to 67.0 million.
•linkedin revenue increased $1.3 billion or 10% driven by talent solutions.
•dynamics products and cloud services revenue increased $750 million or 16% driven by dynamics 365 growth of 24%.
operating income increased $4.5 billion or 15%.
•gross margin increased $5.8 billion or 12% driven by growth in office 365 commercial and linkedin, as well as the change in accounting estimate. gross margin percentage increased. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by improvement in office 365 commercial, offset in part by sales mix shift to cloud offerings.
•operating expenses increased $1.3 billion or 7% driven by investment in linkedin and employee severance expenses.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 5%, 5%, and 8%, respectively.
intelligent cloud revenue increased $12.9 billion or 17%.
•server products and cloud services revenue increased $12.6 billion or 19% driven by azure and other cloud services. azure and other cloud services revenue grew 29% driven by growth in our consumption-based services. server products revenue decreased 1%.
•enterprise services revenue increased $315 million or 4% driven by growth in enterprise support services, offset in part by a decline in industry solutions (formerly microsoft consulting services).
part ii item 7
operating income increased $4.7 billion or 14%.
•gross margin increased $8.9 billion or 17% driven by growth in azure and other cloud services and the change in accounting estimate. gross margin percentage decreased slightly. excluding the impact of the change in accounting estimate, gross margin percentage decreased 3 points driven by sales mix shift to azure and other cloud services and a decline in azure and other cloud services.
•operating expenses increased $4.2 billion or 21% driven by investments in azure, 4 points of growth from the nuance acquisition, and employee severance expenses.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 4%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. operating expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
more personal computing revenue decreased $5.2 billion or 9%.
•windows revenue decreased $3.2 billion or 13% driven by a decrease in windows oem. windows oem revenue decreased 25% as elevated channel inventory levels continued to drive additional weakness beyond declining pc demand. windows commercial products and cloud services revenue increased 5% driven by demand for microsoft 365.
•devices revenue decreased $1.8 billion or 24% as elevated channel inventory levels continued to drive additional weakness beyond declining pc demand.
•gaming revenue decreased $764 million or 5% driven by declines in xbox hardware and xbox content and services. xbox hardware revenue decreased 11% driven by lower volume and price of consoles sold. xbox content and services revenue decreased 3% driven by a decline in first-party content, offset in part by growth in xbox game pass.
•search and news advertising revenue increased $617 million or 5%. search and news advertising revenue excluding traffic acquisition costs increased 11% driven by higher search volume and the xandr acquisition.
operating income decreased $4.0 billion or 20%.
•gross margin decreased $4.2 billion or 13% driven by declines in windows and devices. gross margin percentage decreased driven by a decline in devices.
•operating expenses decreased $195 million or 2% driven by a decline in devices, offset in part by investments in search and news advertising, including 2 points of growth from the xandr acquisition.
revenue, gross margin, and operating income included an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3%, 4%, and 6%, respectively. operating expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
part ii item 7
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change research and development                  $27,195         $24,512             11%
as a percent of revenue                       13%             12%            1ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.
fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
research and development expenses increased $2.7 billion or 11% driven by investments in cloud engineering and linkedin.
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change sales and marketing                       $22,759         $21,825              4%
as a percent of revenue                       11%             11%            0ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
sales and marketing expenses increased $934 million or 4% driven by 3 points of growth from the nuance and xandr acquisitions and investments in commercial sales, offset in part by a decline in windows advertising. sales and marketing included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
general and administrative
(in millions, except percentages)   2023            2022            percentage change general and administrative                 $7,575          $5,900             28%
as a percent of revenue                        4%              3%            1ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, employee severance expense incurred as part of a corporate program, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
general and administrative expenses increased $1.7 billion or 28% driven by employee severance expenses and a charge related to a non-public preliminary draft decision provided by the irish data protection commission. general and administrative included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
part ii item 7
other income (expense), net the components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
(in millions)
year ended june 30,                                             2023               2022
interest and dividends income                                 $2,994             $2,094
interest expense                                              (1,968   )         (2,063   )
net recognized gains on investments                              260                461
net losses on derivatives                                       (456   )            (52   )
net gains (losses) on foreign currency remeasurements            181                (75   )
other, net                                                      (223   )            (32   )
total                                                           $788               $333
we use derivative instruments to manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
fiscal year 2023 compared with fiscal year 2022
interest and dividends income increased due to higher yields, offset in part by lower portfolio balances. interest expense decreased due to a decrease in outstanding long-term debt due to debt maturities. net recognized gains on investments decreased due to lower gains on equity securities and higher losses on fixed income securities. net losses on derivatives increased due to losses related to managing strategic investments.
income taxes effective tax rate our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 was 19% and 13%, respectively. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to a $3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 related to the transfer of intangible properties and a decrease in tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation.
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we transferred certain intangible properties from our puerto rico subsidiary to the u.s. the transfer of intangible properties resulted in a $3.3 billion net income tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, as the value of future u.s. tax deductions exceeded the current tax liability from the u.s. global intangible low-taxed income tax.
our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate, primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations center in ireland.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2023, our u.s. income before income taxes was $52.9 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $36.4 billion. in fiscal year 2022, our u.s. income before income taxes was $47.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $35.9 billion.
uncertain tax positions we settled a portion of the internal revenue service ("irs") audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. in february 2012, the irs withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 and reopened the audit phase of the examination. we also settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we settled an additional portion of the irs audits for tax years 2004 to 2013 and made a payment of $1.7 billion, including tax and interest. we remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2017.
48
part ii item 7
as of june 30, 2023, the primary unresolved issues for the irs audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a material impact in our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved key transfer pricing issues. we do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2022, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures adjusted gross margin, operating income, net income, and diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures. current year non-gaap financial measures exclude the impact of the q2 charge, which includes employee severance expenses, impairment charges resulting from changes to our hardware portfolio, and costs related to lease consolidation activities. prior year non-gaap financial measures exclude the net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. we believe these non-gaap measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. for comparability of reporting, management considers non-gaap measures in conjunction with gaap financial results in evaluating business performance. these non-gaap financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results:
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                 2023               2022                    percentage change gross margin                                                                    $146,052            $135,620                  8%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs                152                   0                   *
adjusted gross margin (non-gaap)                                                $146,204            $135,620                  8%
operating income                                                                 $88,523             $83,383                  6%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs              1,171                   0                   *
adjusted operating income (non-gaap)                                             $89,694             $83,383                  8%
net income                                                                       $72,361             $72,738                (1)%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs                946                   0                   *
net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties                    0              (3,291   )               *
adjusted net income (non-gaap)                                                   $73,307             $69,447                  6%
diluted earnings per share                                                         $9.68               $9.65                  0%
severance, hardware-related impairment, and lease consolidation costs               0.13                   0                   *
net income tax benefit related to transfer of intangible properties                    0               (0.44   )               *
adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap)                                     $9.81               $9.21                  7%
* not meaningful.
part ii item 7
liquidity and capital resources we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja"), for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $111.3 billion and $104.8 billion as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. equity investments were $9.9 billion and $6.9 billion as of june 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as u.s. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, u.s. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash flows cash from operations decreased $1.5 billion to $87.6 billion for fiscal year 2023, mainly due to an increase in cash paid to employees and suppliers and cash used to pay income taxes, offset in part by an increase in cash received from customers. cash used in financing decreased $14.9 billion to $43.9 billion for fiscal year 2023, mainly due to a $10.5 billion decrease in common stock repurchases and a $6.3 billion decrease in repayments of debt, offset in part by a $1.7 billion increase in dividends paid. cash used in investing decreased $7.6 billion to $22.7 billion for fiscal year 2023, due to a $20.4 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, offset in part by a $8.2 billion decrease in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, and a $4.2 billion increase in additions to property and equipment.
part ii item 7
debt proceeds we issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
unearned revenue unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include software assurance ("sa") and cloud services. unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2023:
(in millions)
three months ending september 30, 2023         $19,673
december 31, 2023           15,600
march 31, 2024              10,801
june 30, 2024                4,827
thereafter                   2,912
total                      $53,813
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable. refer to note 13 - unearned revenue of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
material cash requirements and other obligations contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2023:
(in millions)                                                  2024                   thereafter           total long-term debt: (a)
principal payments                                                       $5,250          $47,616         $52,866
interest payments                                                         1,379           19,746          21,125
construction commitments (b)                                             12,237            1,218          13,455
operating and finance leases, including imputed interest (c)              5,988           73,852          79,840
purchase commitments (d)                                                 64,703            3,115          67,818
total                                                                   $89,557         $145,547        $235,104
(a)refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)refer to note 7 - property and equipment of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(c)refer to note 14 - leases of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(d)purchase commitments primarily relate to datacenters and include open purchase orders and take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above.
part ii item 7
income taxes as a result of the tcja, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax. under the tcja, the transition tax is payable in interest-free installments over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. we have paid transition tax of $7.7 billion, which included $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2023. the remaining transition tax of $10.5 billion is payable over the next three years, with $2.7 billion payable within 12 months.
in fiscal year 2023, we paid cash tax of $4.8 billion due to the mandatory capitalization for tax purposes of research and development expenditures enacted by the tcja and effective on july 1, 2022.
share repurchases during fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we repurchased 69 million shares and 95 million shares of our common stock for $18.4 billion and $28.0 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. all repurchases were made using cash resources. as of june 30, 2023, $22.3 billion remained of our $60 billion share repurchase program. refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
dividends during fiscal year 2023 and 2022, our board of directors declared quarterly dividends of $0.68 per share and $0.62 per share, totaling $20.2 billion and $18.6 billion, respectively. we intend to continue returning capital to shareholders in the form of dividends, subject to declaration by our board of directors. refer to note 16 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
other planned uses of capital on january 18, 2022, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire activision blizzard, inc. ("activision blizzard") for $95.00 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at $68.7 billion, inclusive of activision blizzard's net cash. the acquisition has been approved by activision blizzard's shareholders. we continue to work toward closing the transaction subject to obtaining required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions. microsoft and activision blizzard have jointly agreed to extend the merger agreement through october 18, 2023 to allow for additional time to resolve remaining regulatory concerns.
we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as acquisitions that align with our business strategy. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in ai infrastructure. we have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, microsoft experience centers, and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. we have critical accounting estimates in the areas of revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, legal and other contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
part ii item 7
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. when a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. certain cloud services, primarily office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. revenue from office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.
judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation. we use a single amount to estimate ssp for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with sa or software updates provided at no additional charge. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services.
in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the ssp using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. we typically have more than one ssp for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. in these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the ssp.
due to the various benefits from and the nature of our sa program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.
our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.
impairment of investment securities we review debt investments quarterly for credit losses and impairment. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the extent to which the fair value is less than cost. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. in addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of, and business outlook for, the investee. if we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery, then a decline in fair value below cost is recorded as an impairment charge in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. we perform a qualitative assessment on a periodic basis. we are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net.
part ii item 7
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
part ii item 7
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
part ii item 7
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
satya nadella chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer alice l. jolla corporate vice president and chief accounting officer part ii