 our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency.
any future business continuity plans may not be sustainable or effective. our business operations may also be significantly disrupted if our critical workforce, key vendors, third-party providers or other counterparties we transact business with, are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, government and regulatory actions in response to covid-19, including vaccine mandates, or other reasons, or if the technology on which our remote business operations rely, some of which is developed and maintained by third parties, is disrupted or impaired or becomes unavailable. certain pre-existing operational risks have been and may continue to be exacerbated, notably with respect to potential phishing or other cybersecurity-related events and our increased reliance on technology, including technology of our employees and service providers. other pre-existing operational risks, such as privacy incidents, fraud, operational resilience and risks related to the operations and resiliency of our vendors, third-party providers and other counterparties, may also be exacerbated. further, significant disruption to our businesses due to the pandemic could adversely affect the timing or terms of, or our ability to execute, key business strategies, transactions and initiatives, such as the separation of the life and retirement business and aig 200, resulting in higher costs or reduced savings or lower profit than was expected. in addition, remote work may negatively impact our culture and employees' morale, which could result in greater turnover, lower productivity and greater operational risks.
in addition, regulators have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks. for example, on november 15, 2021, the nydfs issued final guidance on how new york insurers are expected to analyze and manage the risks posed by climate change, including by integrating the consideration of climate risks into the insurer's governance structure, considering the current and forward-looking impact of climate-related factors on the insurer's business environment and incorporating climate risks into the insurer's existing financial risk management. the nydfs expects new york insurers to implement its guidance relating to board governance and to have specific plans in place to implement the guidance relating to organizational structure by august 15, 2022. additional actions by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters could result in substantial additional regulation to which we may be subject. it is also possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions regarding climate change-related risks will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the united states.
our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. outside of our aig 200 transformational program and announced plan to separate the life and retirement business, we continue to undertake certain restructuring initiatives in the ordinary course of business. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements because the actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives may continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and acquisitions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. we may not be able to attract and retain the key employees and highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people, which may be difficult due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability. recruiting and retention of talent has become especially challenging in the current employment market, fueled in part by changes due to the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes, including as a result of the planned separation of the life and retirement business from aig. losing any of our key people, including key sales or business personnel, could also have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. additionally, we may face increased costs if, as a result of the competitive market and recent inflationary pressures, we must offer and pay a greater level of remuneration to attract or replace certain critical employees or hire contractors to fill highly skilled roles while vacant. our business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, may constitute "forward looking statements" within the meaning of the u.s. private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements are intended to provide management's current expectations or plans for aig's future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid. forward-looking statements are often preceded by, followed by or include words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "expectations," "intend," "plan," "strategy," "prospects," "project," "anticipate," "should," "see," "guidance," "outlook," "confident," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. these statements may include, among other things, projections, goals and assumptions that relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expense reduction efforts, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, such as the separation of the life and retirement business, the effect of catastrophes, such as the covid-19 pandemic, and macroeconomic events, anticipated dispositions, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results, and other statements that are not historical facts.
general operating and other expenses increased $394 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increases in professional fees inclusive of transaction costs, performance-based employee costs and other acquisition expenses.general operating and other expenses for 2021 and 2020 included approximately $433 million and $435 million, respectively, of pre-tax restructuring and other costs which were primarily comprised of employee severance charges and other costs related to organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.