for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. we will be unable to rapidly respond to competitive, economic and regulatory changes if we do not make important strategic and operational decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly. if these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected.
•continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers;
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers and increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers. continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and providers, new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, and the increased use of virtual care services (including telehealth) may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way we price our products and services or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive.
special items charge for organizational efficiency plan                                                                                                                   119                                  24                             162                      0.35                            0.07                            0.43
selling, general and administrative expenses were essentially flat, primarily reflecting lower charges in 2020 for the 2019 organizational efficiency plan and resolving our affordable care act risk corridors claim against the united states federal government in the third quarter of 2020. these decreases were offset by the return of the health insurance industry tax.
key transactions and business developments organizational efficiency plan as discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the company approved a strategic plan to drive operational efficiencies. we believe this plan, coupled with the previously announced divestiture of the international life, accident and supplemental health benefits businesses (described below), will further leverage the company's ongoing growth to drive operational efficiency through enhancements to organizational structure and increased use of automation and shared services. in connection with these plans, cigna has updated its reporting segments to align with the new business reporting structure and recognized a charge in the fourth quarter of 2021 in the amount of $168 million, pre-tax ($119 million, after-tax). we expect to realize annualized after-tax savings of approximately $180 million. a substantial portion of the savings is expected to be realized in 2022. although a substantial portion of the actions associated with these strategic steps have been reflected in the charge recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021, additional amounts are expected to be recorded in the second quarter of 2022 as we finalize our plans following the completion of the divestiture. see note 15 for further information regarding our organizational efficiency charge.