item 1a. risk factors item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following material risk factors applicable to delta. as described below, these risks could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future.
risk factors relating to delta the rapid spread of the covid-19 virus, the continuing spread of its variants, the persistence of the resulting pandemic and measures implemented to combat it have had, and will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business. it is possible that there will be future negative effects that we cannot presently predict, including near-term effects.
the rapid spread of the covid-19 virus in 2020 and variants of the virus in 2021, the persistence of the resulting pandemic, the measures governments and private parties have implemented in order to stem the spread of this pandemic, and the general concern about the virus among travelers have had, and are continuing to have, a material adverse effect on the demand for worldwide air travel compared to historical levels, and consequently upon our business. among other effects of the covid-19 pandemic affecting air travel and our business:
•in the united states, which is our primary market, the federal government discouraged travel and encouraged social distancing efforts and limits on gathering size for an extended period. in addition, state and local governments issued travel restrictions, quarantines and health-related curfews or "shelter in place" orders which dissuaded or restricted air travel.
•numerous travel advisories and restrictions were implemented, some of which remain in place or have been reinstated, between the united states and specific countries, and many foreign governments have placed restrictions or quarantines on citizens of other countries, including citizens of the u.s., flying into their countries. for instance, the u.s. and numerous other countries have required and in some instances continue to require airline passengers to provide negative covid-19 test results prior to travel into their countries.
•business conventions and conferences, concerts and similar entertainment have been and occasionally continue to be cancelled. many popular tourist destinations were closed, or operations curtailed. significant sporting events were, and occasionally continue to be, cancelled or held with limited or no spectators.
•travelers may be dissuaded from flying due to possible enhanced covid-19-related screening measures, which have been implemented to varying degrees and in different ways across multiple markets we serve, or due to the concern that additional travel restrictions implemented between their departure and return may affect their ability to return to their homes.
these effects related to the covid-19 pandemic have negatively impacted air travel in general, which in turn has materially adversely affected our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. although vaccines have generally proved to be effective and certain of the restrictions above have been eased in some places, the ongoing pandemic, including large outbreaks, resurgences of covid-19 in various regions and appearances of new variants of the virus, has resulted, and may continue to result, in their reinstitution. the effectiveness of vaccines against future variants that may develop is also unknown. moreover, additional currently unknown restrictions or other events dissuading air travel may occur in the future as a result of an increase in covid-19 case levels or other factors related to the pandemic (including possibly in the near term), lengthening the negative effects of the pandemic on our business.
our operations have been, and could in the future be, negatively affected further if our employees are quarantined or sickened as a result of exposure to covid-19, or if they are subject to additional governmental covid-19 curfews or "shelter in place" health orders or similar restrictions. measures restricting the ability of our airport or in-flight employees to come to work negatively impact our service or operations, all of which could negatively affect our business.
item 1a. risk factors in response to the crisis, we took steps to mitigate the effects on our business, which themselves may have negative consequences with respect to our business and operations. for example, we took cost-saving actions to significantly reduce our capacity in 2020 but were not able to eliminate all costs related to unused capacity. ultimately, cost-saving measures that we implemented to date, or may consider in the future, have not made up, and will not in the future make up, for the loss in revenue as a result of decreased ticket sales and cancellations. in addition, to protect the safety of our employees and customers, we have implemented significant additional cleaning measures on all of our aircraft and at the airports in which we operate which have increased our costs.
we are unable to predict how long conditions related to the pandemic will persist. the overall situation remains fluid, and it is impossible to predict the timing of future material developments and whether they will occur in the near, medium or long term. at this time, we are also not able to predict the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may result in permanent changes to our customers' behavior, with such changes including but not limited to a permanent reduction in business travel as a result of increased usage of virtual meetings, and videoconferencing and teleconferencing products and more broadly, a general reluctance to travel, each of which could have a material impact on our business.
collectively, the foregoing circumstances have had, and are continuing to have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. future disease outbreaks or similar public health threats could have similar effects.
we have a significant amount of fixed obligations and incurred significant amounts of new debt in a short period in response to the covid-19 pandemic. insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business.
we have a significant amount of existing fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. in addition, we have substantial commitments for capital expenditures.
we had approximately $14.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and aggregate principal amount committed and available to be drawn under our revolving credit facilities ("liquidity") as of december 31, 2021; however, our future liquidity could be negatively affected by the risk factors discussed in this form 10-k, and in other filings we may make from time to time with the sec. if our liquidity is materially diminished, we might not be able to timely pay our leases and debts or comply with certain financial covenants in our financing and credit card processing agreements or with other material provisions of our contractual obligations.
agreements governing our debt, including our credit facilities and our skymiles financing agreements, include financial and other covenants. certain of these covenants impose restrictions on our business, and failure to comply with any of the covenants in these agreements could result in events of default.
our debt agreements contain various affirmative, negative and financial covenants, including our credit facilities and our skymiles financing agreements, each of which contains a minimum liquidity covenant. certain of our debt agreements also contain collateral coverage ratios, and our skymiles financing agreements contain a debt service coverage ratio. a decline in these coverage ratios, including due to factors that are beyond our control, could require us to post additional collateral or trigger an early amortization event. our skymiles financing agreements also restrict our ability to, among other things, change the policies and procedures of the skymiles program in a manner that would reasonably be expected to materially impair repayment of our skymiles debt.
complying with certain of the covenants in our debt agreements and other restrictive covenants that may be contained in any future debt agreements could limit our ability to operate our business and to take advantage of business opportunities that are in our long-term interest. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants.
while the covenants in our debt agreements are subject to important exceptions and qualifications, if we fail to comply with them and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, refinance the indebtedness subject to these covenants or take other mitigating actions, an event of default would result. these arrangements also contain other events of default customary for such financings. if an event of default were to occur, the lenders or noteholders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts due and payable and where applicable and subject to the terms of relevant collateral agreements, repossess collateral, including aircraft or other valuable assets. in addition, an event of default or acceleration of indebtedness under one agreement could result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements. the acceleration of significant indebtedness could require us to seek to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there is no assurance that such renegotiation or refinancing efforts would be successful.
item 1a. risk factors we are at risk of losses and adverse publicity stemming from a serious accident involving our aircraft or aircraft of our airline partners.
an aircraft crash or other serious accident involving our aircraft or those of our airline partners could expose delta to significant liability. although we believe that our insurance coverage is appropriate, we may be forced to bear substantial losses from an accident in the event that the coverage was not sufficient.
in addition, any accident involving an aircraft that we operate or an aircraft that is operated by an airline that is one of our regional carriers or codeshare, alliance or joint venture partners could create a negative public perception about safety and reliability for aviation authorities and the public, which could harm our reputation, resulting in air travelers being reluctant to fly on our aircraft and therefore harm our business.
breaches or lapses in the security of the technology systems we use and rely on and the data stored within them, as well as ever-evolving global privacy and security regulatory obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
as a regular part of our ordinary business operations, we collect and store sensitive data, including information necessary for our operations, personal information of our passengers and employees and information of our business partners. the secure operation of the networks and systems on which this type of information is stored, processed and maintained is critical to our business operations and strategy.
our information systems and those of our service providers are subject to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks, and the increase in work-from-home arrangements since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic could potentially enhance these risks. we expect unauthorized parties to continue attempting to gain access to our systems or information, or those of our business partners and service providers, including through fraud or other means of deception, or introduction of malicious code, such as viruses, worms, trojan horses and ransomware. if successful, these actions could cause harm to our computer systems or compromise data stored on our computer networks or those of our business partners and service providers. for example, we were notified in 2018 that a third-party vendor of chat services for delta and other companies determined we had been involved in a cyber incident for a short period in 2017. we have incurred remedial, legal and other costs in connection with this incident but the costs were not material to our financial position or results of operations. hardware or software we or our business partners or service providers develop, acquire or use in connection with our systems may contain defects that could unexpectedly compromise information security.
the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or to detect for long periods of time. as a result of these types of risks and regular attacks on our systems, we regularly review and update procedures and processes to prevent and protect against unauthorized access to our systems and information and inadvertent misuse of data. in addition to continuously assessing risk and reviewing our procedures, processes and technologies, we continue to educate our people about these risks and to monitor, review and update the process and control requirements we expect third parties and vendors to leverage and implement for the protection of information regarding our customers, employees or business partners that is in their care. however, the constantly changing nature of the threats means that we may not be able to prevent all information security breaches or misuse of data.
the compromise of our or our business partners' or service providers' technology systems resulting in the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of, or access to, our information or that of our customers, employees or business partners could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy and security of personal information, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any or all of which could adversely affect our business. the costs to remediate breaches and similar system compromises that do occur could be material. in addition, as cybercriminals become more sophisticated, the cost of proactive defensive measures continues to increase.
item 1a. risk factors disruptions of our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations, possibly having a material adverse effect on our business.
disruptions in our information technology capability could result from a technology error or failure impacting our internal systems, whether hosted internally at our data centers or externally at third-party locations, or large scale external interruption in technology infrastructure support on which we depend, such as power, telecommunications or the internet. the operation of our technology systems and the use of related data may also be vulnerable to a variety of other sources of interruption, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. a significant individual, sustained or repeated failure of our information technology infrastructure, including third-party networks we utilize and on which we depend, could impact our operations and our customer service, result in increased costs and damage our reputation. while we have in place initiatives to prevent disruptions and disaster recovery plans and continue to invest in improvements to these initiatives and plans, we have previously experienced infrastructure disruptions and these measures may not be adequate to prevent a future business disruption and any material adverse financial and reputational consequences to our business as recent outages of large cloud providers whom we rely on has shown.
failure of the technology we use to perform effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are dependent on technology initiatives and capabilities to provide customer service and operational effectiveness in order to compete in the current business environment. for example, substantially all of our tickets are issued to our customers as electronic tickets, and a growing number of our customers check in using our website, airport kiosks and our flydelta mobile application. we have made and continue to make significant investments in customer facing technology such as delta.com, the flydelta mobile application, in-flight wireless internet, check-in kiosks, customer service applications, application of biometric technology, airport information displays and related initiatives, including security for these initiatives. we are also investing in significant upgrades to technology infrastructure and other supporting systems and transitioning to cloud-based technologies. the performance, reliability and security of the technology we use are critical to our ability to serve customers. if this technology does not perform effectively, including as a result of the implementation or integration of new or upgraded technologies or systems, our business and operations would be negatively affected, which could be material.
our commercial relationships with airlines in other parts of the world and the investments that we have in certain of those carriers may not produce the results or returns we expect.
an important part of our strategy to expand our global network has been to develop and expand strategic relationships with a number of airlines through joint ventures and other forms of cooperation and support, including equity investments. we expect to continue exploring ways to deepen our alliance relationships with other carriers as part of our global business strategy. these relationships and investments involve significant challenges and risks, including that they may not generate the expected financial results or that we may not realize a satisfactory return on our investment. we are dependent on these other carriers for significant aspects of our network in the regions in which they operate.
the covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted the operations of our airline partners and could adversely affect the expansion of strategic relationships in the future. these carriers have incurred significant financial losses as a result of the pandemic, and some have been or may be forced to seek protection under applicable bankruptcy laws. for example, following the onset of the pandemic, latam and grupo aeroméxico filed voluntary proceedings to reorganize under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code and virgin atlantic undertook a voluntary recapitalization process in the united kingdom ("u.k.") and instituted ancillary proceedings in support of that process in the u.s. as discussed further in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, due to the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, along with these actions, the carrying value of our equity investments in these three carriers has been reduced to, and remained, zero as of december 31, 2021. during the december 2021 quarter, we announced additional investments in each of these carriers, which with respect to latam and grupo aeroméxico, remain subject to completion of their respective reorganizations and related terms, conditions and approvals. if any airline partners that seek to restructure or recapitalize are unable to do so successfully or if our commercial arrangements with these partners are not maintained, any investments or other assets associated with those partners could become impaired, and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
item 1a. risk factors a significant disruption in, or other problems with respect to, the operations or performance of third parties on which we rely, including third-party carriers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we rely on the operations and performance of third parties in a number of areas that are important to our business, including third-party regional carriers, international alliance partners and ground operation providers at some airports. while we have agreements with certain of these third parties that define expected service performance, we do not have direct control over their operations. to the extent that the operations of a third party on which we rely is significantly disrupted, including as a result of the pandemic, or if these third parties experience significant performance issues (including failing to satisfy any applicable performance standards) or fail to meet any applicable compliance requirements, our revenue may be reduced, our expenses may be increased and our reputation may be harmed, any or all of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
some regional carriers, including our wholly-owned subsidiary, endeavor, have faced a shortage of qualified pilots. if this shortage becomes more widespread, third-party regional carriers may not be able to comply with their obligations to us, and endeavor may not be able to perform as expected, which could reduce our capacity (available seat miles) and revenue, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments that may materially adversely affect our results of operations.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we are required to test our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently where there is an indication of impairment. in addition, we are required to test certain of our other assets for impairment where there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, we recorded significant impairment and related charges related to acceleration of our fleet simplification strategy and the write-down of investments in certain airline partners, stemming from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
we may be required to recognize losses in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, government regulatory changes, decline in the fair values of certain tangible or intangible assets, such as aircraft, route authorities, and airport slots, unfavorable trends in forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. further impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
employee strikes and other labor-related disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our operations.
our business is labor intensive, utilizing large numbers of pilots, flight attendants, aircraft maintenance technicians, ground support personnel and other personnel. as of december 31, 2021, 20% of our workforce, primarily pilots, was unionized. relations between air carriers and labor unions in the united states are governed by the railway labor act, which provides that a collective bargaining agreement between an airline and a labor union does not expire, but instead becomes amendable as of a stated date. the railway labor act generally prohibits strikes or other types of self-help actions both before and after a collective bargaining agreement becomes amendable, unless and until the collective bargaining processes required by the railway labor act have been exhausted. the collective bargaining agreement with our pilots became amendable on december 31, 2019 and we are in discussions with the representative of the pilots regarding terms of the agreement under the auspices of the nmb. separately, the nlra governs monroe's relations with the union representing their employees, which generally allows self help after a collective bargaining agreement expires.
if we or our subsidiaries are unable to reach agreement with any of our unionized work groups in future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements or if additional segments of our workforce become unionized, we may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act or the nlra, as the case may be. strikes or labor disputes with our unionized employees may have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. likewise, if third-party regional carriers with which we have contract carrier agreements are unable to reach agreement with their unionized work groups in current or future negotiations regarding the terms of their collective bargaining agreements, those carriers may be subject to work interruptions or stoppages, subject to the requirements of the railway labor act, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
item 1a. risk factors our results can fluctuate due to the effects of weather, natural disasters and seasonality.
our results of operations are impacted by severe weather, natural disasters and seasonality. severe weather conditions and natural disasters (or other environmental events) can significantly disrupt service and create air traffic control problems. these events decrease revenue and can also increase costs. in addition, increases in the frequency, severity or duration of thunderstorms, hurricanes, typhoons, floods or other severe weather events, including from changes in the global climate and rising global temperatures, could result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in loss of revenue and higher costs. in addition, demand for air travel is typically higher in the june and september quarters, particularly in our international markets, because there is more vacation travel during these periods than during the remainder of the year. the seasonal shifting of demand causes our financial results to vary on a seasonal basis. because of fluctuations in our results from weather, natural disasters and seasonality, results of operations for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for a future period and results of operations for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of results of operations for an entire year.
our business and results of operations are dependent on the price of aircraft fuel. high fuel costs or cost increases, including in the cost of crude oil, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in the price of aircraft fuel. over the last decade, fuel prices have been highly volatile and at times have increased substantially. from 2019 to 2021, our average annual fuel price per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedges, has varied from $1.64 to $2.02 with year to year variations ranging from a decrease of 19% to an increase of 23%.
we acquire a significant amount of jet fuel from monroe and through strategic agreements associated with the refinery that monroe has with third parties. the cost of the fuel we purchase under these arrangements remains subject to volatility in the cost of crude oil and jet fuel. in addition, we have historically purchased a significant amount of aircraft fuel in addition to what we obtain from monroe. our aircraft fuel purchase contracts alone do not provide material protection against price increases as these contracts typically establish the price based on industry standard market price indices.
the competitive nature of the airline industry may affect our ability to pass along rapidly increasing fuel costs to our customers. in addition, because passengers often purchase tickets well in advance of their travel, a significant rapid increase in fuel price may result in the fare charged not covering that increase. at times in the past, we often were not able to increase our fares to offset fully the effect of increases in fuel costs, and we may not be able to do so in the future.
significant extended disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel, including from monroe, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and results of operations.
weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or disputes involving oil-producing countries, changes in governmental policy concerning aircraft fuel production, transportation or taxes, changes in refining capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may impact crude oil and fuel supply and could result in shortages in the future. shortages in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition.
the disruption or interruption of production at the refinery could have a negative impact on our ability to acquire jet fuel needed for our operations. disruptions or interruptions of production at the refinery could result from various sources including a major accident or mechanical failure, interruption of supply or delivery of crude oil, work stoppages relating to organized labor issues, or damage from severe weather or other natural or man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism. if the refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, disruptions in fuel supplies could have negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the financial benefits from the operation of the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs.
if monroe's cost of producing non-jet fuel products exceeds the value it receives for those products, the financial benefits we expect to achieve through the ownership of the refinery and our consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
item 1a. risk factors an environmental or other incident associated with the operation of the monroe refinery could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results if insurance is unable to cover a significant liability. in addition, such an incident could damage our reputation.
monroe's refining operations are subject to various hazards unique to refinery operations, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions and natural catastrophes. monroe could incur substantial losses, including cleanup costs, fines and other sanctions and third-party claims, and its operations could be interrupted, as a result of such an incident. monroe's insurance coverage does not cover all potential losses, costs or liabilities, and monroe could suffer losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts greater than its insurance coverage. in addition, monroe's ability to obtain and maintain adequate insurance may be affected by conditions in the insurance market over which it has no control. if monroe were to incur a significant liability for which it is not fully insured or for which insurance companies do not or are unable to provide coverage, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations or consolidated financial position. in addition, because of our ownership of monroe, the occurrence of an environmental or other incident could result in damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
the operation of the refinery by monroe is subject to significant environmental regulation. failure to comply with environmental regulations or the enactment of additional regulation applicable to monroe could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
monroe's operations are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures and greenhouse gas emissions, which are subject to change over time. monroe could incur fines and other sanctions, cleanup costs and third-party claims as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental, health and safety requirements, which if significant, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results. in addition, the enactment of new, more stringent environmental laws and regulations, including any laws or regulations relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could significantly increase the level of expenditures required for monroe or restrict its operations.
in particular, under the energy independence and security act of 2007, the epa has adopted rfs that mandates the blending of renewable fuels into transportation fuels. rins are assigned to renewable fuels produced or imported into the u.s. that are blended into transportation fuels to demonstrate compliance with this obligation. a refinery may meet its obligation under rfs by blending the necessary volumes of renewable fuels with transportation fuels, by purchasing rins in the open market or through a combination of blending and purchasing rins.
because monroe is able to blend only a small amount of renewable fuels, it must purchase the majority of its rins requirement in the secondary market. as a result, monroe is exposed to the market price of rins. market prices for rins have been volatile, marked by periods of sharp increases and decreases primarily in response to speculation about what the epa and/or the u.s. congress will do with respect to compliance obligations. we cannot predict these actions or the future prices of rins. during 2021 and 2020, monroe's operating losses were driven in part by an increase in rins costs. monroe's purchase of rins at elevated prices in the future could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and cash flows.
existing laws or regulations could change, and the minimum volumes of renewable fuels that must be blended with refined petroleum products may increase. increases in the volume of renewable fuels that must be blended into monroe's products could limit the refinery's production if sufficient numbers of rins are not available for purchase or relief from this requirement is not obtained, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results.
if we lose senior management and other key employees and they are not replaced by individuals with comparable skills, or we otherwise fail to maintain our company culture, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our officers and other key employees to design and execute our business plans. if we experience a substantial turnover in our leadership and other key employees and we are not able to replace these persons with individuals with comparable skills, or we otherwise fail to maintain our company culture, our performance could be materially adversely impacted. furthermore, we may be unable to attract and retain additional qualified senior management and other key personnel as needed in the future.
item 1a. risk factors significant damage to our reputation and brand, including as a result of significant adverse publicity or inability to achieve certain sustainability goals, could materially adversely affect our business and financial results.
maintaining our reputation and global brand is critical to our business. we operate in a highly visible and public environment with significant real-time exposure to traditional and social media. adverse publicity, whether justified or not, can rapidly spread, including through social or digital media. in particular, passengers can use social media to portray interactions with delta, without context, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent we are unable to respond in a timely and appropriate manner to adverse publicity, our brand and reputation may be damaged.
our reputation and brand could also be adversely impacted by, among other things, failure to make progress toward and achieve our environmental sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion goals, as well as public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies or negative public perception of the environmental impact of air travel. for example, we intend to invest $1.0 billion through 2030 toward airline carbon neutrality and to establish ambitious new medium- and long-term goals to reduce our emissions, but we are unable to achieve the latter goals using our existing fleet, current technologies and available fuel sources. we are diligently working to establish a reasonable transition plan with respect to our medium- and long-term climate goals; however, our ability to execute on such a plan is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, as it is dependent on the actions of governments and third parties and will require, among other things, significant capital investment, including from third parties, research and development from manufacturers and other stakeholders, along with government policies and incentives to reduce the cost, and incent production, of saf and other technologies that are not presently in existence or available at scale. significant damage to our reputation and brand could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including as a result of litigation related to any of these matters.
item 1a. risk factors risk factors relating to the airline industry terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or the fear or threat of any of these events, could have a significant adverse effect on our business. despite significant security measures at airports and airlines, the airline industry remains a high profile target for terrorist groups. we rely on government provided threat intelligence and utilize private sources to constantly monitor for threats from terrorist groups and individuals, including from violent extremists both internationally and domestically, with respect to direct threats against our operations and in ways not directly related to the airline industry. in addition, the impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of commercial aircraft by parties to those conflicts can be significant. security events, primarily from external sources but also from potential insider threats, also pose a significant risk to our passenger and cargo operations. these events could include random acts of violence and could occur in public areas that we cannot control.
terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events, or the fear or threat of any of these events, even if not made directly on or involving the airline industry, could have a significant negative impact on us by discouraging passengers from flying, leading to decreased ticket sales and increased refunds. in addition, potential costs from these types of events include increased security costs, impacts from avoiding flight paths over areas in which conflict is occurring or could occur, such as flight redirections or cancellations, reputational harm and other costs. if any or all of these types of events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the global airline industry is highly competitive and, if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), operational reliability, services, products, customer service and loyalty programs. consolidation in the airline industry, changes in international alliances, the creation of immunized joint ventures and the rise of subsidized government-sponsored international carriers have altered and will continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and competitive cost structures.
our domestic operations are subject to significant competition from traditional network carriers, including american airlines and united airlines, national point-to-point carriers, including alaska airlines, jetblue airways and southwest airlines, and other discount or ultra-low-cost carriers, including spirit airlines, frontier airlines and allegiant air, some of which may have lower costs than we do and provide service at low fares to destinations served by delta. in particular, we face significant competition at our domestic hubs and key airports either directly at those airports or at the hubs of other airlines that are located in close proximity. we also face competition in smaller to medium-sized markets from regional jet operations of other carriers. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers, including from point-to-point carriers on certain international routes. through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional european and asian gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships.
in particular, several joint ventures among u.s. and foreign carriers, including several of our joint ventures as well as those of our competitors, have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. in addition, alliances formed by domestic and foreign carriers, including skyteam, the star alliance (among united airlines, lufthansa german airlines, air canada and others) and the oneworld alliance (among american airlines, british airways, qantas and others) have enhanced competition in international markets.
the airline industry also faces competition from surface transportation and technological alternatives such as virtual meetings, teleconferencing or videoconferencing, and the intensity of this competition has likely increased, at least in the near term, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. increased competition in both the domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports in which we operate or significant problems associated with a type of aircraft or engine we operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
the airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the united states and throughout the world. an extended interruption or disruption at an airport where we have significant operations, whether resulting from a discrete event, such as a hurricane, or the manifestation of a chronic physical risk, such as rising sea levels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, the airline industry is heavily dependent on a limited number of aircraft and engine manufacturers whose products are subject to extensive regulatory requirements. any significant problems associated with an aircraft or engine type that we operate, such as design defects, mechanical problems, contractual performance by the manufacturers or adverse perception by the public leading to customer avoidance or adverse actions by the faa resulting in grounding could have a negative impact on our operations if we are not able to substitute or replace the affected aircraft or engine type and could, in any event, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which is costly and could materially adversely affect our business.
airlines are subject to extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that result in significant costs and may have material adverse effects on our business. for instance, the faa from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that necessitate significant expenditures and could carry operational implications. we expect to continue incurring significant expenses to comply with the faa's regulations. in addition, a directive or other regulation that has a significant operational impact on us could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
other laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates and charges have also been imposed from time to time that significantly increase the cost of airline operations, reduce revenues or otherwise impact our business. the industry is heavily taxed. additional taxes and fees, if implemented, could negatively impact our results of operations.
airport slot access is subject to government regulation and changes in slot regulations or allocations could impose a significant cost on the airlines operating in airports subject to such regulations or allocations or otherwise adversely affect an airline's business. certain of our hubs are among the most congested airports in the united states and have been, and could in the future be, the subject of regulatory action that might limit the number of flights and/or increase costs of operations at certain times or throughout the day. air traffic control inefficiencies can also enhance these pressures.
in addition, the failure of the federal government to upgrade the u.s. air traffic control system, which is regulated by the faa, has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain congested markets. the failure to improve the air traffic control system could lead to increased delays and inefficiencies in flight operations as demand for u.s. air travel increases, having a material adverse effect on our operations. failure to update the air traffic control system in a timely manner, and the substantial funding requirements of an updated system that may be imposed on air carriers, may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
as an international carrier, we are subject to a wide variety of u.s. and foreign laws that affect trade, including tariff and trade policies, export and import requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. in particular, the imposition of significant tariffs with respect to aircraft that we are not able to mitigate could substantially increase our costs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
in addition, some of our operations are in high-risk legal compliance environments. failure to comply with trade sanctions and restrictions, the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and similar anti-bribery laws in non-u.s. jurisdictions, as well as other applicable laws or regulations could result in litigation, assessment of damages, imposition of penalties or other consequences, any or all of which could harm our reputation and have an adverse effect on our financial results. in certain circumstances, we also may be subject to consequences of the failure of our airline partners to comply with laws and regulations, including u.s. laws to which they may be subject such as the fcpa.
we and other u.s. carriers are subject to u.s. and foreign laws regarding privacy of passenger and employee data that are not consistent in all countries in which we operate and which are continuously evolving, requiring ongoing monitoring and updates to our privacy and information security programs. although we dedicate significant resources to manage compliance with global privacy and information security obligations, this challenging regulatory environment may pose material risks to our business, including increased operational burdens and costs, regulatory enforcement, and legal claims or proceedings.
item 1a. risk factors the airline industry is subject to many forms of environmental regulation, including but not limited to increased regulation to reduce emissions and other risks associated with climate change. the cost of compliance with more stringent environmental regulations, failure to comply with existing or future regulations or failure to otherwise manage the risks of climate change effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business.
many aspects of our operations are subject to evolving and increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws governing the protection of the environment. compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations could require capital investment and increase operational costs, and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational harm.
future regulatory action concerning climate change, aircraft emissions and noise emissions could have a significant effect on the airline industry. in order to address aircraft carbon dioxide emissions, the international civil aviation organization, a united nations specialized agency, formally adopted a global, market-based emission offset program known as corsia. this program establishes a goal for the aviation industry to achieve carbon-neutral growth in international aviation beginning in 2021 through the use of carbon offsets and/or lower carbon aviation fuel. the baseline for establishing airlines' offset obligations under corsia was originally set as an average of 2019 and 2020 emissions. however, given the covid-19 pandemic and resulting unprecedented reduction in international travel, icao removed 2020 from the baseline calculation for the first phases of corsia, from 2021 to 2027. icao has yet to decide how to apply the baseline beyond 2027. some countries and other stakeholders, however, have advocated for reestablishing 2020 in the baseline and for using 2020 for the future baseline calculation, which, if adopted, would significantly increase the airline industry's projected obligations under the program and the cost of compliance. certain corsia program details remain to be developed and could potentially be affected by political developments in participating countries or the results of the pilot phase of the program, and thus the impact of corsia cannot be predicted at this time. however, corsia is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally.
in addition to corsia, we may face a patchwork of regulation of aircraft emissions in the u.s. and abroad and could become subject to further taxes, charges or additional requirements to obtain permits or purchase allowances or emission credits for greenhouse gas emissions in various jurisdictions. for example, in 2021 the european commission proposed legislation that would expand the reach of the eu ets to include flights into and out of the european economic area beginning in 2027 under certain circumstances, increase the stringency of the program, and establish a sustainable aviation fuel blending mandate for aviation fuel suppliers, among other requirements. individual eu member states have been developing their own requirements, including for example, a saf mandate in france that will be phased in at the beginning of 2022. in the united states various exploratory discussions continue around approaches to address climate change, such as carbon pricing, without a clear legislative path forward. additional regulation could result in taxation, regulatory or permitting requirements from multiple jurisdictions for the same operations and significant costs for the airline industry, including delta. in addition to direct costs, such regulation could result in increased fuel costs passed through from fuel suppliers affected by any such regulations. while the specific nature of future actions is hard to predict, new laws or regulations related to environmental matters adopted in the u.s. or other countries could impose significant additional costs on or otherwise adversely affect our operations. certain airports have also adopted, and others could in the future adopt, greenhouse gas emission or climate-related goals and requirements that could impact our operations or require us to make changes or investments in our infrastructure.
in addition to risks from potential changes to environmental regulation and policy, the transition to lower-carbon technologies, such as saf, or changes in consumer preferences resulting from a negative perception of the environmental impact of air travel could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. for example, lower-carbon technologies such as saf and direct air capture technologies are currently not available at scale and may take decades to develop, and the cost to transition to them could be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government policies and incentives in place. as more businesses have publicly announced environmental sustainability goals, the cost of carbon offsets has also increased significantly and will likely continue to do so.
item 1a. risk factors because of the global nature of our business, unfavorable economic or political conditions in the markets in which we operate or volatility in currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a result of the discretionary nature of air travel, the airline industry has been cyclical and particularly sensitive to changes in economic conditions. because we operate globally, our business is subject to economic and political conditions throughout the world. during periods of unfavorable or volatile economic conditions in the economy in the u.s. or abroad, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and the worldwide response to it, demand for air travel can be significantly impacted as business and leisure travelers choose not to travel, seek alternative forms of transportation for short trips or conduct business using technological alternatives. if unfavorable economic conditions occur, particularly for an extended period, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, significant or volatile changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies, and the imposition of exchange controls or other currency restrictions, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial conditions and results of operations.
our international operations are an important part of our route network. political disruptions and instability around the world can negatively impact the demand and network availability for air travel. additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel.
item 7. md&a item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our business and operating results continue to be significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. however, as described further below, we have seen improvement in our business beginning in march 2021 and progressing through 2021. given the drastic and unprecedented impact of the pandemic on our operating results in 2020, we believe that for the financial highlights discussion below, a comparison of our results in 2021 to both 2020 and 2019 allows for a better understanding of the full impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the progress of our recovery.
this section of form 10-k, however, does not address certain items regarding the year ended december 31, 2019. discussion and analysis of 2019 and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 not included in this form 10-k can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020. the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information as well as the material risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
the table below shows certain key financial measures for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019:
total operating revenue                     $29,899                       $17,095                     $47,007                                75              %                          (36)              %
total operating expense                      28,013                        29,564                      40,389                               (5)              %                          (31)              %
total non-operating expense, net            (1,488)                       (3,118)                       (420)                              (52)              %                                           nm income/(loss) before income taxes               398                      (15,587)                       6,198                                               nm                          (94)              %
(1)certain variances are labeled as not meaningful ("nm") throughout management's discussion and analysis.
financial highlights - 2021 compared to 2019
our pre-tax income for 2021 was $398 million, which includes recognition of $4.5 billion in grants from the payroll support program extension ("psp2") and payroll support program 3 ("psp3"). this is a $5.8 billion decrease compared to 2019 primarily due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business which resulted in a 36% decrease in revenue, partially offset by a reduction in operating expense, including the government grant recognition. pre-tax loss, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) which excludes the government grant recognition and other items was $3.4 billion, a decrease of $9.6 billion compared to 2019.
revenue. compared to 2019, our operating revenue decreased $17.1 billion, or 36% due to reduced demand resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
the length and severity of the reduction in travel demand due to the covid-19 pandemic remains uncertain; however, with continued distribution of effective vaccines and easing of travel advisories and restrictions, we believe customer confidence will continue to grow, leading to increased demand during 2022. we expect domestic leisure travel to exceed 2019 levels in 2022, while we expect business travel to continue to return as many companies are expected to expand "return to office" plans throughout 2022. international demand recovery has been uneven as the covid-19 variants and related travel restrictions impact various countries within our international network, though we believe demand will begin accelerating in the second half of 2022 as travel restrictions are lifted. we continue to monitor risks to the pace of recovery from covid-19 variants, the effectiveness of vaccine programs and travel advisories and restrictions. we are planning for our system capacity to be approximately 15% lower in the march 2022 quarter than the march 2019 quarter and approximately 10% lower for the full year of 2022 compared to 2019.
operating expense. total operating expense decreased $12.4 billion, or 31%, compared to 2019, primarily resulting from recognition of the grants from psp2 and psp3, lower volume-related expenses (mainly fuel and passenger commissions and other selling expenses), lower salaries and related costs and profit sharing expense, and significant cost reduction measures taken across all aspects of our operation in response to the covid-19 pandemic. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in expenses related to refinery sales to third parties, reflected in ancillary business and refinery expense, as well as recovery related and transition costs incurred (e.g., aircraft reactivation, hiring, training, overtime and reservations volume) as we return closer to pre-pandemic levels of demand and capacity. total operating expense, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) decreased $10.9 billion, or 27% compared to 2019.
item 7. md&a - financial highlights our total operating cost per available seat mile ("casm") decreased 2% to 14.40 cents compared to 2019, primarily due to the cost reductions discussed above and partially offset by a 29% decrease in capacity. non-fuel unit costs ("casm-ex", a non-gaap financial measure) increased 11% to 12.12 cents due to the 29% decrease in capacity, despite a decline in adjusted operating expenses.
minimizing unit cost increases is important to delivering on our overall financial objectives. during 2022, however, we expect non-fuel unit costs to increase 7%-10% compared to 2019. this expected unit cost increase is primarily due to 2022 capacity projected to be lower than 2019, costs associated with rebuilding our network, investments to support an elevated customer experience and our premium brand focus, and inflation and labor cost escalation in the underlying business. we expect non-fuel unit cost increases compared to 2019 to moderate in future years as we return to and exceed pre-pandemic capacity and benefit from cost reduction measures implemented during 2020 that were structural in nature.
we have experienced, and expect to continue experiencing, increased cost inflation as a result of global macroeconomic trends, actions we took in response to the covid-19 pandemic and labor shortages at our suppliers. actions we have taken to mitigate the impact of expected inflation include leveraging scale and efficiency in our underlying business through improved asset utilization and seeking productivity improvements through increased scale efficiencies and technology enhancements.
non-operating results. total non-operating expense was $1.5 billion in 2021, $1.1 billion higher than 2019, primarily due to higher interest expense as a result of our increased debt balances due to the financing arrangements entered into during 2020.
cash flow. our liquidity at december 31, 2021 was $14.2 billion, an $8.2 billion increase compared to december 31, 2019 as a result of proceeds from loans and debt issuances and other liquidity initiatives. during 2021, operating activities provided $3.3 billion, including $4.5 billion from the payroll support program grants, which was partially offset by the $1.5 billion in contributions we made to our defined benefit pension plans. during 2021, we incurred approximately $900 million of net investing cash outflows, primarily for $3.2 billion capital expenditures, partially offset by $2.4 billion of net redemptions of short-term investments. capital expenditures primarily related to the purchase of aircraft, fleet modifications, our airport redevelopment projects and technology enhancements. these results generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow (a non-gaap financial measure) in 2021 compared to $4.2 billion in 2019. also, during 2021 we had cash outflows of approximately $5.8 billion related to repayments of our debt and finance leases, including approximately $3.8 billion for early repayments and the remainder from scheduled maturities.
the non-gaap financial measures pre-tax loss, adjusted, operating expense, adjusted, casm-ex and free cash flow used above are defined and reconciled in "supplemental information" below.
financial highlights - 2021 compared to 2020
our 2021 pre-tax income improved $16.0 billion compared to 2020. this was primarily due to the restructuring charges, investment impairments and equity method losses recorded during 2020 and a partial recovery in the demand for air travel during 2021, which resulted in a 75% increase in revenue. pre-tax loss, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) was $3.4 billion, an increase of $5.6 billion compared to 2020.
revenue. compared to 2020, our 2021 operating revenue increased $12.8 billion, or 75%, primarily due to increased travel demand.
operating expense. total operating expense decreased $1.6 billion, or 5%, compared to 2020, primarily resulting from the reduction in restructuring charges and recognition of the psp2 and psp3 grants. these decreases were almost fully offset by higher volume-related expenses associated with the increase in capacity and demand, mainly fuel and aircraft maintenance and higher salaries and related costs and an increase in expenses related to refinery sales to third parties, reflected in ancillary business and refinery expense. total operating expense, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) increased $5.1 billion, or 21% compared to 2020.
our casm decreased 35% to 14.40 cents compared to 2020, primarily due to a 45% increase in capacity and reduction in operating expense from the reduction in restructuring charges and recognition of the psp2 and psp3 grants as noted above. casm-ex (a non-gaap financial measure) decreased 22% to 12.12 cents.
item 7. md&a - financial highlights non-operating results. total non-operating expense was $1.5 billion in 2021, $1.6 billion lower than 2020 primarily due to impairments and our proportionate share of equity method losses related to our investments in latam and grupo aeroméxico in 2020, which were zero in 2021, and mark-to-market gains on certain of our other equity investments. these decreases were partially offset by higher interest expense as a result of our increased debt balances due to the financing arrangements entered into during 2020 and losses on debt extinguishment.
cash flow. the $1.3 billion of free cash flow generated in 2021 compared to $4.3 billion of negative free cash flow in 2020.
environmental sustainability during 2021, we built on our previously announced plan to invest $1.0 billion through the end of 2030 toward airline carbon neutrality by committing to, among other things, set medium- and long-term climate goals that are aligned with applicable sbti frameworks, as described further in part i, item 1, "business - environmental sustainability." we expect our path toward achievement of these ambitious climate goals to depend heavily on increased use of saf, which is not presently available at scale or at prices competitive to jet fuel, and improved fuel efficiency from fleet renewal and operational initiatives. during 2021, we signed agreements with numerous corporate and agency customers to offset the premium from our saf purchases. while we do not expect a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in the near term from the use of saf, we are unable to predict the financial impact of increased use of saf on our consolidated financial statements over the longer term, as government policies and incentives for, and sufficient third-party investment in, saf are necessary to make its use in larger quantities commercially and economically feasible. in addition, our fleet renewal efforts will require extensive capital investment in future periods.
in the near-term and subject to market dynamics, we also expect to continue the purchase and retirement of verified carbon offsets in support of our $1.0 billion airline carbon neutrality goal. during 2021, we incurred $95 million of expense related to carbon offsets. this amount consists of $30 million to address 13 million metric tons of carbon emissions generated by our airline segment from march 1 to december 31, 2020 through carbon offsets, as well as an additional $65 million for the purchase and retirement of carbon offsets related to a portion of our airline segment's 2021 carbon emissions. the cost of carbon offsets increased significantly during 2021 and will likely continue to do so, which could adversely affect our financial results as we purchase such offsets either in support of our $1.0 billion airline carbon neutrality goal or in satisfaction of future obligations under corsia, which are described further in part i, item 1, "business - environmental regulation."
item 7. md&a - results of operations results of operations operating revenue year ended december 31,        increase (decrease)        % increase
ticket - business cabin and premium products           7,713             4,294                                        3,419            80   %
travel-related services                                1,394               978                                          416            43   %
total operating revenue                              $29,899           $17,095                                      $12,804            75   %
(2)for additional information on adjustments to trasm, see "supplemental information" below.
operating revenue our operating revenue increased $12.8 billion, or 75%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 due primarily to increased demand in 2021 as a result of the continued recovery from the covid-19 pandemic. the increase in operating revenue, on a 45% increase in capacity, generated a 21% increase in total revenue per available seat mile ("trasm") and a 16% increase in trasm, adjusted (a non-gaap financial measure) compared to 2020.
we have historically generated cargo revenues in domestic and international markets through the use of cargo space on regularly scheduled passenger aircraft. in 2020, following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, reduced industry cargo capacity drove a significant increase in our cargo yield, and we also generated cargo revenue through the operation of cargo-only charter flights (i.e., using aircraft in our fleet not being utilized for passenger travel to fly cargo internationally). this trend continued in 2021, and we would expect capacity constraints and elevated market yields to continue through 2022 while the industry rebuilds international networks to pre-pandemic levels. compared to 2020, we flew additional cargo volume as international networks returned, coupled with a continued increase in yield driven by a combination of constrained capacity and increased demand.
item 7. md&a - results of operations domestic domestic passenger unit revenue ("prasm") for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased 27% with capacity up 45% compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 as a result of the low levels of capacity and demand during 2020 due to the covid-19 pandemic and the ongoing recovery throughout 2021.
beginning in the latter half of the march 2021 quarter, we began to see bookings, primarily leisure, improve from the low levels of 2020. throughout 2021, demand continued to improve, with some variability in periods of rising covid-19 cases attributable to variants of the virus. we remain optimistic about the ultimate recovery of business travel which has been recovering at a slower pace than consumer. we expect this demand to continue to be led by small- and medium-sized businesses and accelerate in the first half of 2022 as more corporate offices reopen; we are, however, unable to fully predict the pace of that recovery.
international international passenger revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased 43% with capacity up 45% compared to the year ended december 31, 2020 as travel to certain destinations has resumed or increased. additionally, while some countries have removed or eased travel restrictions, many countries maintained or reinstituted international testing requirements and travel restrictions, which have restrained demand in the short term but are expected to support the long-term recovery of international air travel.
in november 2021, travel restrictions on most fully vaccinated foreign visitors to the united states were lifted. this action made travel to the u.s. by many foreign nationals possible for the first time in 18 months. despite this policy change, we expect the significantly lower international demand environment to continue through at least the beginning of 2022, with the recovery pace continuing to trail domestic travel.
the atlantic and pacific regions continue to be the most impacted by the restrictions described above. however, during 2021, we began, resumed or increased our service to certain countries in the atlantic region based on their lifting or easing of travel restrictions. travel in the pacific region is largely limited to essential travel, and we expect only small demand improvements until government restrictions ease with minimal improvement until at least the second half of 2022. we will continue to be agile in the restoration of our international network based on changes in government restrictions and consumer demand.
the latin america region has shown the most recovery of the international regions, with continued demand improvement for leisure destinations in the caribbean, mexico and central america. we expect this trend to continue through 2022 with the recovery in the atlantic and pacific regions lagging behind latin america.
ticket validity flexibility in order to provide our customers more flexibility and time to plan or rebook their travel, we made the following changes to our ticket and travel credit expiration dates.
in the march 2021 quarter, we announced the extension of the validity of all passenger tickets and travel credits purchased or expiring in 2021 to december 31, 2022, which allowed for tickets to be rebooked through december 31, 2022 for travel through 2023.
in january 2022, we announced that all existing travel credit holders will have until december 31, 2023 to rebook their ticket for travel throughout 2024. additionally, all delta customers with upcoming 2022 travel or who purchase a ticket in 2022 will also have the flexibility to rebook their ticket through december 31, 2023, and travel throughout 2024.
during 2020, with the exception of basic economy, we eliminated change fees for all tickets originating in north america and waived change fees for tickets originating outside of north america. we also implemented a temporary waiver that allowed basic economy tickets with travel for 2021, which are normally non-changeable, to be changed without paying a fee regardless of origin or destination. starting january 1, 2022, basic economy tickets may be cancelled for a fee to receive a partial ticket credit. we do not expect the updated change fee policies to materially affect our revenue in future periods; however, our estimates of revenue that will be recognized for tickets that expire unused ("ticket breakage") may vary in future periods due to the extension of the validity of passenger tickets and travel credits.
item 7. md&a - results of operations other revenue year ended december 31,        increase (decrease)        % increase
ancillary businesses             793               648                                                145      22   %
refinery. this represents refinery sales to third parties. these sales, which are at or near cost, increased $2.1 billion compared to 2020. the increase in third-party refinery sales resulted from the refinery's shift to producing and selling more non-jet fuel products due to the lower level of demand for jet fuel compared to historical levels, in addition to higher pricing during 2021. see "refinery segment" below for additional details on the refinery's operations, including third-party refinery sales recorded in other revenue, during each period.
loyalty program. loyalty program revenues relate to brand usage by third parties and other performance obligations embedded in miles sold, including redemption of miles for non-travel awards. these revenues are mainly driven by customer spend on american express cards and new cardholder acquisitions. as co-brand card spend and card acquisitions continue to be strong, revenues from our relationship with american express increased in the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to 2020.
ancillary businesses. ancillary businesses includes aircraft maintenance services we provide to third parties and our vacation wholesale operations.
miscellaneous. miscellaneous revenue is primarily composed of lounge access, including access provided to certain american express cardholders, and codeshare revenues. compared to 2020, these transactions have increased due to the ongoing recovery of our business that continued to materialize in 2021. our network of delta sky club lounges was fully reopened by the end of july 2021 after some lounges temporarily closed at the onset of the pandemic in 2020.
item 7. md&a - results of operations operating expense year ended december 31,        increase (decrease)          % increase
ancillary businesses and refinery                            3,957             1,785                                                2,172       122   %
contracted services                                          2,420             1,953                                                  467        24   %
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs           1,401               822                                                  579        70   %
passenger service                                              756               551                                                  205        37   %
profit sharing                                                 108                 -                                                  108            nm government grant recognition                               (4,512)           (3,946)                                          (566)              14   %
total operating expense                                    $28,013           $29,564                                       $(1,551)             (5)   %
in response to the reduced demand and related reduction in revenue following the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in early 2020, we quickly reduced capacity to more closely align with demand, implemented cost saving initiatives related to our fleet and operations, offered employees voluntary separation programs and delayed or eliminated nearly all discretionary spending.
during 2021, distribution of vaccines continued, travel restrictions and advisories eased and customer confidence continued to grow despite the negative impact of covid-19 virus variants in the second half of 2021. as a result, we saw revenue and capacity return and related operating expense line items increase. the continued restoration of our operations was the primary driver for the increases in contracted services, landing fees and other rents, passenger commissions and other selling expenses, passenger service and other expense. other year-over-year fluctuations are discussed below.
salaries and related costs. in the second half of 2020, approximately 18,000 employees elected to participate in voluntary separation programs, which initially reduced our workforce by approximately 20%, though some of those positions have subsequently been filled. since the beginning of 2021, we have hired approximately 11,000 employees in certain areas, including flight operations, airport customer service and reservations and customer care, in order to support our operations as demand and capacity return.
beginning in march 2020 and continuing through december 2020, we reduced salaries by 100% for our ceo and 50% for our officers. in addition, we reduced work hours by 25% for all other management and most front-line employee work groups. on january 1, 2021, employees were restored to full work hours, officer salaries were restored and during 2021 we recalled approximately 1,700 pilots from inactive status back to active service. additionally, we offered voluntary unpaid leaves of absence for periods ranging from 30 days up to 12 months and approximately 50,000 and 20,000 of our employees elected to take a leave of absence at various times throughout 2020 and 2021, respectively. these actions resulted in higher salaries and related costs in 2021 compared to 2020.
item 7. md&a - results of operations aircraft fuel and related taxes. fuel expense increased $2.5 billion compared to 2020 primarily due to a 44% increase in consumption on a 45% increase in capacity, and a 31% increase in the market price of jet fuel.
additionally, during 2021, we purchased and retired $95 million of carbon offsets, of which $30 million relates to 13 million metric tons of carbon emissions generated by our airline segment from march 1 to december 31, 2020 as well as $65 million which relates to a portion of 2021 carbon emissions generated by our airline segment. in the table below, these costs are shown in the carbon offset costs line item.
carbon offset costs                                 95                 -                95                          0.03         -           0.03
fuel hedge impact                                    9                22              (13)                             -   0.01                             (0.01)
refinery segment impact                              2               216             (214)                             -   0.11                             (0.11)
(1)market price for jet fuel at airport locations, including related taxes and transportation costs.
ancillary businesses and refinery. ancillary businesses and refinery includes expenses associated with refinery sales to third parties, aircraft maintenance services we provide to third parties and our vacation wholesale operations. increased expenses were primarily related to refinery sales to third parties, which are at or near cost and increased $2.1 billion compared to 2020. the increase compared to 2020 was driven by higher pricing during 2021, with lower production and demand for both jet and non-jet fuel products during 2020. the cost of aircraft maintenance services we provide to third parties increased compared to 2020 due to the increase in flights operated worldwide in 2021.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization decreased compared to 2020 primarily due to the aircraft that were retired or impaired during 2020. as we acquire new aircraft to provide an improved customer experience, greater fuel efficiency and thus reduced carbon emissions, better operating economics and more premium products, we expect depreciation expense to increase in future years.
regional carrier expense. regional carrier expense increased compared to 2020 due to an increase in utilization as a result of the increased demand discussed above.
until 2021, we allocated certain costs (such as landing fees and other rents, salaries and related costs and contracted services) to regional carrier expense in our consolidated statements of operations ("income statement") based on relevant statistics (such as passenger counts). beginning in 2021 we ceased performing this allocation and have reclassified the costs presented in prior periods to align with this presentation. this reclassification better reflects the nature of, and how management views, these regional carrier related expenses. this allocation was approximately $900 million in 2020. the amounts in regional carrier expense under the current presentation represent the accrual of payments to our regional carriers under capacity purchase agreements, maintenance costs related to our regional fleet and the expenses of our wholly owned regional subsidiary, endeavor air, inc.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs. maintenance expense increased compared to 2020 as we returned aircraft to service and to support our operational reliability. the increase compared to 2020 was particularly pronounced due to the significantly reduced capacity during 2020 and the large number of aircraft we had parked during that time.
aircraft rent. most aircraft operating lease expenses are recorded in aircraft rent and are contractually fixed. therefore, the increase in aircraft rent was more muted than our other operating expense line items when compared to 2020.
restructuring charges. during 2020, we recorded restructuring charges of $8.2 billion for items such as fleet impairments and voluntary early retirement and separation programs following strategic business decisions in response to the covid-19 pandemic. in the year ended december 31, 2021, we recognized $19 million of adjustments to certain of those restructuring charges, representing changes in our estimates. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the restructuring charges recorded in 2020.
item 7. md&a - results of operations profit sharing. to recognize the extraordinary efforts of our employees through the pandemic, we will make a special profit-sharing payment to eligible employees in february 2022, based on the adjusted pre-tax profit earned during the second half of 2021.
government grant recognition. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we received a total of $6.4 billion under the psp2 and psp3 agreements with the u.s. department of the treasury, which we were required to use exclusively for the payment of employee wages, salaries and benefits. the support payments included grants totaling $4.5 billion that were recognized as contra-expense in 2021 over the period that the funds were used. the amount recognized in 2021 exceeded the amount recognized during 2020 due to the increase in grants received during the year. see note 6 of the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on psp2 and psp3.
non-operating results year ended december 31,                favorable (unfavorable)
impairments and equity method losses               (337)             (2,432)                              2,095
loss on extinguishment of debt                     (319)                 (8)                              (311)
pension and related benefit/(expense)                451                 219                                232
total non-operating expense, net                $(1,488)            $(3,118)                             $1,630
interest expense, net. interest expense, net includes interest expense and interest income. this increased as a result of the additional interest expense related to financing arrangements entered into during 2020. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent financings and repayments. we have begun reducing the total amount of interest expense by pre-paying our debt in addition to periodic amortization payments and scheduled maturities. this began with early repayments made during the december 2020 quarter and continued with multiple early repayments during 2021 including the early repayment of our $1.5 billion secured term loan, approximately $450 million of various enhanced equipment trust certificates ("eetcs"), approximately $850 million of certain notes through a cash tender offer and $647 million of other secured certificates, unsecured notes and a portion of the skymiles term loan through repurchases on the open market. we will continue to seek opportunities to pre-pay our debt, in addition to periodic amortization payments and scheduled maturities, during 2022 and beyond.
impairments and equity method losses. impairments and equity method losses in 2021 reflect our share of virgin atlantic's equity method losses. impairments and equity method losses in 2020 reflected our share of latam and grupo aeroméxico's equity method results prior to their respective bankruptcy filings, our share of virgin atlantic's equity method results and the impairments reducing the basis of these investments to zero during the june 2020 quarter. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our equity investments.
gain/(loss) on investments, net. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our equity investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis.
loss on extinguishment of debt. loss on extinguishment of debt reflects the losses incurred in the early repayment of the notes, outstanding term loan and eetcs mentioned above. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the early repayment of debt.
pension and related benefit/(expense). pension and related benefit/(expense) reflects the net periodic benefit/(cost) of our pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans. based on our current level of funding, we have modified, and continue to evaluate, the asset allocation mix to reduce the investment risk of the portfolio. the lower risk profile of the portfolio is projected to result in a lower expected long-term rate of return on plan assets in 2022. we expect pension and related benefits to decline in 2022 compared to 2021. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our employee benefit plans.
miscellaneous, net. miscellaneous, net primarily includes foreign exchange gains/(losses) and charitable contributions. miscellaneous, net in 2020 included the $240 million gain recognized as a result of the combination of delta private jets with wheels up in january 2020.
item 7. md&a - income taxes income taxes our effective tax rate for 2021 was 30%. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $4.8 billion of u.s. federal pre-tax net operating loss carryforwards, of which $1.1 billion was generated prior to 2018 and will not begin to expire until 2029. under current tax law, the remaining amount has no expiration.
for more information about our income taxes, see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
refinery segment the refinery operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary monroe primarily produces gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. monroe has agreements in place to exchange the non-jet fuel products the refinery produces with third parties for jet fuel consumed in our airline operations. historically, the jet fuel produced and procured through exchanging gasoline and diesel fuel produced by the refinery provided approximately 200,000 barrels per day, or approximately 75% of our pre-covid-19 pandemic consumption, for use in our airline operations.
the refinery's production has also been altered by the dramatic change in economic conditions caused by the covid-19 pandemic. during 2021, the refinery progressively increased operations, ending the year at near pre-pandemic levels.
refinery segment financial information year ended december 31,
exchange products                                                 $2,293            $1,472                        56         %
sales of refined products                                             40               307                      (87)         %
operating revenue                                                 $6,054            $3,143                        93         %
operating loss                                                      $(2)            $(216)                      (99)         %
refinery segment impact on average price per fuel gallon              $-             $0.11                     (100)         %
refinery revenues increased from $3.1 billion in 2020 to $6.1 billion in 2021, primarily driven by the increase in third-party refinery sales. the increase in third-party refinery sales resulted from the refinery's shift to producing and selling more non-jet fuel products due to the lower level of demand for jet fuel compared to historical levels, in addition to higher pricing during 2021. the refinery decreased its operating loss from $216 million in 2020 to $2 million in 2021 mainly due to the increased production and pricing, partially offset by higher renewable identification numbers ("rins") compliance costs discussed below.
a refinery is subject to annual epa requirements to blend renewable fuels into the gasoline and on-road diesel fuel it produces. alternatively, a refinery may purchase rins from third parties in the secondary market. the monroe refinery purchases the majority of its rins in the secondary market. monroe incurred $422 million in rins compliance costs during 2021, of which $98 million related to accrual rate increases on the prior year obligation, in addition to $172 million accrued in 2020. observable rin prices increased significantly through the first half of 2021, ending 2021 at nearly double the market price at the end of 2020.
at december 31, 2021, we had a net fair value obligation of $497 million. our obligation as of december 31, 2021 was calculated using the epa's proposed renewable fuel standard ("rfs") volume requirements for 2020 and 2021, which were issued in december 2021. the epa has not finalized the compliance deadlines to retire our obligations for 2020 and 2021, but we expect those deadlines to be within one year of the effective date of the new rfs volume requirements.
for more information regarding the refinery's results, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
item 7. md&a - operating statistics operating statistics year ended december 31, consolidated (1)                                                            2021             2020             2019
passenger load factor                                                    69    %          55    %          86    %
approximate full-time equivalent employees, end of period            83,000           74,000           91,000
(1)includes the operations of our regional carriers under capacity purchase agreements. full-time equivalent employees exclude employees of regional carriers that we do not own.
(2)non-gaap financial measures are defined and reconciled to trasm, casm and average fuel price per gallon, respectively, in "supplemental information" below.
(3)includes the impact of fuel hedge activity, refinery segment results and carbon offset costs.
item 7. md&a - financial condition and liquidity financial condition and liquidity as of december 31, 2021, we had $14.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and aggregate principal amount committed and available to be drawn under our revolving credit facilities. we expect to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months with cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash equivalents and cash flows from operations. we expect to meet our long-term liquidity needs with cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. we are continuing to evaluate the appropriate level of liquidity to maintain following the covid-19 pandemic though, at least in the near term, we expect this level to be higher than the liquidity maintained prior to the pandemic. by 2024, we expect liquidity to be between $5 billion and $6 billion as we work to reduce our financial obligations and reinvest in the business.
sources and uses of liquidity operating activities operating activities in 2021 provided $3.3 billion, including funds received from the government support programs described in "financing activities" below, compared to using $3.8 billion in 2020. we expect to continue generating positive cash flows from operations during 2022.
our operating cash flow is impacted by the following factors:
seasonality of advance ticket sales. we sell tickets for air travel in advance of the customer's travel date. when we receive a cash payment at the time of sale, we record the cash received on advance sales as deferred revenue in air traffic liability. the air traffic liability typically increases during the winter and spring months as advanced ticket sales grow prior to the summer peak travel season and decreases during the summer and fall months. however, the reduction in demand for air travel due to the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a lower level of advance bookings and the associated cash received than we have historically experienced which has impacted the typical seasonal trend of air traffic liability since march 2020.
domestic demand has improved since the latter half of the march 2021 quarter as consumers have regained confidence to travel and increased ticket purchases for travel further in advance. we experienced small moderations in demand growth during parts of the second half of 2021 due to a rise in covid-19 cases attributable to covid-19 virus variants. our air traffic liability remains above historical levels with travel credits representing approximately 45% of the balance as of december 31, 2021. this compares to approximately 65% as of december 31, 2020 and approximately 20% prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic.
fuel. fuel expense represented approximately 20% of our total operating expense during 2021. the market price for jet fuel is volatile, which can impact the comparability of our periodic cash flows from operations. the average fuel price per gallon increased in 2021. as capacity and demand increased throughout the year, fuel consumption was higher in 2021 than 2020 as well. we expect that fuel consumption will continue to increase throughout 2022 as we return closer to pre-pandemic levels of demand for air travel, partially offset by increases in fuel efficiency of our fleet.
we expect our commitment to environmental sustainability to depend on increased use of saf, which is not presently available at scale or at prices competitive to jet fuel. while we do not expect a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements in the near-term from the use of saf, we are unable to predict the financial impact of increased use of saf on our consolidated financial statements over the longer term as government policies and incentives for, and sufficient third-party investment in, saf are necessary to make its use in larger quantities commercially and economically feasible.
employee benefit obligations. we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and are frozen for future benefit accruals. our funding obligations for these plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act ("erisa") and any applicable legislation. we had no minimum funding requirements in 2020 or 2021, and have no such requirements in 2022. however, we voluntarily contributed $1.5 billion to these plans during 2021. at this level of funding, investment returns are expected to satisfy future benefit payments, which we believe would eliminate further material voluntary or required cash contributions to the plans under the terms of erisa. further, based on this level of funding, we have modified, and continue to evaluate, the asset allocation mix to reduce the investment risk of the portfolio. estimates of future funding requirements are based on various assumptions and could vary materially from actual funding requirements. assumptions include, among other things, the actual and projected market performance of assets, statutory requirements and demographic data for participants.
item 7. md&a - financial condition and liquidity in addition, we have employee benefit obligations relating primarily to projected future benefit payments from our unfunded postretirement and postemployment plans. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our employee benefit obligations.
voluntary separation programs. in 2020, we recorded a $3.4 billion charge associated with voluntary early retirement and separation programs and other employee benefit charges. approximately $575 million of this charge was disbursed in cash payments to participants during 2021 in addition to $720 million disbursed in 2020. we anticipate that a total of approximately $500 million in cash payments will be made to participants in the voluntary separation programs in 2022 and the remaining payments in 2023 and beyond.
profit sharing. our broad-based employee profit sharing program provides that, for each year in which we have an annual pre-tax profit, as defined by the terms of the program, we will pay a specified portion of that profit to employees. we did not have a profit sharing payment for 2020 based on the pre-tax loss incurred in that year.
to recognize the extraordinary efforts of our employees through the pandemic, we will make a special profit-sharing payment to eligible employees in february 2022, based on the adjusted pre-tax profit earned during the second half of 2021. we will pay $108 million in profit sharing in february 2022.
government support programs. see "financing activities" below for discussion of the impact to our liquidity from the government support programs in 2020 and 2021. we included $4.5 billion and $3.9 billion of grants received in our operating cash flow for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
contract carrier obligations. we have certain estimated minimum fixed obligations under capacity purchase agreements with third-party regional carriers. these minimum amounts are based on the required minimum levels of flying by the regional carriers under the respective agreements and assumptions regarding the costs associated with such minimum levels of flying. as of december 31, 2021 the total of these minimum amounts was $11.7 billion, which range from approximately $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion on an annual basis over the next five years. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our contract carrier obligations.
operating lease obligations. as described further in note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as of december 31, 2021 we had a total of $9.8 billion of minimum operating lease obligations. these minimum lease payments range from approximately $800 million to $1.0 billion on an annual basis over the next five years.
new york-jfk airport expansion. in 2015, we completed two phases of redevelopment at new york-jfk's terminal 4 to facilitate convenient connections for our passengers and improve coordination with our skyteam alliance partners. terminal 4 is operated by jfk international air terminal llc ("iat"), a private party, under its lease with the port authority of new york and new jersey ("port authority"). in december 2010, we entered into a 33-year agreement with iat to sublease space in terminal 4. also, in 2010, the port authority issued approximately $800 million principal amount of special project bonds (the "series 8 bonds") to fund the majority of the project. in december 2020, the nytdc issued approximately $611 million principal amount of special project bonds to refinance the outstanding balance of the series 8 bonds. during 2021, we signed an amendment to the sublease for additional gates at jfk, increasing our lease obligation by $1.2 billion.
we continue to plan for further expansion of terminal 4 and during 2021, the port authority approved modified project plans to renovate terminal 4 and add 10 new gates enabling us to move out of terminal 2 and consolidate our operations at terminal 4. the project is estimated to cost approximately $1.5 billion, and we expect to amend the sublease in the march 2022 quarter. construction started in late 2021 with the project estimated to be complete by the end of 2023.
other obligations. we have certain purchase obligations under which we are required to make minimum payments for goods and services, including, but not limited to, aviation-related, maintenance, insurance, marketing, technology, sponsorships and other third-party services and products. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $8.0 billion of such obligations, which range from approximately $300 million to $800 million on an annual basis over the next five years.
item 7. md&a - financial condition and liquidity investing activities short-term investments. in 2021 we redeemed a net of $2.4 billion in short-term investments. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these investments.
capital expenditures. our capital expenditures (i.e., property and equipment additions in our consolidated statements of cash flows ("cash flows statement")) were $3.2 billion and $1.9 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. our capital expenditures are primarily related to the purchases of aircraft, airport construction projects, fleet modifications and technology enhancements.
we have committed to future aircraft purchases and have obtained, but are under no obligation to use, long-term financing commitments for a substantial portion of the purchase price of the aircraft. excluding the new york-laguardia airport project discussed below, our expected 2022 capital expenditures of approximately $6.0 billion, which may vary depending on financing decisions, will be primarily for aircraft, including deliveries and advance deposit payments, as well as fleet modifications and technology enhancements. as described in part i, item 1. "business - environmental sustainability," aircraft fleet renewal is an important component of our environmental sustainability strategy and the path to achievement of our ambitious climate goals, which will continue to require extensive capital investment in future periods. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our aircraft purchase commitments, which totaled approximately $16.2 billion as of december 31, 2021.
new york-laguardia redevelopment. as part of the terminal redevelopment project at laguardia airport, we are partnering with the port authority to replace terminals c and d with a new state-of-the-art terminal facility consisting of 37 gates across four concourses connected to a central headhouse. the terminal will feature a new, larger delta sky club, wider concourses, more gate seating and nearly double the amount of concessions space than the existing terminals. the facility will also offer direct access between the parking garage and terminal and improved roadways and drop-off/pick-up areas. the design of the new terminal will integrate sustainable technologies and improvements in energy efficiency. construction is underway and is being phased to limit passenger inconvenience. due to an acceleration effort that commenced in 2020, completion is expected by 2025.
in connection with the redevelopment, during 2017, we entered into an amended and restated terminal lease with the port authority with a term through 2050. pursuant to the lease agreement, as amended to date, we will (1) fund (through debt issuance and existing cash) and undertake the design, management and construction of the terminal and certain off-premises supporting facilities, (2) receive a port authority contribution of approximately $500 million to facilitate construction of the terminal and other supporting infrastructure, (3) be responsible for all operations and maintenance during the term of the lease and (4) have preferential rights to all gates in the terminal subject to port authority requirements with respect to accommodation of designated carriers. we currently expect our net project cost to be approximately $3.5 billion and we bear the risks of project construction, including any potential cost over-runs. using funding primarily provided by existing financing arrangements, we spent approximately $950 million, which is primarily reflected in investing activities in our cash flows statement, during 2021, bringing the total amount spent on the project to date to approximately $2.5 billion. we expect to spend approximately $750 million during 2022, of which a majority will be paid using cash restricted for airport construction. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the debt related to this redevelopment project, the new york transportation development corporation ("nytdc") special facilities revenue bonds, series 2018 and nytdc special facilities revenue bonds, series 2020.
in 2019, we opened concourse g, the first of four new concourses, housing seven of the 37 new gates. not only did the new concourse g provide the first direct impact to the delta passenger experience, it also represented the first major phasing milestone. the next major milestone will be the opening of the headhouse and concourse e, which is scheduled for the second quarter of 2022.
los angeles international airport ("lax") construction. we executed a modified lease agreement during 2016 with the city of los angeles (the "city"), which owns and operates lax, and announced plans to modernize, upgrade and provide post-security connection to terminals 2 and 3. construction is underway, which includes a new centralized ticketing and arrival hall, a new security checkpoint, core infrastructure to support the city's planned airport people mover, ramp improvements and a post-security connector to the north side of the tom bradley international terminal.
given reduced passenger volumes resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, we accelerated the construction schedule for this project in 2020. additionally, in 2020, we enhanced the project's scope to include a more customer-friendly design of terminal 3, an expanded delta sky club and baggage system upgrades designed to increase the terminals' operational efficiency going forward. construction is expected to be completed in 2023.
item 7. md&a - financial condition and liquidity the project is expected to cost approximately $2.3 billion. a substantial majority of the project costs are being funded through the regional airports improvement corporation ("raic"), a california public benefit corporation, using a revolving credit facility provided by a group of lenders. the credit facility was executed in 2017 and amended in 2020, and we have guaranteed the obligations of the raic under the credit facility. the revolving credit facility agreement was amended again in january 2022, increasing the revolver capacity from $800 million to $1.1 billion. loans made under the credit facility are being repaid with the proceeds from the city's purchase of completed project assets. under the lease agreement and subsequent project component approvals by the city's board of airport commissioners, the city has appropriated to date approximately $1.8 billion to purchase completed project assets, representing the maximum allowable reimbursement by the city. costs incurred in excess of the $1.8 billion maximum will not be reimbursed by the city. we currently expect our net project costs to be approximately $500 million, of which approximately $250 million has been reflected as investing activities in our cash flows statement since the project started in 2017.
equity investments. to support our international presence, we are investing in virgin atlantic, grupo aeroméxico and latam as each carrier emerges from restructuring or recapitalization processes. after investing approximately $630 million in these carriers during 2021, we expect to invest another approximately $600 million during 2022 for a total combined investment of new capital in these carriers of approximately $1.2 billion. upon completion of their respective processes, we expect to receive an approximately 20% equity stake in grupo aeroméxico and an approximately 10% equity stake in latam, while maintaining our 49% equity stake in virgin atlantic. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our equity investments financing activities debt and finance leases. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent financings and repayments. in 2021, we had cash outflows of approximately $5.8 billion related to repayments of our debt and finance leases, including approximately $3.8 billion for the early repayment of the term loan secured by certain of our slots, gates and routes, various eetcs, certain notes through a cash tender offer and other various unsecured notes, secured certificates and skymiles term loan. we will continue to seek opportunities to pre-pay our debt, in addition to periodic amortization payments and scheduled maturities, during 2022 and beyond.
the principal amount of our debt and finance leases was $27.1 billion at december 31, 2021.
future debt obligations. as described further in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as of december 31, 2021, scheduled maturities of our debt in 2022 and 2023 were $1.5 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, with maturities from 2024 through 2026 ranging between $3.1 billion and $4.2 billion annually. as of december 31, 2021, scheduled maturities after 2026 aggregate to $10.9 billion. in addition, we are obligated to make periodic interest payments at fixed and variable rates, depending on the terms of the applicable debt agreements. based on applicable interest rates and scheduled debt maturities as of december 31, 2021, these interest obligations total approximately $5.5 billion and range from approximately $500 million to $1.0 billion on an annual basis over the next five years. in addition to payment of scheduled debt maturities, we expect to continue paying down our debt in 2022, and therefore reduce our future interest obligations.
our current ratings from the three major credit rating agencies are summarized in the table below:
item 7. md&a - financial condition and liquidity finance lease obligations. as described further in note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2021 we had a total of $2.0 billion of minimum finance lease obligations. these minimum lease payments range from approximately $200 million to $400 million on an annual basis over the next five years.
undrawn lines of credit. as of december 31, 2021 we had approximately $2.9 billion undrawn and available under our revolving credit facilities. in addition, we had $300 million outstanding letters of credit as of december 31, 2021 that did not affect the availability under our revolvers.
covenants. we were in compliance with the covenants in our debt agreements at december 31, 2021. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the covenants in our debt agreements.
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates critical accounting estimates our critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with gaap that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. accordingly, the actual results may differ materially from these estimates. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted below.
loyalty program our skymiles loyalty program generates customer loyalty by rewarding customers with incentives to travel on delta. this program allows customers to earn mileage credits ("miles") by flying on delta, delta connection carriers and other airlines that participate in the loyalty program. when traveling, customers earn miles primarily based on the passenger's loyalty program status, fare class and ticket price. customers can also earn miles through participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels, car rental agencies and ridesharing companies. miles are redeemable by customers in future periods for air travel on delta and other participating airlines, access to our sky club and other program awards. to facilitate transactions with participating companies, we sell miles to non-airline businesses, customers and other airlines.
the loyalty program includes two types of transactions that are considered revenue arrangements with multiple performance obligations (1) passenger ticket sales earning miles and (2) sale of miles to participating companies.
passenger ticket sales earning miles. passenger ticket sales earning miles provide customers with (1) miles earned and (2) air transportation, which are each considered performance obligations. we value each performance obligation on a standalone basis. to value the miles earned, we consider the quantitative value a passenger receives by redeeming miles for a ticket rather than paying cash, which is referred to as equivalent ticket value ("etv"). our estimate of etv is adjusted for miles that are not likely to be redeemed ("mileage breakage"). we use statistical models to estimate mileage breakage based on historical redemption patterns. a change in assumptions to the redemption activity for miles or the estimated fair value of miles expected to be redeemed could have a material impact on our revenue in the year in which the change occurs and in future years. we recognize mileage breakage proportionally during the period in which the remaining miles are actually redeemed.
at december 31, 2021, the aggregate deferred revenue balance associated with the skymiles program was $7.6 billion. a hypothetical 10% change in the number of outstanding miles estimated to be redeemed would result in an impact of approximately $140 million on total operating revenue recognized for the year ended december 31, 2021.
we defer revenue for the miles when earned and recognize loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the miles are redeemed and transportation is provided. we record the air transportation portion of the passenger ticket sales in air traffic liability and recognize passenger revenue when we provide transportation or if the ticket goes unused. a hypothetical 10% increase in our estimate of the etv of a mile would have decreased total operating revenue by approximately $60 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, as a result of an increase in the amount of revenue deferred associated with the miles earned.
sale of miles to participating companies. customers earn miles based on their spending with participating companies such as credit card companies, hotels, car rental agencies and ridesharing companies with which we have marketing agreements to sell miles. our contracts to sell miles under these marketing agreements have multiple performance obligations. payments are typically due to us monthly based on the volume of miles sold during the period, and the initial terms of our marketing contracts are from three to eleven years. during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, total cash sales from marketing agreements related to our loyalty program were $4.1 billion, $2.9 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively, which are allocated to travel and other performance obligations, as discussed below.
our most significant contract to sell miles relates to our co-brand credit card relationship with american express. our agreements with american express provide for joint marketing, grant certain benefits to delta-american express co-branded credit card holders ("cardholders") and american express membership rewards program participants, and allow american express to market its services or products using our customer database. cardholders earn miles for making purchases using co-branded cards, and certain cardholders may also check their first bag for free, are granted discounted access to delta sky club lounges and receive priority boarding and other benefits while traveling on delta. additionally, participants in the american express membership rewards program may exchange their points for miles under the loyalty program. we sell miles at agreed-upon rates to american express which are then provided to their customers under the co-brand credit card program and the membership rewards program.
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates we account for marketing agreements, including those with american express, by allocating the consideration to the individual products and services delivered. we allocate the value based on the relative selling prices of those products and services, which generally consist of award travel, priority boarding, baggage fee waivers, lounge access and the use of our brand. we determine our best estimate of the selling prices by using a discounted cash flow analysis using multiple inputs and assumptions, including (1) the expected number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed, (2) etv for the award travel obligation adjusted for mileage breakage, (3) published rates on our website for baggage fees, discounted access to delta sky club lounges and other benefits while traveling on delta, (4) brand value (using estimated royalties generated from the use of our brand) and (5) volume discounts provided to certain partners.
we defer the amount allocated to award travel as part of loyalty program deferred revenue and recognize loyalty travel awards in passenger revenue as the miles are redeemed and transportation is provided. revenue allocated to services performed in conjunction with a passenger's flight, such as baggage fee waivers, is recognized as travel-related services in passenger revenue when the related service is performed. revenue allocated to access delta sky club lounges is recognized as miscellaneous in other revenue as access is provided. revenue allocated to the remaining performance obligations, primarily brand value, is recorded as loyalty program in other revenue as miles are delivered.
the timing of mile redemptions can vary widely; however, the majority of new miles have historically been redeemed within two years of being earned. the loyalty program deferred revenue classified as a current liability represents our current estimate of revenue expected to be recognized in the next twelve months based on projected redemptions, while the balance classified as a noncurrent liability represents our current estimate of revenue expected to be recognized beyond twelve months. compared to pre-pandemic levels, a larger portion of mile redemptions is projected to occur beyond twelve months and is therefore reflected as a noncurrent liability as of december 31, 2021. we will continue to monitor redemptions as the situation evolves.
for additional information on our significant accounting policies related to the loyalty program, see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
passenger ticket sales we defer sales of passenger tickets to be flown by us or that we sell on behalf of other airlines in our air traffic liability. passenger revenue is recognized when we provide transportation or when the ticket expires unused ("ticket breakage"). for tickets that we sell on behalf of other airlines, we reduce the air traffic liability when consideration is remitted to those airlines. the air traffic liability primarily includes sales of passenger tickets with scheduled departure dates in the future and credits which can be applied as payment toward the cost of a ticket ("travel credits"). travel credits are typically issued as a result of ticket cancellations prior to their expiration dates. we periodically evaluate the estimated air traffic liability and may record adjustments in our income statement. these adjustments relate primarily to refunds, exchanges, ticket breakage, transactions with other airlines and other items for which final settlement occurs in periods subsequent to the sale of the related tickets at amounts other than the original sales price.
we have experienced significant ticket cancellations, particularly in the early months of the pandemic in 2020. during 2020, with the exception of basic economy, we eliminated change fees for all tickets originating in north america and waived change fees for tickets originating outside of north america. in the march 2021 quarter, we announced the extension of the validity of all passenger tickets and travel credits purchased or expiring in 2021 to december 31, 2022, which allowed for tickets to be rebooked through december 31, 2022 for travel through 2023. in january 2022, we announced that all existing travel credit holders will have until december 31, 2023 to rebook their ticket for travel throughout 2024. additionally, all delta customers with upcoming 2022 travel or who purchase a ticket in 2022 will also have the flexibility to rebook their ticket through december 31, 2023, and travel throughout 2024.
we estimate the value of ticket breakage and recognize revenue at the scheduled flight date. our ticket breakage estimates are primarily based on historical experience, ticket contract terms and customers' travel behavior. given the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on customer behavior and changes made in ticket validity terms, as well as the elimination of change fees for most tickets, our estimates of revenue that will be recognized from the air traffic liability for unused tickets may vary in future periods. travel credits represented approximately 45% of the air traffic liability as of december 31, 2021. this compares to approximately 65% as of december 31, 2020 and approximately 20% prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic.
for additional information on our significant accounting policies related to passenger ticket sales, see note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates long-lived assets our long-lived lived assets, including flight equipment, which consists of aircraft and associated engines and parts, operating lease right-of-use ("rou") assets and other long-lived assets, which have a recorded value of approximately $36.0 billion at december 31, 2021, are recorded in property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets on our balance sheets. this value is based on various factors, including the assets' acquisition costs, estimated useful lives, salvage values, discounted lease payments and lease terms. we review flight equipment, rou assets and other long-lived assets used in operations for impairment losses when events and circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. factors which could be indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to (1) a decision to permanently remove flight equipment or other long-lived assets from operations, (2) significant changes in the estimated useful life, (3) significant changes in projected cash flows, (4) permanent and significant declines in fleet fair values and (5) changes to the regulatory environment. for long-lived assets held for sale, we discontinue depreciation and record impairment losses when the carrying amount of these assets is greater than the fair value less the cost to sell.
to determine whether impairments exist for aircraft used in operations, we group assets at the fleet type level or at the contract level for aircraft operated by third-party regional carriers (i.e., the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and then estimate future cash flows based on projections of capacity, passenger mile yield, fuel and labor costs and other relevant factors. if an asset group is impaired, the impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the asset group's carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value. we estimate aircraft fair values using published sources, appraisals and bids received from third parties, as available.
as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and our response, we made decisions to remove certain aircraft from active service and to early retire certain fleets. we evaluated our fleet during 2020 and determined that only the fleet types discussed in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements were impaired, as the future cash flows from the operation of other fleet types through the respective retirement dates exceeded the carrying value. this resulted in impairment and other related charges of $4.4 billion, recorded in restructuring charges in our income statement. these charges were calculated using level 3 fair value inputs based primarily upon recent market transactions and third-party bids, which were corroborated with published pricing guides and our assessment of existing market conditions based on industry knowledge. the effects of the covid-19 pandemic created additional estimation uncertainty as there was a limited market for aircraft and limited data on how the covid-19 pandemic affected the fair value of aircraft.
due to the recovery in demand that we have experienced throughout 2021, we decided not to retire any additional aircraft and returned to service a majority of the aircraft that were temporarily parked in 2020. we recorded no further impairments during 2021. as we gained updated information during the year, we updated estimates to the 2020 fleet-related impairment charges and recorded adjustments of $19 million to certain of the restructuring charges during 2021.
following the impairment charges, the aggregate net book value of these aircraft as of december 31, 2021 and december 31, 2020 was approximately $340 million and $500 million, respectively, with the reduction in 2021 primarily due to aircraft sales. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details regarding these impairments and related charges.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we apply a fair value-based impairment test to the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis (as of october 1) and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, on an interim basis. we assess the value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived assets under either a qualitative or quantitative approach. under a qualitative approach, we consider various market factors, including certain of the key assumptions listed below. we analyze these factors to determine if events and circumstances have affected the fair value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the asset may be impaired, we use the quantitative approach to assess the asset's fair value and the amount of the impairment. under a quantitative approach, we calculate the fair value of the asset incorporating the key assumptions listed below into our calculation.
when we evaluate goodwill for impairment using a quantitative approach, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit by considering both comparable public company multiples (a market approach) and projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach). when we perform a quantitative impairment assessment of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, fair value is estimated based on (1) recent market transactions, where available, (2) the royalty method for the delta tradename (which assumes hypothetical royalties generated from using our tradename) or (3) projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach).
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates key assumptions. the key assumptions in our impairment tests include (1) forecasted revenues, expenses and cash flows, including the duration and extent of impact to our business and our alliance partners from the covid-19 pandemic, (2) current discount rates, (3) observable market transactions and (4) anticipated changes to the regulatory environment (e.g., changes in slot access and/or availability, additional open skies agreements or changes to antitrust approvals). these assumptions are consistent with those that hypothetical market participants would use. because we are required to make estimates and assumptions when evaluating goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, actual transaction amounts may differ materially from these estimates. in addition, when performing a qualitative valuation, we consider the amount by which the intangible assets' fair values exceeded their respective carrying values in the most recent fair value measurements calculated using a quantitative approach.
changes in certain events and circumstances could result in impairment or a change from indefinite-lived to definite-lived. factors which could cause impairment include, but are not limited to (1) negative trends in our market capitalization, (2) reduced profitability resulting from lower passenger mile yields or higher input costs (primarily related to fuel and employees), (3) lower passenger demand as a result of weakened u.s. and global economies, global pandemics or other factors, (4) interruption to our operations due to a prolonged employee strike, terrorist attack or other reasons, (5) changes to the regulatory environment (e.g., changes in slot access and/or availability, additional open skies agreements or changes to antitrust approvals), (6) competitive changes by other airlines and (7) strategic changes to our operations leading to diminished utilization of the intangible assets.
identifiable intangible assets. our identifiable intangible assets, which are related to the airline segment, had a net carrying amount of $6.0 billion at december 31, 2021, of which $5.9 billion related to indefinite-lived intangible assets. indefinite-lived assets are not amortized and consist of routes, slots, the delta tradename and assets related to alliances and collaborative arrangements. definite-lived assets consist primarily of marketing and maintenance service agreements.
in 2021, we performed qualitative assessments of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including applicable factors noted in "key assumptions" above, and determined that there was no indication that the assets were impaired. our qualitative assessments include analyses and weighting of all relevant factors, which impact the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets.
for additional information on our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets' significant accounting policies and the related fair values and book values, see note 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
defined benefit pension plans we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and retirees. these plans are closed to new entrants and frozen for future benefit accruals. as of december 31, 2021, the unfunded benefit obligation for these plans recorded on our consolidated balance sheets ("balance sheets") was $1.6 billion. we had no minimum funding requirements in 2020 or 2021, and have no such requirements in 2022. however, we voluntarily contributed $1.5 billion to these plans during 2021. the most critical assumptions impacting our defined benefit pension plan obligations and net periodic benefit cost are the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and life expectancy of plan participants.
weighted average discount rate. we determine our weighted average discount rate on our measurement date primarily by reference to annualized rates earned on high-quality fixed income investments and yield-to-maturity analyses specific to our estimated future benefit payments. we used a weighted average discount rate to value the obligations of 2.97% and 2.62% at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for net periodic benefit cost in each of the past three years has varied from the rate selected on our measurement date, ranging from 2.65% to 4.33%.
expected long-term rate of return. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based primarily on plan-specific investment studies using historical market return and volatility data. modest excess return expectations versus some public market indices are incorporated into the return projections based on the actively managed structure of the investment programs and their records of achieving such returns historically. we also expect to receive a premium for investing in less liquid private markets. we review our rate of return on plan assets assumptions annually. our annual investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets for net periodic benefit cost for the year ended december 31, 2021 was 8.98%.
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates the investment strategy for our defined benefit pension plan assets is to earn a long-term return that meets or exceeds our annualized return target while taking an acceptable level of risk and maintaining sufficient liquidity to pay current benefits and other cash obligations of the plan. based on our current level of funding, we have modified, and continue to evaluate, the asset allocation mix to reduce the investment risk of the portfolio. the lower risk profile of the portfolio is projected to result in a lower expected long-term rate of return on plan assets in 2022.
the impact of a 0.50% change in weighted average discount rate and 1.00% change in expected long-term rate of return on assets are shown in the table below:
benefit plan effects of change in assumptions used change in assumption                          effect on 2022   effect on accrued pension benefit cost   pension liability at december 31, 2021
1.00% decrease in expected long-term rate of return on assets                     $188        million                     $-
1.00% increase in expected long-term rate of return on assets                     $(188)      million                     $-
life expectancy. changes in life expectancy may significantly impact our benefit obligations and future net periodic benefit cost. we use the society of actuaries ("soa") published mortality data and other publicly available information to develop our best estimate of life expectancy. the soa publishes updated mortality tables for u.s. plans and updated improvement scales. each year we consider updates by the soa in setting our mortality assumptions for purposes of measuring pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations.
funding. our funding obligations for qualified defined benefit plans are governed by the employee retirement income security act and any applicable legislation. under the pension protection act of 2006, we elected alternative funding rules so that the unfunded liability for a frozen defined benefit plan may be amortized over a fixed 17-year period and is calculated using an 8.85% discount rate until the 17-year period expires for all frozen defined benefit plans by the end of 2024. upon expiration, under recent legislation passed in 2021, any required funding would be amortized over a rolling 15-year period and calculated using a discount rate of no less than 4.75% through 2030.
while this recent legislation makes our funding obligations for these plans more predictable, factors outside our control continue to have an impact on the funding requirements. estimates of future funding requirements are based on various assumptions and can vary materially from actual funding requirements. assumptions include, among other things, the actual and projected market performance of assets, statutory requirements and demographic data for participants.
investments valued at net asset value ("nav") per share. on an annual basis we assess the potential for adjustments to the fair value of all investments. these investments valued using nav as a practical expedient are typically valued on a monthly or quarterly basis by third-party administrators, valuation agents or fund managers with an annual audit performed by an independent third party, but certain of these investments have a lag in the availability of data. this primarily applies to private equity, private equity-related strategies and real assets. we solicit valuation updates from the investment fund managers and use their information and corroborating data from public markets to determine any needed fair value adjustments.
for additional information on our significant accounting policies related to defined benefit pension plans, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income tax valuation allowance we periodically assess whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred income tax assets. we establish valuation allowances if it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize our deferred income tax assets. in making this determination, we consider available positive and negative evidence and make certain assumptions. we consider, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, our historical financial results and tax planning strategies. in evaluating the likelihood of utilizing our net deferred income tax assets, the significant factors that we consider include (1) our recent history of significant profitability, (2) growth in the u.s. and global economies, (3) forecast of airline revenue trends, (4) estimate of future fuel prices and (5) future impact of taxable temporary differences.
item 7. md&a - critical accounting estimates at december 31, 2021 our net deferred tax asset balance was $1.3 billion, including an $833 million valuation allowance primarily related to capital loss carryforwards and certain state net operating losses. although we have recent cumulative losses, we have a history of significant earnings prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. while we expect to return to sustained profitability as the effects of the pandemic subside and to generate sufficient taxable income to utilize our federal net operating loss carryforwards before any expire, the generation of future taxable income is dependent on many factors, including those which are out of our control, such as the demand for air travel and overall health of the economy. as such, there are no guarantees that a valuation allowance will not be required against some or all of our deferred tax assets in future periods.
our federal net operating loss carryforwards generated before 2018 do not begin to expire until 2029. under current tax law, federal net operating losses generated after 2017 do not expire. therefore, we have not recorded a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets other than the capital loss carryforwards and certain state net operating losses that have short expiration periods.
for additional information on our significant accounting policies related to income taxes, see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting standards government assistance. in 2021, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2021-10, "government assistance (topic 832): disclosures by business entities about government assistance." this asu will require certain disclosures about the significant terms and conditions of material government assistance agreements in order to provide more consistent information to users of the financial statements. this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2021, and early adoption is permitted. we determined that our material government assistance agreements are the payroll support program agreements under the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act ("cares act") and the program extensions, and we adopted the new standard in 2021. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements where we reflect the requirements of this new standard as it relates to our payroll support program disclosures.
item 7. md&a - supplemental information supplemental information we sometimes use information ("non-gaap financial measures") that is derived from the consolidated financial statements, but that is not presented in accordance with gaap. under the u.s. securities and exchange commission rules, non-gaap financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. reconciliations below may not calculate exactly due to rounding.
included below are reconciliations of non-gaap measures used within this form 10-k to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. these reconciliations include certain adjustments to gaap measures, which are directly related to the impact of covid-19 and our response. these adjustments are made to provide comparability between the reported periods, if applicable, as indicated below:
•restructuring charges. during 2020, we recorded restructuring charges of $8.2 billion for items such as fleet impairments and voluntary early retirement and separation programs following strategic business decisions in response to the covid-19 pandemic. in the year ended december 31, 2021, we recognized $19 million of adjustments to certain of those restructuring charges, representing changes in our estimates.
•government grant recognition. we recognized $4.5 billion and $3.9 billion of the grant proceeds from the payroll support program extensions as a contra-expense during 2021 and 2020, respectively. we recognized the grant proceeds as contra-expense based on the periods that the funds were intended to compensate and have fully used all proceeds from the payroll support program extensions.
•impairments and equity method losses. these adjustments relate to recording our share of losses recorded by our equity method investees. additionally, during 2020, we recognized charges from write-downs of our investments in latam and grupo aeroméxico following their financial losses and separate chapter 11 bankruptcy filings, and the write-down of our investment in virgin atlantic based on our share of its losses.
•pension settlement charges. these charges were recognized in connection with the voluntary early retirement and separation programs that were offered to our employees in 2020.
•loss on extinguishment of debt. this adjustment relates to the early termination of a portion of our debt.
•special profit-sharing payment. this adjustment is exclusive to 2021. to recognize the extraordinary efforts of our employees through the pandemic, we will make a special profit-sharing payment to eligible employees in february 2022, based on the adjusted pre-tax profit earned during the second half of 2021. this adjustment allows investors to better understand and analyze our recurring cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry.
we also regularly adjust certain gaap measures for the following items, if applicable, for the reasons indicated below:
•mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges. mark-to-market ("mtm") adjustments are defined as fair value changes recorded in periods other than the settlement period. such fair value changes are not necessarily indicative of the actual settlement value of the underlying hedge in the contract settlement period, and therefore we remove this impact to allow investors to better understand and analyze our core performance. settlements represent cash received or paid on hedge contracts settled during the applicable period.
•equity investment mtm adjustments. we record our proportionate share of losses from our equity investments in non-operating expense. as a result of grupo aeroméxico's and latam's bankruptcy filings in 2020, we discontinued accounting for these investments under the equity method at that time as we no longer had significant influence with those investees. we adjust for our equity method investees' hedge portfolio mtm adjustments to allow investors to understand and analyze our core operational performance in the periods shown.
•mtm adjustments on investments. unrealized gains/losses result from our equity investments that are accounted for at fair value in non-operating expense. the gains/losses are driven by changes in stock prices, foreign currency fluctuations and other valuation techniques for investments in companies without publicly-traded shares. adjusting for these gains/losses allows investors to better understand and analyze our core operational performance in the periods shown.
item 7. md&a - supplemental information
•third-party refinery sales. refinery sales to third parties, and related expenses, are not related to our airline segment. excluding these sales therefore provides a more meaningful comparison of our airline operations to the rest of the airline industry.
•aircraft fuel and related taxes. the volatility in fuel prices impacts the comparability of year-over-year financial performance. the adjustment for aircraft fuel and related taxes allows investors to better understand and analyze our non-fuel costs and year-over-year financial performance.
•profit sharing. we adjust for profit sharing because this adjustment allows investors to better understand and analyze our recurring cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry.
•delta private jets adjustment. because we combined delta private jets with wheels up in january 2020, we have excluded the impact of delta private jets from 2019 results for comparability.
government grant recognition                              (4,512)            (3,946)                -
impairments and equity method losses                          337              2,172                -
loss on extinguishment of debt                                319                  -                -
special profit sharing payment                                108                  -                -
mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges                       9                 10               14
equity investment mtm adjustments                               -               (19)             (14)
mtm adjustments on investments                               (56)                119               13
delta private jets adjustment                                   -                  -                3
operating expense, adjusted reconciliation year ended december 31,
operating expense                                    $28,013          $29,564          $40,389
government grant recognition                           4,512            3,946                -
special profit sharing payment                         (108)                -                -
mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges                (9)             (10)             (14)
delta private jets adjustment                              -                -            (196)
operating expense, adjusted                          $29,197          $24,130          $40,082
item 7. md&a - supplemental information fuel expense, adjusted and average fuel price per gallon, adjusted reconciliations average price per gallon year ended december 31,                     year ended december 31,
mtm adjustments and settlements on hedges             (9)              (10)              (14)                                             -                 (0.01)                    -
delta private jets adjustment                           -                 -              (28)                                             -                 -                    (0.01)
delta private jets adjustment                  -                -           (0.07)
government grant recognition                2.32             2.94                -
special profit sharing payment            (0.06)                -                -
profit sharing                                 -                -           (0.60)
delta private jets adjustment                  -                -           (0.06)
item 7. md&a - supplemental information free cash flow the following table shows a reconciliation of net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities (a gaap measure) to free cash flow (a non-gaap financial measure). we present free cash flow because management believes this metric is helpful to investors to evaluate the company's ability to generate cash that is available for use for debt service or general corporate initiatives. adjustments include:
•net (redemptions)/purchases of short-term investments. net (redemptions)/purchases of short-term investments represent the net purchase and sale activity of investments and marketable securities in the period, including gains and losses. we adjust for this activity to provide investors a better understanding of the company's free cash flow generated by our operations.
•strategic investments and related. cash flows related to our investments in and related transactions with other airlines are included in our gaap investing activities. we adjust for this activity because it provides a more meaningful comparison to our airline industry peers.
•net cash flows related to certain airport construction projects and other. cash flows related to certain airport construction projects are included in our gaap operating activities and capital expenditures. we have adjusted for these items because management believes investors should be informed that a portion of these capital expenditures from airport construction projects are either reimbursed by a third party or funded with restricted cash specific to these projects.
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                 $3,264           $(3,793)           $8,425
net (redemptions)/purchases of short-term investments                              (2,381)              5,792            (206)
strategic investments and related                                                      181              2,192              170
item 7. md&a - glossary of defined terms glossary of defined terms asm - available seat mile. a measure of capacity. asms equal the total number of seats available for transporting passengers during a reporting period multiplied by the total number of miles flown during that period.
casm - (total operating) cost per available seat mile. the amount of operating cost incurred per asm during a reporting period. casm is also referred to as "unit cost."
casm-ex - the amount of operating cost incurred per asm during a reporting period, adjusted for the items shown above in "supplemental information."
free cash flow - represents the cash available for use for debt service or general corporate initiatives.
load factor - a measure of utilized available seating capacity calculated by dividing rpms by asms for a reporting period.
passenger mile yield or yield - the amount of passenger revenue earned per rpm during a reporting period.
prasm - passenger revenue per asm. the amount of passenger revenue earned per asm during a reporting period. prasm is also referred to as "unit revenue."
rpm - revenue passenger mile. one revenue-paying passenger transported one mile. rpms equal the number of revenue passengers during a reporting period multiplied by the number of miles flown by those passengers during that period. rpms are also referred to as "traffic."
trasm - total revenue per asm. the amount of total revenue earned per asm during a reporting period.
trasm, adjusted - the amount of total revenue earned per asm during a reporting period, adjusted for the item shown above in "supplemental information."