item 1a.   risk factors.
the following risks are considered material to john deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. this discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations beginning on page 27, including the risks and uncertainties described in the safe harbor statement on pages 37 - 39, and the notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page 49. these risk factors and other forward-looking statements that relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods involve certain factors that are subject to change and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all of the company's businesses. although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. the company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise this risk factors discussion, whether as a result of new developments or otherwise. the risks described in this annual report on form 10-k and the "safe harbor statement" in this report are not the only risks faced by the company.
risks related to the covid pandemic the covid pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect john deere's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows.
the virus causing covid was identified in late 2019 and spread globally (covid pandemic). efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by viral variants and uneven access to, and acceptance and effectiveness of, vaccines globally. the pandemic resulted in governments and other authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business closures. these measures have impacted and may continue to impact all or portions of john deere's workforce and operations and the operations of customers, dealers, and suppliers. although certain restrictions related to the covid pandemic have eased, uncertainty continues to exist regarding such measures and potential future measures. current material and component shortages have limited and could continue to limit john deere's ability to meet customer demand, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations.
the covid pandemic caused a global recession and the sustainability of the economic recovery observed in 2021 remains unclear. the covid pandemic has also significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, has caused inflationary pressure in the u.s. and elsewhere, and has led to disruption and volatility in demand for john deere's products and services, suppliers' ability to fill orders, and global capital markets. economic uncertainties could continue to affect demand for john deere's products and services, the value of the equipment financed or leased, the demand for financing, and the financial condition and credit risk of john deere's dealers and customers.
continued uncertainties related to the magnitude, duration, and persistent effects of the covid pandemic may significantly adversely affect our business and outlook. these uncertainties include, among other things: the duration and impact of the resurgence in covid cases in any country, state, or region; the emergence, contagiousness, and threat of new and different strains of virus; the availability, acceptance, and effectiveness of vaccines; additional closures or other actions as mandated or otherwise made necessary by governmental authorities, including employee vaccine mandates; disruptions in the supply chain, including those caused by industry capacity constraints, material availability, and global logistics delays and constraints arising from, among other things, the transportation capacity of ocean shipping containers, and a prolonged delay in resumption of operations by one or more key suppliers, or the failure of any key supplier; an increasingly competitive labor market due to a sustained labor shortage or increased turnover caused by the covid pandemic; john deere's ability to meet commitments to customers on a timely basis as a result of increased costs and supply and transportation challenges; increased logistics costs; additional operating costs due to continued remote working arrangements, adherence to social distancing guidelines, and other covid-related challenges; increased risk of cyberattacks on network connections used in remote working arrangements; increased privacy-related risks due to processing health-related personal information; legal claims related to personal protective equipment designed, made, or provided by john deere or alleged exposure to covid on john deere premises; absence of employees due to illness; and the impact of the pandemic on john deere's customers and dealers. these factors, and others that are currently unknown or considered immaterial, could materially and adversely affect the company's business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial position.
geopolitical uncertainties international, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies (particularly those related to or restricting global trade) and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair john deere's profitability and growth prospects.
international, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of john deere's products, services, and technology, or those of our customers, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could harm john deere's global business. john deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. restricted access to global markets impairs john deere's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade barriers, local content requirements, and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including developments in u.s.-china trade relations, could limit john deere's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair john deere's ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. these trade restrictions, and changes in-or uncertainty surrounding-global trade policies, may affect john deere's competitive position. furthermore, market access and the ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to john deere's agricultural and forestry customers. policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices or those limiting the export or import of commodities could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. john deere's agricultural equipment sales could be especially harmed by such policies because farm income strongly influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. furthermore, trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact john deere's future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and infrastructure. additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including direct payment and other subsidies, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies.
embargoes, sanctions, and export controls imposed by the u.s. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of john deere products. embargoes, sanctions, and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to china, russia, myanmar (burma), and belarus. in particular, changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on china, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving china and chinese parties, could affect john deere's ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket and warranty support for john deere equipment, and sell products, and otherwise impact john deere's reputation and business. although john deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of import and export laws and sanctions, violations of these laws or sanctions could harm john deere's reputation and business, and may subject john deere to civil and criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on john deere's results of operations and financial condition.
greater political, economic, and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of john deere's competition, customer base, and product offerings and impact john deere's growth opportunities globally.
john deere's efforts to grow its businesses depend in part upon access to additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, argentina, brazil, china, india, russia, and south africa, and its success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and differing local customer product preferences and requirements than john deere's other markets. negative market conditions resulting from economic and political uncertainties in these and other countries could reduce customer confidence, resulting in declines in demand and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could affect write-offs and provisions for credit losses. operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes john deere to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, sanctions and export control requirements, repatriation of earnings, and advanced technologies. expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to currency fluctuations, which can materially affect the company's financial results. while john deere maintains a positive corporate image and its brands are widely recognized and valued in its traditional markets, the brands are less well known in some emerging markets, which could impede john deere's efforts to successfully compete in these markets. although john deere is taking measures to adapt to these changing circumstances, john deere's reputation and/or business results could be negatively affected should these efforts prove unsuccessful.
uncertain economic conditions negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for john deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs.
the demand for john deere's products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, cautious consumer spending, lower corporate earnings, u.s. budget issues, and lower business investment. negative or uncertain economic conditions that cause john deere's customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood of purchasing john deere's equipment. as discussed under risks related to the covid pandemic-the covid pandemic resulted in additional risks that could materially adversely affect john deere's business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows, the covid pandemic caused a global recession and significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. sustained negative economic conditions and outlook affect housing starts, energy demand, and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. john deere's turf operations and its construction and forestry business are dependent on construction activity and general economic conditions. decreases in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on john deere's results of operations. if negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar effect on john deere's agricultural equipment sales. in addition, uncertain or negative outlook with respect to pervasive u.s. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook can cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce the company's earnings and cash flows. additionally, the company's investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, which would negatively affect earnings.
in addition, demand for john deere's products and services can be significantly reduced by concerns regarding the diverse economic and political circumstances of the individual countries in the eurozone, the debt burden of certain eurozone countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, the risk that one or more other european union countries could come under increasing pressure to leave the european union, or the long term stability of the euro as a single common currency. persistent disparity with respect to the widely varying economic conditions within the individual countries in the eurozone, and its implications for the euro as well as market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of john deere's euro-denominated assets and obligations, have an adverse effect on demand for john deere's products and services in the eurozone, and have an adverse effect on financial markets in europe and globally. more specifically, it could affect the ability of john deere's customers, suppliers, and lenders to finance their respective businesses and access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, as well as the availability of supplies and materials and the demand for john deere's products.
financial risks changes in government banking, monetary, and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on john deere.
policies of the u.s. and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets, and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on john deere's customers and markets. failure of the u.s. federal government to pass a 2022 budget resolution could lead to a u.s. default under its sovereign debt, the consequences of which could have significant and unpredictable effects on global financial markets, which could in turn negatively affect john deere's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. john deere's operations and results could also be affected by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on john deere's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of john deere products. government policies on spending can also affect john deere, especially the construction and forestry segment, due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. john deere's operations, including those outside of the united states, may also be affected by non-u.s. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-u.s. financial institutions and markets.
changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on john deere.
john deere is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. john deere's domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. john deere's effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretations. if john deere's effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of its taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, john deere's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency exchange and translation risk.
john deere operates in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. john deere is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that its costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which john deere earns revenues.
additionally, the reporting currency for the company's consolidated financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of john deere's assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in other countries' currencies. those assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are translated into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements. therefore, increases or decreases in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in their original currencies. substantial fluctuations in the value of the u.s. dollar could have a significant impact on john deere's results.
because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide, negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact john deere's operations and financial results.
negative economic conditions can have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. the financial services segment's inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support its financing activities could have a material adverse effect on john deere's business. the financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. additionally, negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial services segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. the financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity.
because john deere's equipment operations and financial services segment are subject to interest rate risks, changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins, and limit access to capital markets while increasing borrowing costs.
rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of john deere's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for john deere equipment and customers' ability to repay obligations to john deere. in addition, credit market dislocations could have an impact on funding costs, which are very important to the financial services segment because such costs affect the segment's ability to offer customers competitive financing rates. while the company strives to match the interest rate characteristics of its financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the company's net interest rate margin-the difference between the yield the company earns on its assets and the interest rates the company pays for funding, which could in turn affect the company's net interest income and earnings. actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the company and can increase the company's cost of capital and hurt its competitive position.
the transition away from the london interbank offered rate ("libor") and the adoption of alternative reference rates could adversely affect john deere's business and results of operations.
john deere is exposed to libor-based financial instruments, primarily relating to debt, derivative, and receivables transactions, that have been entered into previously and remain outstanding. the libor benchmark has been subject of national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority announced its intention to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of libor after 2021. in november 2020, the intercontinental exchange announced its intention to cease publication of certain libor settings by the end of 2021 while continuing to publish overnight and one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month u.s. dollar libor rates through june 30, 2023. however, in early 2021, the united states federal reserve board and other regulatory bodies issued guidance encouraging banks and other financial market participants to cease entering into new contracts that use u.s. dollar libor as a reference rate as soon as practicable and in any event no later than december 31, 2021. these actions may cause libor to perform differently than in the past and libor will likely ultimately cease to exist.
to facilitate an orderly transition from libor to alternative benchmark rate(s), john deere has established an initiative led by internal subject matter experts to assess and mitigate risks associated with the discontinuation of libor. as part of this initiative, several alternative benchmark rates have been, and continue to be, evaluated. at this time, however, the effects of the phase out of libor and the adoption of alternative benchmark rates have not been fully determined. any new benchmark rate will likely not replicate libor exactly, which could affect john deere's contracts that mature after a libor cessation date. in addition, there is uncertainty about how applicable laws, the courts, or john deere will address the replacement of libor with alternative rates on variable rate contracts that do not include, or contain unclear, alternative rate fallback provisions. a failure to properly transition away from libor could expose john deere to various financial, operational, and regulatory risks, which could affect its results of operations and cash flows. uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes may also adversely affect the trading market for the company's securities.
sustained increases in funding obligations under the company's pension plans may impair the company's liquidity or financial condition.
the company maintains certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose funding obligations. the company uses many assumptions in calculating its future payment obligations under these plans. significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of return on pension investments being lower than expected. the company may be required to make significant contributions to its pension plans in the future. these factors could significantly increase the company's payment obligations under the plans and adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
market conditions john deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. john deere competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. john deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or john deere's failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results.
john deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. this requires a thorough understanding of john deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as argentina, brazil, and india. failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on john deere's business.
changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of bio-energy could affect the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for certain john deere equipment and could also result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements.
changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world's growing food and bio-energy demands, driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. while higher commodity prices benefit john deere's crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also could result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. furthermore, changing bio-energy demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for john deere's diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards.
manufacturing and operations changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods could result in significant disruptions to the supply chain, production disruptions, and increased costs and lower profits on sales of john deere products.
john deere requires access to various raw materials, components, and whole goods at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute its products. changes in the availability and prices of these raw materials, components, and whole goods, which have fluctuated significantly in the past and are more likely to fluctuate during times of economic volatility, regulatory instability, or change in import tariffs or trade agreements, can significantly increase the costs of production, which could have a material negative effect on the profitability of the business, particularly if john deere, due to pricing considerations or other factors, is unable to recover the increased costs from its customers. significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods can adversely affect john deere's ability to meet commitments to customers. john deere relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products.
certain components and parts used in john deere's products are available from a single supplier and cannot be alternatively sourced quickly. as discussed under item 1, "construction and forestry," the company agreed to voluntarily terminate its joint venture agreement with hitachi in a transaction that is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. in connection with this termination, john deere construction & forestry company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, has entered into a supply agreement with hitachi pursuant to which hitachi will continue to provide john deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts. any delay or failure by hitachi to deliver these supplies, or failure by hitachi to produce such supplies in a manner that meets john deere's quality and quantity requirements, could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition or its ability to meet commitments to its customers.
in 2020, the covid pandemic caused a significant reduction in global demand for goods, resulting in widespread cuts in manufacturing capacity and the displacement of workers. as economies around the world have reopened in 2021, sharp increases in demand have created significant disruptions to the global supply chain, which have affected john deere's ability to receive goods on a timely basis and at anticipated costs. these supply chain disruptions have been caused and compounded by many factors, including changes in supply and demand, industry capacity constraints, weather conditions, natural disasters, business continuity, labor shortages, the covid pandemic, geopolitical tensions, and trade conflicts. global logistics network challenges include shortages of shipping containers, ocean freight capacity constraints, international port delays, trucking and chassis shortages, railway and air freight capacity, and labor availability constraints, which have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, and increased transportation costs. john deere actively monitors and mitigates supply chain risk, but there can be no assurance that our mitigation plans will be effective to prevent disruptions that may arise from shortages of materials that we use in the production of our products. uncertainties related to the magnitude and duration of global supply chain disruptions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, john deere's business and outlook.
supply chain disruptions due to pandemic events, including the covid pandemic, supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, trade barriers, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, cyberattacks, energy supply, delivery issues, or disruptions due to weather-related events or natural disasters could affect john deere's operations and profitability.
data security and privacy risks security breaches and other disruptions to john deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with john deere's operations and could compromise the information of john deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing john deere to liability that could cause john deere's business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, john deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of john deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. john deere uses information technology systems to record, process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. additionally, john deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of john deere's customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of john deere's customers and employees, in data centers, which are often owned by third parties, and on information technology networks. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to john deere's business operations and strategy. despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program, and business continuity plans, john deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. although john deere has not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, we have from time to time been the target of malicious cyber threat actors. the occurrence of any significant event could compromise john deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to john deere's operations, and damage john deere's reputation, which could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, john deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems.
john deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection and any inability or perceived inability of john deere to address these requirements could adversely affect our business.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. john deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, china, canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where john deere conducts business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. the european union general data protection regulation, the california consumer privacy act, and the china personal information protection law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. new privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to the company or company officials, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business.
security breaches with respect to john deere's products could interfere with the business of john deere, its dealers, and/or customers, exposing john deere to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer.
some of john deere's products include connectivity hardware typically used for remote system updates. while john deere has implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to its products, malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to such products through such connectivity hardware in order to gain control of the products, change the products' functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the products. any unauthorized access to or control of john deere products or systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims against john deere or government investigations. in addition, reports of unauthorized access to john deere's products, systems, and data, regardless of their veracity, may result in the perception that the products, systems, or data are capable of being hacked, which could harm john deere's brand, prospects, and operating results. john deere has been the subject of such reports in the past.
intellectual property risks the potential loss of john deere intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, trademark counterfeiting, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of john deere intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on the company. infringement of the intellectual property rights of others by john deere could also have a material adverse effect on the company.
john deere relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and confidentiality agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. in particular, john deere heavily relies on certain trademarks that contribute to john deere's identity and the recognition of its products and services, including but not limited to the "john deere" mark, the leaping deer logo, the "nothing runs like a deere" slogan, the prefix "jd" associated with many products, and the green and yellow equipment colors. these trademarks, as well as the many patents used in our products, are integral to the john deere business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the company.
additionally, third parties may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of john deere's patents or allege that john deere infringes their patents. john deere may incur substantial costs if its competitors or other third parties initiate such litigation, or if john deere initiates any proceedings to protect its proprietary rights. if the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable to john deere, our business could be adversely affected. similarly, disputes may arise regarding whether john deere's products or technologies infringe the proprietary rights of others. any such infringement could cause third parties, including our competitors, to bring claims against john deere, resulting in significant costs, possible damages, and substantial uncertainty.
human capital risks john deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy.
john deere's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as its ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new employees, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair john deere's ability to execute its business strategy, and could adversely affect john deere's business. in addition, while john deere strives to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, john deere's operations or ability to execute its business strategy and meet its business objectives may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger numbers of employees, such as those john deere could experience if a surge occurs in the number of employees voluntarily leaving their jobs similar to that experienced by other employers and industries since 2020. higher rates of employee separations may adversely affect john deere through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees.
disputes with labor unions have adversely affected john deere's ability to operate its facilities as well as its financial results.
many of john deere's production and maintenance employees are represented by labor unions under various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. the failure of john deere to successfully renegotiate labor agreements as they expire has from time to time led, and could in the future lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. disruptions to john deere's manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities, through various forms of labor disputes, adversely affect the company. on october 14, 2021, after employees represented by the uaw failed to approve a new collective bargaining agreement between john deere and the uaw, the uaw initiated a labor strike affecting more than 10,000 workers at 14 john deere facilities across the u.s., which adversely affected john deere's operations in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. the strike ended after a new collective bargaining agreement was approved on november 17, 2021. the uaw strike is expected to have an adverse effect on john deere's results of operations for the three months ending january 30, 2022 as a result of reduced production and shipments. any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labor union distracts management from operating the business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect john deere's reputation, and could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition.
environmental, climate, and weather risks unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect john deere's business.
poor or unusual weather conditions, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of john deere's customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment. the timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production. insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause growing crops to die or result in lower yields. excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth. temperatures outside normal ranges can also cause crop failure or decreased yields and may also affect disease incidence. temperature affects the rate of growth, maturity, and quality of crops. natural calamities such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, droughts, diseases, and pests can have significant negative effects on agricultural and livestock production. the resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment and the financial condition and credit risk of john deere's dealers and customers. adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region, particularly during the important spring selling season, may adversely affect sales of some turf equipment. drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and unusually rainy weather can similarly cause lower sales volumes.
increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations of federal, state, and local authorities in the u.s. and various regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions apply to john deere's operations, suppliers, and customers, and enforcement actions or civil litigation related to those requirements could adversely affect john deere's business results.
enforcement actions arising from violations of environmental, health, and safety laws or regulations can lead to investigations and legal costs and result in significant fines or penalties. in addition, new or more stringent requirements of governmental authorities, including with respect to disclosure relating to climate change risks, could prevent or restrict john deere's operations or those of our suppliers and customers, require significant expenditures to achieve compliance, and/or give rise to civil or criminal liability. further, civil litigation on these subjects continues to increase, primarily in the u.s. there can be no assurance that violations of such laws and/or regulations, civil claims for damages to property or personal injury arising from the environmental, health, or safety impacts of john deere's operations or those of our suppliers and customers, or other civil claims in which john deere becomes a party, would not have consequences that result in a material adverse effect on john deere's business, results of operations, or financial condition.
increasingly stringent engine emission regulations or bans on internal combustion engines could impact john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could negatively affect business results.
john deere's equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, including the european union's stage v standard. in addition, governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce off-road engine emissions. these laws and regulations are applicable to engines manufactured by john deere, including those used in john deere agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. john deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. while john deere has developed and is executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to many variables that could delay or otherwise affect john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment or engines, which could negatively impact business results. additionally, in certain locations governments have banned or may in the future ban internal combustion engines for some types of products completely. to the extent these bans affect products manufactured and sold by john deere, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected.
governmental actions designed to address climate change and the emergence of new technologies and business models in connection with the transition to a lower-carbon economy could adversely affect john deere and its customers. the physical effects attributed to climate change could further impact john deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers.
there is global scientific consensus that emissions of greenhouse gases (ghg) continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. these considerations may lead to new international, national, regional, or local legislative or regulatory responses. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders, and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including john deere, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. the regulation of ghg emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources or the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms could result in additional costs to john deere in the form of taxes or emission allowances, facilities improvements, and energy costs, which would increase john deere's operating costs through higher utility, transportation, and materials costs. increased input costs, such as fuel and fertilizer, and compliance-related costs could also affect customer operations and demand for john deere equipment. because the impact of any future climate change-related legislative, regulatory, or product standard requirements on john deere's global businesses and products is dependent on the timing and design of mandates or standards, john deere is unable to predict their potential impact at this time.
customer preferences in the markets served by john deere could change as these markets transition to less carbon-intensive business models. demand for electric agricultural, turf, and construction equipment could rise. the development of alternative farming techniques, carbon sequestration technologies, and new low-carbon biofuels could change farmers' business models and equipment needs. if john deere fails to properly develop or invest in new technologies to meet changing customer demands, john deere will be at risk of losing potential sources of revenue, which could affect the company's future financial results.
the potential physical impacts of climate change on john deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers and therefore on john deere's operations are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. these may include extreme weather events and long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability. these potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for john deere's products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of john deere's operations.
legal and regulatory risks john deere's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose john deere to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects.
john deere's global operations are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. these laws and regulations cover a broad spectrum of subject areas, including advertising; anti-money laundering; antitrust; consumer finance; environmental, health, and safety, including proper handling of electronic waste, recycling, and climate change; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; import/export and trade; human rights, labor, and employment; product liability; and telematics and data privacy and connectivity. these laws may vary substantially within the different markets in which john deere operates. compliance with these laws and regulations is costly and may further increase the cost of conducting john deere's global operations. in addition, john deere must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and all applicable foreign anti-corruption laws, including the u.k. bribery act, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage, regardless of whether those practices are legal or culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. although john deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that john deere's employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or john deere's policies and procedures. violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have a materially adverse effect on john deere's reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
changes to existing laws and regulations or changes to how they are interpreted or the implementation of new, more stringent laws or regulations could adversely affect john deere's business by increasing compliance costs, limiting john deere's ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to john deere's business practices, or otherwise making john deere's products and services less attractive to customers. for example, so-called "right to repair" legislation proposals in certain states and at the federal level in the u.s. could require john deere to provide access to the software code embedded in its products, which, among other harmful consequences, could result in product safety issues, compromise engine emissions and performance controls, adversely affect the protection of john deere's intellectual property rights, and discourage innovation and investments in research and development.
legislative and regulatory changes and other actions that could potentially affect john deere's business may be announced with little or no advance notice and john deere may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse effects from such measures.
strategic performance risks john deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of its business strategies, including acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
from time to time, john deere makes strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participates in joint ventures. acquisitions and joint ventures that john deere has entered into, or may enter into in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance john deere's business strategy or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. john deere may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with its operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, and assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of john deere's businesses. integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. furthermore, john deere may not realize all the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed. while our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, these due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's or joint venture partner's previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's or joint venture's products or services. john deere may decide to divest acquired businesses if we determine any such divestiture is in the best interests of our shareholders, and our joint ventures may be terminated at or before their stated terms. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant challenges and risks, including failure to advance our business strategy, costs or disruptions to john deere, and negative effects on john deere's product offerings, which may adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may result in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business through indemnifications or other financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect the company's future financial results.
in addition, john deere may not realize all anticipated benefits of its recent reorganization and the implementation of its operating model within the anticipated timeframe or at all. factors that could affect these benefits include the adoption of new job types within john deere, changing job responsibilities of employees, the number of layers of management, the ability of employees to embrace change, anxiety within the workforce, and temporary inefficiencies. further, the ability of john deere to execute its business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could affect the company's results of operations and financial condition.
precision technology risks if john deere is unable to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to its customers, it could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. to create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, john deere needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems. john deere may make significant investments in research and development, acquisitions or other business ventures, data security for precision technology solutions, and employee training. these investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. in addition, john deere may depend on third parties to supply components, software, and services in support of precision technology solutions. the dealer channel's ability to support and service precision technology solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption rates of these products. further, if john deere is not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation and business.
the reallocation of radio frequency (rf) bands could disrupt or degrade the reliability of john deere's high precision augmented global positioning system (gps) or other rf technology, which could impair john deere's ability to develop and market gps- and rf-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability.
john deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of rf signals. these signals include, but are not limited to, gps signals, other gps-like satellite signals, augmented gps services, and other rf technologies that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and technicians. these radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national government agencies. any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of john deere's gps-based products, which could negatively affect john deere's ability to develop and market gps-based technology solutions. for john deere's agricultural customers, the inability to use high-precision augmented gps signals or other rf signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment maintenance, seed, fertilizer, fuel, and wage costs. for construction customers, disrupting gps or rf applications could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction design and project management efficiencies. these cost increases could significantly reduce customers' profitability and demand for john deere products.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis" on pages 27 - 43.