item 1a. risk factors for an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the sec, the most significant factors affecting our business include the following:
business, economic, market and operating condition risks the adverse impact of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue.
since early 2020, the world has been and continues to be impacted by covid-19 and its variants. covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread has impacted our segments in a number of ways, most significantly at the dpep segment where our theme parks and resorts were closed and cruise ship sailings and guided tours were suspended. most of our businesses have been closed, suspended or restricted consistent with government mandates or guidance. these operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, at various points since may 2020. we experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content. although film and television production generally resumed beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we continue to see disruption in production activities depending on local circumstances. production delays and fewer theatrical releases have limited the availability of film content to be sold in distribution windows subsequent to the theatrical release. theaters have been subject to capacity limitations and shifting government mandates or guidance regarding covid-19 restrictions. declines in linear viewership and consumption of our content (due to production delays or otherwise) result in decreased advertising revenue.
sports content continues to be delayed or impacted by covid-19 restrictions. continued or increased unavailability of sports content is likely to exacerbate the impacts to our business. other of our offerings will be exposed to additional financial impacts in the event of future significant unavailability of content. covid-19 impacts could also hasten the erosion of historical sources of revenue at our linear networks businesses. we have experienced reduced numbers of reservations at our hotels and cruises. we have experienced increased returns and refunds and customer requests for payment deferrals.
table of contents collectively, our impacted businesses have historically been the source of the majority of our revenue. many of our businesses that are open are operating subject to restrictions and increased expenses. these and other impacts of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time. covid-19 impacts that have subsided may again impact our businesses in the future and new impacts may emerge from covid-19 developments or other pandemics. for example, some of our parks closed due to government mandates or guidance following their initial reopening.
consumers may change their behavior and consumption patterns in response to the prolonged suspension of certain of our businesses, such as subscription to pay television packages (which experienced accelerated decline during some periods after the onset of covid-19) or theater-going to watch movies. certain of our customers, including individuals as well as businesses such as theatrical distributors, affiliates, licensees of rights to use our programming and ip, advertisers and others, have been negatively impacted by the economic downturn caused by covid-19, which may continue to result in decreased purchases of our goods and services even after certain operations resume. some industries in which our customers operate, such as theatrical distribution, retail and travel, could experience contraction, which could impact the profitability of our businesses going forward. additionally, we have incurred and will continue to incur incremental costs to implement health and safety measures, reopen our parks and restart our halted projects and operations. as we have resumed production of content, including live sports events, we have incurred costs to implement health and safety measures and productions will generally take longer to complete.
our mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of covid-19 on our businesses have had, or may have, negative impacts. the company (or our board of directors, as applicable) issued senior notes in march and may 2020, entered into an additional $5.0 billion credit facility in april 2020 (which has now been terminated), did not pay a dividend with respect to fiscal 2020 operations and has not declared nor paid a dividend with respect to fiscal 2021 operations; suspended certain capital projects; temporarily reduced certain discretionary expenditures (such as spending on marketing); temporarily reduced management compensation; temporarily eliminated board of director retainers and committee fees; furloughed over half of our employees; and reduced our employee population. such mitigation measures have resulted in the delay or suspension of certain projects in which we have invested, particularly at our parks and resorts and studio operations. we may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing; not declaring future dividends (the company has announced an intention not to declare further dividends until a return to a more normalized operating environment); reducing, or not making, certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; further suspending capital spending; reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force or modifying our operating strategy. these and other of our mitigating actions may have an adverse impact on our businesses. additionally, there are limitations on our ability to mitigate the adverse financial impact of covid-19, including the fixed costs of our theme park business and the impact covid-19 may have on capital markets and our cost of borrowing. further, the benefit of certain mitigation efforts will not continue to be available going forward. for example, as our employees are returning from furlough, the cost reductions of the related furloughs are no longer available and we are incurring expenses to recall and hire employees.
even our operations that were not suspended or that have resumed continue to be adversely impacted by government mandated restrictions (such as density limitations and travel restrictions and requirements); measures we voluntarily implement; measures we are contractually obligated to implement; the distancing practices and health concerns of consumers, talent and production workers; and logistical limitations. upon reopening our parks and resorts businesses we have seen certain instances of lower demand. geographic variation in government requirements and ongoing changes to restrictions have disrupted and could further disrupt our businesses, including our production operations. our operations could be suspended, re-suspended or subjected to new or reinstated limitations by government action or otherwise in the future as a result of developments related to covid-19, such as the current expansion of the delta variant or other variants. for example, both hong kong disneyland resort and disneyland paris have reopened and closed multiple times since the onset of covid-19. some of our employees who returned to work were later refurloughed. our operations could be further negatively impacted and our reputation could be negatively impacted by a significant covid-19 outbreak impacting our employees, customers or others interacting with our businesses, including our supply chain.
in fiscal year 2020, we operated at a net loss and in fiscal year 2021, our net income from continuing operations remained substantially below pre-pandemic levels. we have impaired goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels businesses and written down the value of certain of our retail store assets. certain of our other assets could also become impaired, including further impairments of goodwill and intangible assets; we have increased, and may further increase, allowances for credit losses; and there may be changes in judgments in determining the fair-value of assets; and estimates related to variable consideration may change due to increased returns, reduced usage of our products or services and decreased royalties. our leverage ratios have increased as a result of covid-19's impact on our financial performance, which caused certain of the credit rating agencies to downgrade their assessment of our credit ratings, and are expected to remain elevated at least in the near term. our debt ratings may be further downgraded, which may negatively impact our cost of borrowing. due to reduced operating cash flow, we may utilize cash balances and/or future financings to fund a portion of our operations and investments in our businesses. financial risks may be exacerbated by a number of factors, including the timing of customer deposit refunds and liquidity issues among our key customers, particularly advertisers, television affiliates, theatrical exhibitors table of contents and distributors, and licensees. these factors have impacted timely payments by such customers to the company. additionally, loss of or delay in the collection of receivables as a result of contractual performance short falls, meeting our contractual payment obligations, and investments we need to make in our business may result in increased financial risk. the company has $12.5 billion in trade accounts receivable outstanding at october 2, 2021, with an allowance for credit losses of $0.2 billion. our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty due to the impacts of covid-19. economic or political conditions in a country outside the u.s. could also reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country.
the impacts of covid-19 to our business have generally amplified, or reduced our ability to mitigate, the other risks discussed in our filings with the sec and our remediation efforts may not be successful.
covid-19 also makes it more challenging for management to estimate future performance of our businesses. covid-19 has already adversely impacted our businesses and net cash flow, and we expect the ultimate magnitude of these disruptions on our financial and operational results will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration and severity of the impacts of covid-19, and among other things, the impact and duration of governmental actions imposed in response to covid-19 and individuals' and companies' risk tolerance regarding health matters going forward. where actual performance in our international markets significantly underperforms management's forecasts, the company has had, and could have further, foreign currency hedge gains/losses which are not offset by the realization of exposures, resulting in excess hedge gains or losses. while we cannot be certain as to the duration of the impacts of covid-19, we expect impacts of covid-19 to continue to affect our financial results in fiscal 2022.
changes in u.s., global, and regional economic conditions are expected to have an adverse effect on the profitability of our businesses.
a decline in economic activity, such as recession or economic downturn, in the u.s. and other regions of the world in which we do business can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. global economic activity has declined as a result of the impacts of covid-19. past declines in economic conditions reduced spending at our parks and resorts, purchases of and prices for advertising on our broadcast and cable networks and owned stations, performance of our home entertainment releases, and purchases of company-branded consumer products, and similar impacts can be expected should such conditions recur. the current decline in economic conditions could also reduce attendance at our parks and resorts, prices that mvpds pay for our cable programming or subscription levels for our cable programming or direct-to-consumer products. economic conditions can also impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. in addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector such as the energy sector (such as current inflation related to domestic and global supply chain issues, which has led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors), could result in a shift in consumer demand away from the entertainment and consumer products we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues and, at the same time, increase our costs. a decline in economic conditions could impact implementation of our expansion plans. changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies may reduce international demand for our products or increase our labor or supply costs in non-u.s. markets, or reduce the u.s. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to receive from other markets. economic or political conditions in a country could also reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in the country or our ability to repatriate revenue from the country. broader supply chain delays, such as those currently impacting global distribution may impact our ability to sell and deliver goods or otherwise disrupt our operations.
changes in technology and in consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products or the cost of producing or distributing products.
the media entertainment and internet businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. new technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to consumers, ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and the stability of those revenue streams, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view some of our entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. this trend has impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide decline in ratings for broadcast television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for traditional cable channels, including for a number of our networks. declines in linear viewership have resulted in decreased advertising revenue. in order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider, and from time to time implement changes to our business models, most recently by developing, investing in and acquiring dtc products and reorganizing our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate our dtc strategies. there can be no assurance that our dtc offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to these changes. we expect to forgo revenue from traditional sources, particularly as we expand our dtc offerings. there can be no assurance that the dtc model and other business models we may develop will ultimately be as profitable as our existing or historic business models.
table of contents misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and consumer products could negatively impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create content, which may be distributed, among other ways, through broadcast, cable, internet or cellular technology, theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and consumer products. such distribution must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. the success of our theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for public or out-of-home entertainment experiences. covid-19 may impact consumer tastes and preferences. many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside the u.s., and their success therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the u.s. moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports rights, theme park attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other facilities or customer facing platforms before we know the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. the impacts of covid-19 are inhibiting and delaying our ability to earn returns on some of these and other investments. if our entertainment offerings and products (including our content offerings, which have been impacted by covid-19) as well as our methods to make our offerings and products available to consumers, do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue may decline, decline further or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate when making investment decisions and thereby further adversely affect the profitability of one or more of our businesses. consumer tastes and preferences impact, among other items, revenue from advertising sales (which are based in part on ratings for the programs in which advertisements air), affiliate fees, subscription fees, theatrical film receipts, the license of rights to other distributors, theme park admissions, hotel room charges and merchandise, food and beverage sales, sales of licensed consumer products or sales of our other consumer products and services.
the success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the entertainment products and services we create.
the value to us of our ip is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our ip may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase.
the unauthorized use of our ip may increase the cost of protecting rights in our ip or reduce our revenues. the convergence of computing, communication and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and other creative works easier and faster and protection and enforcement of ip rights more challenging. the unauthorized distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for ip rights holders. inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry ip in one country can adversely affect the results of the company's operations worldwide, despite the company's efforts to protect its ip rights. covid-19 and distribution innovation in response to covid-19 has increased opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways. additionally, negative economic conditions coupled with a shift in government priorities could lead to less enforcement. these developments require us to devote substantial resources to protecting our ip against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution of our content and other commercial misuses of our ip.
with respect to ip developed by the company and rights acquired by the company from others, the company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark and patent rights by third parties. successful challenges to our rights in ip may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from or utilize the ip that is the subject of challenged rights. from time to time, the company has been notified that it may be infringing certain ip rights of third parties. technological changes in industries in which the company operates and extensive patent coverage in those areas may increase the risk of such claims being brought and prevailing.
protection of electronically stored data and other cybersecurity is costly, and if our data or systems are materially compromised in spite of this protection, we may incur additional costs, lost opportunities, damage to our reputation, disruption of service or theft of our assets.
we maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. we also use computer systems to deliver our products and services and operate our businesses. data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction or denial of access and our computer systems are subject to cyberattacks that may result in disruptions in service. we use many third party systems and software, which are also subject to supply chain and other table of contents cyberattacks. we develop and maintain an information security program to identify and mitigate cyber risks but the development and maintenance of this program is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. accordingly, despite our efforts, the risk of unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction or denial of access with respect to data or systems and other cybersecurity attacks cannot be eliminated entirely, and the risks associated with a potentially material incident remain. in addition, we provide some confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in certain cases when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where we believe appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised.
if our information or cyber security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and, as described above, we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. if personal information of our customers or employees is misappropriated, our reputation with our customers and employees may be damaged resulting in loss of business or morale, and we may incur costs to remediate possible harm to our customers and employees or damages arising from litigation and/or to pay fines or take other action with respect to judicial or regulatory actions arising out of the incident. insurance we obtain may not cover losses or damages associated with such attacks or events. our systems and the systems of third parties with whom we engage are continually attacked.
a variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for or consumption of our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost or reduce the profitability of providing our products and services.
demand for and consumption of our products and services, particularly our theme parks and resorts, is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism. the environment for travel and tourism, as well as demand for and consumption of other entertainment products, can be significantly adversely affected in the u.s., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: health concerns (including as it has been by covid-19 and could be by future pandemics); adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term climate change, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, typhoons, floods, tsunamis and earthquakes); international, political or military developments (including social unrest); a decline in economic activity; and terrorist attacks. these events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to some of these events. an incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents, including the costs of protecting against the spread of covid-19, reduces the profitability of our operations.
for example, covid-19 and measures to prevent the spread of covid-19 are currently impairing our ability to provide our products and services and reducing consumption of those products and services. further, prior to covid-19, events in hong kong impacted profitability of our hong kong operations and may continue to do so, and past hurricanes have impacted the profitability of walt disney world resort in florida and future hurricanes may also do so.
the negative economic consequences of covid-19 may be particularly challenging in markets where individuals and local businesses have limited access to government supported "safety nets," which could lead to political instability and unrest, and further depress demand for our products and services over a longer timeframe.
in addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the company, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. a wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected. in specific geographic markets, we have experienced delayed and/or partial payments from certain affiliate partners due to liquidity issues.
we obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. when insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. the types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we may experience material losses not covered by our insurance. for example, most losses related to impacts of covid-19 will not be covered by insurance available to us.
table of contents changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses or the value of our assets.
as changes in our business environment occur we have adjusted, and may further adjust our business strategies to meet these changes and we may otherwise decide to further restructure our operations or particular businesses or assets. for example, in october 2020 we announced a reorganization of our media and entertainment businesses to accelerate our dtc strategies. in march 2021 we announced the closure of a substantial number of our disney-branded retail stores; and we have announced exploration of a number of new types of businesses. our new organization and strategies may not produce the anticipated benefits, such as supporting our growth strategies and enhancing shareholder value. our new organization and strategies could be less successful than our previous organizational structure and strategies. in addition, external events including changing technology, changing consumer purchasing patterns, acceptance of our theatrical and other content offerings and changes in macroeconomic conditions may impair the value of our assets. when these changes or events occur, we may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write-down the value of assets. for example, current conditions, including covid-19 and our business decisions, have reduced the value of some of our assets. we have impaired goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels businesses and impaired the value of certain of our retail store assets. we may write-down other assets as our strategy evolves to account for the current business environment. we also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business and in new business lines. in recent years, such investments have included expansion and renovation of certain of our theme parks, expansion of our fleet of cruise ships, the acquisition of tfcf and investments related to dtc offerings. some of these investments have returns that are negative or low, the ultimate business prospects of the businesses related to these investments are uncertain, these investments may impact the profitability of our other businesses, and these risks are exacerbated by covid-19. in any of these events, our costs may increase, we may have significant charges associated with the write-down of assets or returns on new investments may be lower than prior to the change in strategy or restructuring. even if our strategies are effective in the long term, growth of our new offerings is unlikely to be even quarter over quarter and we may not expand into new markets as or when anticipated. our ability to forecast for new businesses may be impacted by our lack of experience operating in those new businesses, volatility beyond our control (such as the events beyond our control noted above) and our ability to obtain or develop the content and rights on which our projections are based. accordingly, we may not achieve our forecasted outcomes.
increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs.
we face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. this includes, among other types, competition for human resources, content and other resources we require in operating our business. for example:
•our programming and production operations compete to obtain creative, performing and business talent, sports and other programming, story properties, advertiser support and market share with other studio operators, television networks, svod providers and other new sources of broadband delivered content.
•our television networks and stations and dtc offerings compete for the sale of advertising time with other television and svod services, as well as with newspapers, magazines, billboards and radio stations. in addition, we increasingly face competition for advertising sales from internet and mobile delivered content, which offer advertising delivery technologies that are more targeted than can be achieved through traditional means.
•our television networks compete for carriage of their programming with other programming providers.
•our theme parks and resorts compete for guests with all other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreation activities.
•our content sales/licensing operations compete for customers with all other forms of entertainment.
•our consumer products business competes with other licensors and creators of ip.
•our dtc businesses compete for customers with an increasing number of competitors' dtc offerings, all other forms of media and all other forms of entertainment, as well as for technology, creative, performing and business talent and for content.
competition in each of these areas may increase as a result of technological developments and changes in market structure, including consolidation of suppliers of resources and distribution channels. increased competition may divert consumers from our creative or other products, or to other products or other forms of entertainment, which could reduce our revenue or increase our marketing costs.
competition for the acquisition of resources can increase the cost of producing our products and services, deprive us of talent necessary to produce high quality creative material or increase the cost of compensation for our employees. such competition may also reduce, or limit growth in, prices for our products and services, including advertising rates and subscription fees at our media networks, parks and resorts admissions and room rates, prices for consumer products from which we derive license revenues, and fees for our dtc offerings.
table of contents our results may be adversely affected if long-term programming or carriage contracts are not renewed on sufficiently favorable terms.
we enter into long-term contracts for both the acquisition and the distribution of media programming and products, including contracts for the acquisition of programming rights for sporting events and other programs, and contracts for the distribution of our programming to content distributors. as these contracts expire, we must renew or renegotiate the contracts, and if we are unable to renew them on acceptable terms, we may lose programming rights or distribution rights. even if these contracts are renewed, the cost of obtaining programming rights may increase (or increase at faster rates than our historical experience) or programming distributors, facing pressures resulting from increased subscription fees and alternative distribution challenges, may demand terms (including pricing and the breadth of distribution) that reduce our revenue from distribution of programs (or increase revenue at slower rates than our historical experience). moreover, our ability to renew these contracts on favorable terms may be affected by consolidation in the market for program distribution, the entrance of new participants in the market for distribution of content on digital platforms and the impacts of covid-19. with respect to the acquisition of programming rights, particularly sports programming rights, the impact of these long-term contracts on our results over the term of the contracts depends on a number of factors, including the strength of advertising markets, subscription levels and rates for programming, effectiveness of marketing efforts and the size of viewer audiences. there can be no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming.
changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair the profitability of our businesses.
our broadcast networks and television stations are highly regulated, and each of our other businesses is subject to a variety of u.s. and overseas regulations. some of these regulations include:
•u.s. fcc regulation of our television and radio networks, our national programming networks and our owned television stations. see item 1 - business - disney media and entertainment distribution, federal regulation.
•regulation of the safety and supply chain of consumer products and theme park operations, including potential regulation regarding the sourcing, importation and the sale of goods.
•environmental protection regulations.
•imposition by foreign countries of trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, currency exchange controls or film or television content requirements, investment obligations or quotas.
changes in any of these regulations or regulator activities in any of these areas, or others, may require us to spend additional amounts to comply with the regulations, or may restrict our ability to offer products and services in ways that are profitable. for example, in january 2019 india implemented regulation and tariffs impacting certain bundling of channels; u.s. agencies have enhanced trade restrictions and legislation is currently under consideration that would prohibit importation of goods from certain regions; and in many countries/regions around the world (including but not limited to the eu) regulators are requiring us to broadcast on our linear (or display on our dtc streaming services) programming produced in specific countries as well as invest specified amounts of our revenues in local content productions.
public health and other regional, national, state and local regulations and policies are impacting our ability to operate our businesses at all or in accordance with historic practice. in addition to the government requirements that have closed or impacted most of our businesses as a result of covid-19, government requirements may continue to be extended and new government requirements may be imposed.
our operations outside the u.s. may be adversely affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions.
our operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions are in many cases subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate rather than u.s. law. laws in some jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the u.s. these differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights may be different than would be expected under u.s. law. moreover, enforcement of laws in some overseas jurisdictions can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe are beneficial to our business. in addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or u.s. anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. as a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-u.s. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if u.s. law governed these operations.
damage to our reputation or brands may negatively impact our company across businesses and regions.
our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. because our brands engage consumers across our businesses, damage to our reputation or brands in one business may have an impact on our other table of contents businesses. because some of our brands are globally recognized, brand damage may not be locally contained. maintenance of the reputation of our company and brands depends on many factors including the quality of our offerings, maintenance of trust with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. significant negative claims or publicity regarding the company or its operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture may damage our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. damage to our reputation or brands could impact our sales, business opportunities, profitability, recruiting and valuation of our securities.
risks that impact our business as a whole may also impact the success of our dtc business.
we may not successfully execute on our dtc strategy. an increasing number of competitors have entered dtc businesses. consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of dtc streaming services, potentially exacerbated by an economic downturn. we face competition for creative talent and may not be successful in recruiting and retaining talent. government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations, may impact the implementation of our dtc business plans. the highly competitive environment in which we operate puts pricing pressure on our dtc offerings and may require us to lower our prices or not take price increases to attract or retain customers. these and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our dtc businesses.
potential credit ratings actions, increases in interest rates, or volatility in the u.s. and global financial markets could impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments.
our borrowing costs have been, and can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent ratings agencies that are based, in part, on the company's performance as measured by credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. as a result of covid-19, standard and poor's downgraded our long-term debt ratings by two notches to bbb+ and downgraded our short-term debt ratings by one notch to a-2. fitch downgraded our long- and short-term credit ratings by one notch to a- and f2, respectively. as of october 2, 2021 moody's investors service's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a2 and p-1 (stable), respectively, standard and poor's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were bbb+ and a-2 (stable), respectively, and fitch's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a- and f2 (stable), respectively. these ratings actions have increased, and any potential future downgrades could further increase, our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing.
in addition, increases in interest rates or volatility in u.s. and global financial markets could impact our access to, or increase the cost of, financing. past disruptions in the u.s. and global credit and equity markets made it more difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on acceptable terms. these conditions tended to increase the cost of borrowing and if they recur, our cost of borrowing could increase and it may be more difficult to obtain financing for our operations or investments.
labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses.
a significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses are covered by collective bargaining agreements, including employees of our theme parks and resorts as well as writers, directors, actors, production personnel and others employed at dmed. in addition, the employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our consumer products, and employees of providers of programming content (such as sports leagues) may be covered by labor agreements with their employers. in general, a labor dispute involving our employees or the employees of our licensees or retailers who sell our consumer products or providers of programming content may disrupt our operations and reduce our revenues. resolution of disputes or negotiation of rate increases may increase our costs.
the seasonality of certain of our businesses and timing of certain of our product offerings could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations.
each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our product offerings, including as follows:
•revenues in our dpep segment fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities and seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in increased revenues during the company's first and fourth fiscal quarters. peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. our parks, resorts and experiences are or may be operating at diminished capacity or have been or may be closed during these periods as a result of covid-19. in addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical releases and cable programming broadcasts, many of which have been delayed, canceled or modified.
•revenues from television networks and stations are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. in general, advertising revenues are somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months.
•revenues from content sales/licensing fluctuate due to the timing of content releases across various distribution markets. release dates and methods are determined by a number of factors, including, among others, competition, the timing of vacation and holiday periods and impacts of covid-19 to various distribution markets.
•dtc revenues fluctuate based on changes in the number of subscribers and subscriber fee or revenue mix; viewership levels on our digital platforms; and the demand for sports and film and television content. each of these may depend on the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports seasons, content production schedules and league shut downs. because our dtc business is relatively new, we have limited data on which to base our understanding of dtc seasonality.
accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand could have a disproportionate effect on the results of that business for the year. examples include the ongoing impact of covid-19 on various high seasons or hurricane damage to our parks during the summer travel season.
sustained increases in costs of pension and postretirement medical and other employee health and welfare benefits may reduce our profitability.
with approximately 190,000 employees, our profitability is substantially affected by costs of pension and current and postretirement medical benefits. we may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic factors, which are beyond our control, including increases in the cost of health care. impacts of covid-19 may lead to an increase in the cost of medical insurance and expenses. in addition, changes in investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. these macroeconomic factors as well as a decline in the fair value of pension and postretirement medical plan assets may put upward pressure on the cost of providing pension and postretirement medical benefits and may increase future funding requirements. there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
the alteration or discontinuation of libor may adversely affect our borrowing costs.
certain of our interest rate derivatives and a portion of our indebtedness bear interest at variable interest rates, primarily based on libor, which may be subject to regulatory guidance and/or reform that could cause interest rates under our current or future debt agreements to perform differently than in the past or cause other unanticipated consequences. in july 2017, the chief executive of the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. however, on november 30, 2020, ice benchmark administration ("iba"), indicated that it would consult on its intention to cease publication of most usd libor tenors beyond june 30, 2023. on march 5, 2021, iba confirmed it would cease publication of overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month usd libor settings immediately following the libor publication on june 30, 2023. iba also intends to cease publishing 1 week and 2 month usd libor settings immediately following the libor publication on december 31, 2021. the alternative reference rates committee (arcc), which was convened by the federal reserve board and the new york fed, has identified the secured overnight financing rate (sofr) as the recommended risk-free alternative rate for usd libor. the extended cessation date for most usd libor tenors will allow for more time for existing legacy usd libor contracts to mature and provide additional time to continue to prepare for the transition from libor. at this time, it is not possible to predict the effect any discontinuance, modification or other reforms to libor, or the establishment of alternative reference rates such as sofr, or any other reference rate, will have on the company or its borrowing costs.
acquisition risks our consolidated indebtedness increased substantially following completion of the tfcf acquisition and further increased as a result of the impacts of covid-19. this increased level of indebtedness could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
as a result of the tfcf acquisition in fiscal 2019, the company's net indebtedness increased substantially. the increased indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our financial flexibility and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions, such as those presented by covid-19, among others. increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. the company has announced an intention not to declare further dividends until a return to a more normalized operating environment. our leverage ratios have increased as the result of covid-19's impact on financial performance, which caused certain of the credit ratings agencies to downgrade their assessment of our credit ratings, and are expected to remain elevated at least in the near term. our debt ratings may be further downgraded, which may negatively impact our cost of borrowings.
consummation of the tfcf acquisition has increased our exposure to the risks of operating internationally.
we are a diversified entertainment company that offers entertainment, travel and consumer products worldwide. although many of our businesses increasingly depend on acceptance of our offerings and products by consumers outside of the u.s., the combination with tfcf has increased the importance of international operations to our future operations, growth and prospects.
table of contents our risks of operating internationally have increased following the completion of the tfcf acquisition and as a result of covid-19.
we have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction and financing costs in connection with the tfcf acquisition and integration and the hulu put/call agreement with nbcu. we may also incur accounting and other costs that were not anticipated at the time of the tfcf acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to reserves in the future. such costs could negatively impact the company's free cash flow.
general risks the company's amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the company and its stockholders, which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of the company's stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers or other employees.
the company's amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or stockholder of the company to the company or the company's stockholders, (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to, or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, any provision of the general corporation law of the state of delaware (the "dgcl"), the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action or proceeding as to which the general corporation law of the state of delaware confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of the state of delaware, (v) or any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. the choice of forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company or the company's directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the company or the company's directors, officers and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the company's amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. the exclusive forum provision in the company's amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the securities act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results
2021                                                                                                                                                                                   2020       % change better
services                                                                                                                                 $61,768                               $59,265                 4 %
cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)                                                                           (41,129)                              (39,406)               (4) %
cost of products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)                                                                            (4,002)                               (4,474)                11 %
restructuring and impairment charges                                                                                                       (654)                               (5,735)                89 %
equity in the income of investees, net                                                                                                       761                                   651                17 %
net income (loss) from continuing operations                                                                                               2,536                               (2,442)                  nm loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax benefit of $9 and $10, respectively                                                    (29)                                  (32)                 9 %
$1.10                                    $(1.58)             nm weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding:
(1)total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
table of contents organization of information management's discussion and analysis provides a narrative on the company's financial performance and condition that should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. it includes the following sections:
•significant developments
•business segment results
•liquidity and capital resources
•supplemental guarantor financial information
•forward-looking statements in item 7, we discuss fiscal 2021 and 2020 results and comparisons of fiscal 2021 results to fiscal 2020 results. discussions of fiscal 2019 results and comparisons of fiscal 2020 results to fiscal 2019 results can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the update to part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended october 3, 2020 as reported in exhibit 99.1 to the current report on form 8-k of the company filed april 1, 2021.
significant developments covid-19 pandemic since early 2020, the world has been, and continues to be, impacted by covid-19 and its variants. covid-19 and measures to prevent its spread has impacted our segments in a number of ways, most significantly at the dpep segment where our theme parks and resorts were closed and cruise ship sailings and guided tours were suspended. these operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, at various points since may 2020. we have delayed, or in some cases, shortened or cancelled theatrical releases, and stage play performances were suspended as of march 2020. stage play operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. theaters have been subject to capacity limitations and shifting government mandates or guidance regarding covid-19 restrictions. we experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the delay of key live sports programming during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021, as well as the suspension of most film and television production in march 2020. although film and television production generally resumed beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we continue to see disruption of production activities depending on local circumstances. fewer theatrical releases and production delays have limited the availability of film content to be sold in distribution windows subsequent to the theatrical release.
we have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of covid-19 on our businesses. we significantly increased cash balances through the issuance of senior notes in march and may 2020. the company did not pay a dividend with respect to fiscal 2020 operations and has not declared or paid a dividend with respect to fiscal 2021 operations; suspended certain capital projects; reduced certain discretionary expenditures (such as spending on marketing); reduced management compensation for several months in fiscal 2020 and temporarily eliminated board of director retainers and committee fees in fiscal 2020. in addition, we furloughed over 120,000 of our employees (who continued to receive company provided medical benefits), most of which have returned from furlough as operations have reopened. at the end of fiscal 2020, the company announced a workforce reduction plan, which was essentially completed in the first half of fiscal 2021. we may take additional mitigation actions in the future such as raising additional financing; not declaring future dividends; reducing, or not making, certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; further suspending capital spending, reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force; or modifying our operating strategies. some of these measures may have an adverse impact on our businesses.
the most significant impact on operating income since the second quarter of fiscal 2020 from covid-19 was at the dpep segment due to revenue lost as a result of closures and/or reduced operating capacities. although results improved in the second half of fiscal 2021 compared to the second half of fiscal 2020 from reopening our dpep businesses, we continue to be impacted by reduced operating capacities. covid-19 also had a negative impact in fiscal 2021 at our dmed segment compared to fiscal 2020 as higher advertising revenue from the return of live sporting events was more than offset by higher sports programming costs. our other film and television distribution businesses were impacted by revenue lost from the deferral or cancellation of significant film releases, partially offset by costs avoided due to a reduction in film cost amortization, marketing and distribution costs. the impact of covid-19 on fiscal 2021 and 2020 results is not necessarily indicative of the impact on future period results.
table of contents the impact of these disruptions and the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue, which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration and severity of the impacts of covid-19 and its variants, and among other things, the impact and duration of governmental actions imposed in response to covid-19 and individuals' and companies' risk tolerance regarding health matters going forward.
our businesses have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, guests and talent. for example, when we reopened theme parks and retail stores, we incurred and will continue to incur costs for such things as additional custodial services, personal protection equipment, temperature screenings and testing, sanitizer and cleaning supplies and signage, among other items. similar costs have been incurred in the production of film and television content, including live sporting events, and productions may take longer to complete. the timing, duration and extent of these costs will depend on the timing and scope of the resumption of our operations. these costs totaled approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2021. some of these costs have been capitalized and will be amortized over future periods. with the unknown duration of covid-19, it is not possible to precisely estimate the impact of covid-19 on our operations in future periods, although we estimate a modestly lower impact in fiscal 2022. in addition, we are no longer benefiting from certain savings related to the closure of certain businesses, such as related furloughs. the reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes.
additionally, see part i., item 1a. risk factors - the adverse impact of covid-19 on our businesses will continue for an unknown length of time and may continue to impact certain of our key sources of revenue.
direct-to-consumer the company has significantly increased its focus on distribution of branded film and episodic content via our own dtc streaming services. as a result, we are forgoing certain licensing revenue from the sale of this content to third parties in tv/svod markets. we also expect to forgo revenue as we shut down channels in certain markets as a result of investment in our dtc offerings. in addition, we are increasing programming and production investments to create exclusive content for our dtc offerings.
consolidated results and non-segment items the company's fiscal year end is on the saturday closest to september 30 and consists of fifty-two weeks with the exception that approximately every six years, we have a fifty-three week year. fiscal 2020 was a fifty-three week year, which began on september 29, 2019 and ended on october 3, 2020. we estimate that the additional week of operations in fiscal 2020 resulted in a benefit to pre-tax income in the prior year of approximately $200 million, primarily at the dmed segment.
revenues for fiscal 2021 increased 3%, or $2.0 billion, to $67.4 billion; net income attributable to disney increased $4.9 billion, to income of $2.0 billion; and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to disney increased to income of $1.11 compared to a loss of $1.57 in the prior year. the eps increase for the year was due to the comparison to goodwill and intangible asset impairments recognized in the prior year at our international channels business, an income tax benefit in the current year compared to tax expense in the prior year and lower amortization of fair value step-up on film and television costs and intangible assets from the tfcf acquisition and consolidation of hulu (collectively tfcf and hulu acquisition amortization). these increases were partially offset by lower net investment gains and a decrease in segment operating income at dmed.
revenues service revenues for fiscal 2021 increased 4%, or $2.5 billion, to $61.8 billion, due to higher dtc subscription revenue, advertising revenue growth and, to a lesser extent, increased merchandise licensing revenue. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in tv/svod distribution revenue, lower theatrical revenues, a decrease in revenue at our parks and experiences businesses and, to a lesser extent, lower electronic home entertainment sales, all of which reflected the impact of covid-19. the decrease at parks and experiences was due to lower volumes from closure/generally reduced operating capacities, partially offset by an increase in average guest spending. the decrease in tv/svod distribution revenue also reflected the shift from licensing our content to third parties to distributing it on our dtc streaming services.
product revenues for fiscal 2021 decreased 8%, or $0.5 billion, to $5.7 billion, due to lower home entertainment volumes and a decrease in merchandise, food and beverage sales at parks and experiences as lower volumes were partially offset by an increase in average guest spending.
costs and expenses cost of services for fiscal 2021 increased 4%, or $1.7 billion, to $41.1 billion, due to higher programming, production and technology costs at disney+ and hulu and higher sports programming costs. the increase in sports programming costs was due to nba, cricket, college football and soccer events, many of which shifted from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 due to covid-19. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in film and television production cost amortization and distribution costs at table of contents content sales/licensing reflecting lower revenues and, to a lesser extent, lower volumes at our parks and experiences businesses.
cost of products for fiscal 2021 decreased 11%, or $0.5 billion, to $4.0 billion, due to lower merchandise, food and beverage sales at our theme parks and resorts and a decrease in home entertainment volumes.
selling, general, administrative and other costs for fiscal 2021 increased 9%, or $1.1 billion, to $13.5 billion, due to higher marketing costs at direct-to-consumer and linear networks, partially offset by lower marketing costs at content sales/licensing.
depreciation and amortization costs decreased 4%, or $0.2 billion, to $5.1 billion due to lower amortization of intangible assets from the acquisition of tfcf and hulu and lower depreciation at our theme parks and resorts.
restructuring and impairment charges restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2021 were $0.7 billion due to $0.4 billion of asset impairments and severance costs related to the shut-down of an animation studio and the closure of a substantial number of disney-branded retail stores in north america and europe and $0.3 billion of severance and other costs in connection with the integration of tfcf and workforce reductions at dpep.
restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2020 were $5.7 billion due to $5.0 billion of impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets at our international channels business and $0.8 billion of severance and other costs in connection with the acquisition and integration of tfcf and at our dpep segment.
(in millions)                                2021                    2020   % change better (worse)
in fiscal 2021, the company recognized a $186 million gain from the sale of our investment in fubotv inc. (fubotv gain), a $126 million gain on the sale of our 50% interest in a german free-to-air (fta) television network (german fta gain) and a non-cash loss of $111 million to adjust our investment in draftkings, inc. to fair value (draftkings gain (loss)).
in fiscal 2020, the company recognized a $973 million draftkings gain and a $65 million gain on the sale of our 50% interest in endemol shine group (endemol shine gain).
(in millions)                                                         2021                      2020             % change better (worse)
the decrease in interest expense was primarily due to lower average interest rates and higher capitalized interest, partially offset by higher average debt balances.
the decrease in interest income, investment income and other was due to higher pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, partially offset by lower investment impairments.
equity in the income of investees equity in the income of investees increased $110 million to $761 million in the current year due to higher income from a+e television networks and tata sky limited and lower investment impairments.
table of contents effective income tax rate
the effective income tax rate in the current year was lower than the u.s. statutory rate due to favorable adjustments related to prior years and excess tax benefits on employee share-based awards, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign losses for which we are unable to recognize a tax benefit. the effective income tax rate in the prior year included unfavorable impacts from the goodwill impairment, which was not tax deductible, higher tax rates than the u.s. statutory rate on foreign earnings and foreign losses for which we are unable to recognize a tax benefit.
(in millions)                                                                          2021                    2020                    % change better (worse)
the increase in net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests was due to lower losses at shanghai disney resort, our dtc sports business and hong kong disneyland resort and higher accretion of the fair value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in bamtech. these increases were partially offset by lower results at espn.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
certain items impacting results in the year results for fiscal 2021 were impacted by the following:
•tfcf and hulu acquisition amortization of $2,418 million
•restructuring and impairment charges of $654 million
•the fubotv gain of $186 million, german fta gain of $126 million and draftkings loss of $111 million results for fiscal 2020 were impacted by the following:
•goodwill and intangible asset impairments of $4,953 million and restructuring charges of $782 million
•tfcf and hulu acquisition amortization of $2,846 million
•the draftkings gain of $973 million and endemol shine gain of $65 million a summary of the impact of these items on eps is as follows:
(in millions, except per share data)                                    pre-tax income (loss)                        tax benefit (expense)(1)                after-tax income (loss)                eps favorable (adverse)(2)
restructuring and impairment charges                                    (654)                                                  152                                   (502)                                   (0.27)
fubotv and german fta gains, partially offset by draftkings loss        201                                                   (46)                                     155                                     0.08
restructuring and impairment charges                                    $(5,735)                                              $571                                $(5,164)                                  $(2.86)
(1)tax benefit/expense adjustments are determined using the tax rate applicable to the individual item affecting comparability.
(2)eps is net of noncontrolling interest, where applicable. total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3)includes amortization of intangibles related to tfcf equity investees.
table of contents business segment results below is a discussion of the major revenue and expense categories for our business segments. costs and expenses for each segment consist of operating expenses, selling, general, administrative and other costs, and depreciation and amortization. selling, general, administrative and other costs include third-party and internal marketing expenses.
our dmed segment primarily generates revenue across three significant lines of business/distribution platforms: linear networks, direct-to-consumer and content sales/licensing. programming and production costs to support these businesses/distribution platforms are largely incurred across three content creation groups: studios, general entertainment and sports. programming and production costs include amortization of acquired licensed programming rights (including sports rights), amortization of capitalized production costs (including participations and residuals) and production costs related to live programming such as news and sports.
the linear networks business generates revenue from affiliate fees and advertising sales and from fees from sub-licensing of sports programming to third parties. operating expenses include programming and production costs, technical support costs, operating labor and distribution costs.
the direct-to-consumer business generates revenue from subscription fees, advertising sales and pay-per-view and premier access fees. operating expenses include programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating labor and distribution costs. operating expenses also includes fees paid to linear networks for the right to air the linear networks feed and other services.
the content sales/licensing business generates revenue from the sale of film and episodic television content in the tv/svod and home entertainment markets, distribution of films in the theatrical market, licensing of our music rights, sales of tickets to stage play performances and licensing of our ip for use in stage plays. operating expenses include programming and production costs, distribution expenses and costs of sales.
our dpep segment primarily generates revenue from the sale of admissions to theme parks, the sale of food, beverage and merchandise at our theme parks and resorts, charges for room nights at hotels, sales of cruise vacations, sales and rentals of vacation club properties, royalties from licensing our ip for use on consumer goods and the sale of branded merchandise. revenues are also generated from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales, and royalties from tokyo disney resort. significant expenses include operating labor, costs of goods sold, infrastructure costs, depreciation and other operating expenses. infrastructure costs include information systems expense, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, retail occupancy costs, insurance and transportation. other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings.
the company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment operating income, and management uses total segment operating income as a measure of the overall performance of the operating businesses. total segment operating income is not a financial measure defined by gaap, should be reviewed in conjunction with the relevant gaap financial measure and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the company believes that information about total segment operating income assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of the company's portfolio of businesses separate from factors other than business operations that affect net income.
the following table reconciles income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes to total segment operating income:
(in millions)                                                                 2021                      2020             % change better (worse)
restructuring and impairment charges                                       654                      5,735                    89 %
total segment operating income                                          $7,766                     $8,108                   (4) %
table of contents the following is a summary of segment revenue and operating income:
(in millions)                                               2021                    2020             % change better (worse)
disney parks, experiences and products                16,552                   17,038                   (3) %
segment operating income:
disney parks, experiences and products                   471                      455                     4 %
disney media and entertainment distribution revenue and operating results for the dmed segment are as follows:
(in millions)                                         2021   2020                              % change better (worse)
linear networks                                $28,093                  $27,583                     2 %
elimination of intrasegment revenue(1)           (892)                    (762)                  (17) %
segment operating income (loss):
linear networks                                 $8,407                   $9,413                  (11) %
(1)  reflects fees received by the linear networks from other dmed businesses for the right to air our linear networks and related services.
linear networks operating results for linear networks are as follows:
(in millions)                                                 2021                      2020             % change better (worse)
operating expenses                                    (16,808)                   (15,309)                  (10) %
equity in the income of investees                          781                        731                     7 %
operating income                                        $8,407                     $9,413                  (11) %
table of contents revenues affiliate revenue is as follows:
(in millions)                           2021                    2020   % change better (worse)
the increase in affiliate revenue at the domestic channels was due to an increase of 7% from higher contractual rates, partially offset by decreases of 4% from fewer subscribers and 2% from the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year.
the decrease in affiliate revenue at the international channels was due to decreases of 4% from fewer subscribers driven by channel closures, primarily in europe and asia, 2% from the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year and 1% from an unfavorable foreign exchange impact.
(in millions)                           2021                      2020             % change better (worse)
the increase in cable advertising revenue was due to an increase of 10% from higher rates, partially offset by decreases of 6% from fewer impressions and 4% from the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year. the decrease in impressions reflected lower average viewership, partially offset by higher units delivered.
the decrease in broadcasting advertising revenue was primarily due to decreases of 7% from fewer impressions at abc and 2% from the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year, partially offset by increases of 4% from higher rates at abc and 4% from the owned television stations. the decrease in impressions reflected lower average viewership, partially offset by higher units delivered. the increase at the owned television stations was primarily due to higher rates reflecting political advertising.
the increase in international channels advertising revenue was due to increases of 43% from higher impressions, reflecting an increase in average viewership, 6% from higher rates and 2% from a favorable foreign exchange impact, partially offset by a decrease of 5% from the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year. the increase in impressions was due to the airing of live sporting events in the current year that were not aired in the prior year, primarily indian premier league (ipl) cricket matches.
other revenue decreased $52 million, to $588 million from $640 million, due to an unfavorable foreign exchange impact.
costs and expenses operating expenses are as follows:
(in millions)                                     2021   2020                                % change better (worse)
other operating expenses                   (1,549)                    (1,473)                   (5) %
table of contents the increase in programming and production costs at cable was due to the timing of live sporting events, partially offset by the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year. as a result of covid-19, events have been delayed since march 2020. the most significant impacts were due to the shift of nba and college football games from fiscal 2020 into the current fiscal year.
the increase in programming and production costs at broadcasting was due to an increase in the average cost of programming reflecting incremental costs of health and safety measures.
the increase in programming and production costs at the international channels was due to an increase in sports programming costs, partially offset by the comparison to the additional week of operations in the prior year and the impact of channel closures. higher sports programming costs were due to the timing of live sporting events driven by the shift of ipl cricket matches into the current year from fiscal 2020.
selling, general administrative and other costs increased $161 million, to $3,491 million from $3,330 million, due to higher marketing costs at fx channels and abc reflecting more titles premiering in the current year, partially offset by lower bad debt expense.
depreciation and amortization decreased $94 million, to $168 million from $262 million, primarily due to the transfer of technology assets and related depreciation primarily between linear networks and content sales/licensing and other and higher asset write-offs in the prior year.
equity in the income of investees income from equity investees increased $50 million, to $781 million from $731 million, primarily due to higher income from a+e television networks driven by an increase in program sales and lower programming costs, partially offset by lower advertising revenue and higher marketing costs.
operating income from linear networks operating income decreased 11%, to $8,407 million from $9,413 million due to decreases at cable and, to a lesser extent, broadcasting, partially offset by an increase at the international channels and higher income from equity investees.
the following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for linear networks:
(in millions)                                         2021                    2020             % change better (worse)
supplemental operating income detail domestic channels                               $6,594                   $7,708                  (14) %
equity in the income of investees                  781                      731                     7 %
direct-to-consumer operating results for direct-to-consumer are as follows:
(in millions)                                                 2021                      2020             % change better (worse)
operating expenses                                    (13,234)                   (10,078)                  (31) %
equity in the loss of investees                              -                        (1)                   100 %
operating loss                                        $(1,679)                   $(2,913)                    42 %
table of contents revenues the increase in subscription fees was due to higher subscribers driven by growth at disney+, hulu and, to a lesser extent, espn+, and higher rates due to increases in retail pricing at hulu, disney+ and, to a lesser extent, espn+.
higher advertising revenue reflected increases of 39% from higher impressions and 3% from higher rates due to an increase at hulu. higher impressions were due to increases at hulu, disney+ and, to a lesser extent, espn+.
the increase in tv/svod distribution and other revenue was due to higher disney+ premier access revenues and an increase in ultimate fighting championship (ufc) pay-per-view fees. higher disney+ premier access revenues were due to four releases in the current year, black widow, raya, jungle cruise and cruella, compared to one release in the prior year, mulan. the increase in ufc pay-per-view fees reflected the benefit of thirteen events in the current year compared to eleven in the prior year and higher pricing.
the following table presents the number of paid subscribers(1) (in millions) for disney+, espn+ and hulu as of:
october 2, 2021                  october 3, 2020             % change better (worse)
2021                                                 2020             % change better (worse)
(1)reflects subscribers for which we recognized subscription revenue. subscribers cease to be a paid subscriber as of their effective cancellation date or as a result of a failed payment method. subscribers to the bundled offering in the u.s. are counted as a paid subscriber for each service included in the bundle (disney+, hulu and espn+). star+ in latin america is offered as a standalone service or along with disney+. if a subscriber has either the standalone disney+ or star+ service or both the disney+ and star+ services, they are counted as one disney+ paid subscriber. when we aggregate the total number of paid subscribers across our dtc streaming services, whether acquired individually, through a wholesale arrangement or via the bundle, we refer to them as paid subscriptions.
(2)includes disney+ hotstar and star+. disney+ hotstar launched on april 3, 2020 in india (as a conversion of the preexisting hotstar service), on september 5, 2020 in indonesia, on june 1, 2021 in malaysia, and on june 30, 2021 in thailand. disney+ hotstar average monthly revenue per paid subscriber is significantly lower than the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for disney+ in other markets. star+ launched in latin america on august 31, 2021.
(3)total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(4)revenue per paid subscriber is calculated based on the average of the monthly average paid subscribers for each month in the period. the monthly average paid subscribers is calculated as the sum of the beginning of the month and end of the month paid subscriber count, divided by two. disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber is calculated using a daily average of paid subscribers for the period. revenue includes subscription fees, advertising (excluding revenue earned from selling advertising spots to other company businesses) and premium and feature add-on revenue but excludes premier access and pay-per-view revenue. the average revenue per subscriber is net of discounts on bundled services. the bundled discount is allocated to each service based on the relative retail price of each service on a standalone basis. in general, wholesale arrangements have a lower average monthly revenue per paid subscriber than subscribers that we acquire directly or through third party platforms like apple.
table of contents the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for disney+ decreased from $4.80 to $4.08 due to a higher mix of disney+ hotstar subscribers in the current year, partially offset by a lower mix of wholesale subscribers in the current year and increases in retail pricing.
the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for espn+ increased from $4.35 to $4.57 primarily due to increases in retail pricing in august 2021 and august 2020, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers to the bundled offering.
the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the hulu svod only service increased from $12.24 to $12.86 primarily due to higher per-subscriber advertising revenue, a lower mix of wholesale subscribers and an increase in per-subscriber premium add-on revenue, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers to the bundled offering. the average monthly revenue per paid subscriber for the hulu live tv + svod service increased from $67.24 to $81.35 due to an increase in retail pricing in december 2020, higher per-subscriber advertising revenue and, to a lesser extent, per-subscriber premium and feature add-on revenue, partially offset by a higher mix of subscribers to the bundled offering.
costs and expenses operating expenses are as follows:
(in millions)                          2021              2020                                 % change better (worse)
other operating expense                (2,518)                    (1,954)                       (29) %
the increase in programming and production costs was due to higher costs at disney+, hulu and, to a lesser extent, espn+. the increase at disney+ was due to the ongoing expansion including launches in additional markets. higher costs at hulu were due to an increase in subscriber-based fees for programming the live service driven by higher average monthly subscribers and rate increases. higher espn+ costs were primarily due to new soccer programming rights, higher costs for ufc programming rights driven by two additional events in the current year, and new college sports rights. other operating expenses, which include technical support and distribution costs, increased due to higher distribution costs at disney+ due to the ongoing expansion.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $1,309 million, to $4,435 million from $3,126 million, due to higher marketing and general and administrative costs at disney+ driven by the ongoing expansion.
depreciation and amortization increased $69 million, to $329 million from $260 million, driven by the ongoing expansion of disney+.
operating loss from direct-to-consumer operating loss from direct-to-consumer decreased $1,234 million, to $1,679 million from $2,913 million due to improved results at hulu and, to a lesser extent, espn+, partially offset by a higher loss at disney+.
content sales/licensing and other operating results for content sales/licensing and other are as follows:
(in millions)                                               2021   2020                              % change better (worse)
operating expenses                                   (4,536)                  (6,871)                    34 %
equity in the income (loss) of investees                  14                     (34)                      nm operating income                                        $567                   $1,153                  (51) %
table of contents covid-19
our content sales/licensing businesses have been impacted by covid-19 in a number of ways. we have delayed, or in some cases, shortened or cancelled, theatrical releases, and stage play performances were suspended as of march 2020. stage play operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. theaters have been subject to capacity limitations and shifting government mandates or guidance regarding covid-19. we experienced significant disruptions in the production and availability of content, including the suspension of most film and television production in march 2020. although film and television production generally resumed beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, we continue to see disruption of production activities depending on local circumstances. fewer theatrical releases and production delays have limited the availability of film content to be sold in distribution windows subsequent to the theatrical release.
revenues the decrease in tv/svod distribution revenue reflected both lower episodic and film content sales. the decrease in episodic content sales was primarily due to lower sales of homeland, how to get away with murder, modern family, grey's anatomy and this is us in the current year and the comparison to prior-year sales of ratched, the politician, tales from the loop and the wilds. lower film content sales reflected less content available due to the impact of covid-19 and the shift from licensing our content to third parties to distributing it on our dtc streaming services.
the decrease in theatrical distribution revenue was due to the prior-year performance of frozen ii and star wars: the rise of skywalker, which were both released prior to covid-19's impact on our business. other significant titles released in the prior year included maleficent: mistress of evil and ford v ferrari, whereas the current year included shang-chi and the legend of the ten rings, black widow and free guy.
the decrease in home entertainment revenue was due to decreases of 36% from lower unit sales and 5% from lower average net effective pricing. new release titles in the current year included mulan, raya and the last dragon and black widow, whereas the prior year included frozen ii, star wars: the rise of skywalker, the lion king, toy story 4, maleficent: mistress of evil, onward, ford v ferrari, aladdin and avengers: endgame. the decrease in average net effective pricing was due to a lower mix of new release titles, which have a higher sales price than catalog titles.
the decrease in other revenue was due to lower revenue from stage plays reflecting the impact of covid-19, partially offset by an increase in revenue from lucasfilm's special effects business driven by more projects.
costs and expenses operating expenses are as follows:
(in millions)                                   2021           2020                              % change better (worse)
distribution costs and cost of goods sold       (925)                   (1,142)                      19 %
the decrease in programming and production costs was due to lower production cost amortization driven by a decline in revenues and lower film and television cost impairments.
the decrease in distribution costs and cost of goods sold was primarily due to lower home entertainment volumes, a decrease in costs for stage plays as a result of a limited number of performances in the current year and lower theatrical distribution costs due to fewer theatrical releases, partially offset by more projects at lucasfilm's special effects business.
selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $665 million, to $1,963 million from $2,628 million, primarily due to lower theatrical and home entertainment marketing costs and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in bad debt expense.
equity in the income (loss) of investees income from equity investments increased $48 million, to income of $14 million from a loss of $34 million, primarily due to higher income from tata sky limited and the absence of an investment impairment recognized in the prior year.
operating income from content sales/licensing and other operating income from content sales/licensing and other decreased $586 million, to $567 million from $1,153 million, primarily due to lower theatrical distribution and home entertainment results, partially offset by lower film and television cost impairments.
table of contents items excluded from segment operating income related to disney media and entertainment distribution the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the dmed segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(in millions)                                              2021   2020                      % change better (worse)
restructuring and impairment charges(2)               (315)                (5,394)          94 %
(1)in the current year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $646 million and amortization of intangible assets was $1,749 million. in the prior year, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $899 million and amortization of intangible assets was $1,913 million.
(2)the current year includes impairments and severance costs related to the closure of an animation studio and severance costs and contract termination charges in connection with the integration of tfcf. the prior year includes goodwill and intangible asset impairments and severance and contract termination charges in connection with the acquisition and integration of tfcf.
disney parks, experiences and products operating results for the dpep segment are as follows:
(in millions)                                                             2021   2020                                % change better (worse)
parks &amp; experiences merchandise, food and beverage               3,299                      3,441                   (4) %
operating expenses                                                (10,799)                   (11,485)                     6 %
equity in the loss of investees                                       (19)                       (19)                     - %
operating income                                                      $471                       $455                     4 %
revenues at the dpep segment were adversely impacted by covid-19 as a result of the closure/generally reduced operating capacity across our theme parks and resorts. the following table summarizes the approximate number of weeks of operations in the current and prior year:
weeks of operation
revenues the decrease in theme park admissions revenue was due to a decrease of 14% from lower attendance, partially offset by an increase of 8% from higher average ticket prices.
table of contents parks & experiences merchandise, food and beverage revenue was lower compared to the prior year due to a decrease of 9% from lower volumes, partially offset by an increase of 3% from higher average guest spending.
the decrease in resorts and vacations revenue was due to decreases of 17% from fewer passenger cruise days and 3% from lower occupied room nights.
merchandise licensing and retail revenue growth was due to an increase of 9% from merchandise licensing driven by higher revenues from merchandise based on mickey and minnie, spider-man, star wars, including the mandalorian, and disney princesses, partially offset by a decrease in revenues from merchandise based on frozen.
the increase in parks licensing and other revenue was primarily due to an increase in sponsorship revenue, partially offset by a decrease in royalties from tokyo disney resort as a result of the resort operating at reduced capacities.
(1)per capita guest spending growth rate is stated on a constant currency basis. per room guest spending is stated at the average foreign exchange rate for the same period in the prior year.
(2)attendance is used to analyze volume trends at our theme parks and is based on the number of unique daily entries, i.e. a person visiting multiple theme parks in a single day is counted only once. our attendance count includes complimentary entries but excludes entries by children under the age of three.
(3)per capita guest spending is used to analyze guest spending trends and is defined as total revenue from ticket sales and sales of food, beverage and merchandise in our theme parks, divided by total theme park attendance.
(4)occupancy is used to analyze the usage of available capacity at hotels and is defined as the number of room nights occupied by guests as a percentage of available hotel room nights.
(5)available hotel room nights are defined as the total number of room nights that are available at our hotels and at dvc properties located at our theme parks and resorts that are not utilized by dvc members. available hotel room nights include rooms temporarily taken out of service.
(6)per room guest spending is used to analyze guest spending at our hotels and is defined as total revenue from room rentals and sales of food, beverage and merchandise at our hotels, divided by total occupied hotel room nights.
costs and expenses operating expenses are as follows:
(in millions)                                              2021   2020                                % change better (worse)
operating labor                                    $(4,711)                   $(4,870)                     3 %
cost of goods sold and distribution costs           (2,086)                    (2,202)                     5 %
other operating expense                             (1,694)                    (1,991)                    15 %
the decrease in operating labor was due to lower volumes and decreased furlough costs (net of government credits), partially offset by inflation and an increase in incentive compensation costs. the decrease in infrastructure costs was primarily due to the prior year write-down of assets at our retail stores and reduced volumes. lower cost of goods sold were due to lower table of contents volumes. the decrease in other operating expenses was due to lower volumes and the comparison to prior-year charges for capital project abandonments.
selling, general, administrative and other costs increased $244 million from $2,642 million to $2,886 million due to higher incentive compensation costs and increased marketing spend.
segment operating income segment operating income increased $16 million, to $471 million due to an increase at our consumer products business, largely offset by a decrease at our domestic parks and experiences.
the following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the parks, experiences and products segment:
(in millions)                                           2021   2020                              % change better (worse)
supplemental revenue detail parks &amp; experiences domestic                                          $9,353                  $10,226                   (9) %
supplemental operating income detail parks &amp; experiences domestic                                        $(1,139)                   $(623)                  (83) %
items excluded from segment operating income related to parks, experiences and products the following table presents supplemental information for items related to the dpep segment that are excluded from segment operating income:
(in millions)                                            2021   2020                    % change better (worse)
restructuring and impairment charges(1)            $(327)                   $(265)      (23) %
amortization of tfcf intangible assets                (8)                      (8)      - %
(1)the current year includes asset impairments and severance costs related to the closure of a substantial number of our disney-branded retail stores in north america and europe and severance costs related to other workforce reductions. the prior year includes severance costs related to workforce reductions.
(in millions)                                   2021                    2020                    % change better (worse)
restructuring activities see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's restructuring activities in connection with the acquisition and integration of tfcf and at the dpep segment.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources the change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is as follows:
impact of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                          30                      38
change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                      $(1,951)                 $12,499
operating activities continuing operations cash provided by operating activities of $5.6 billion for fiscal 2021 decreased 27% or $2.0 billion compared to $7.6 billion in fiscal 2020 due to lower operating cash flow at dmed and higher income tax and interest payments, partially offset by higher operating cash flow at dpep and lower payments for severance. the decrease at dmed was due to higher spending on film and television productions. the increase at dpep was due to lower operating cash disbursements due to the pay-down of liabilities in the prior year as a result of closures/reduced capacities and lower volumes in the current year.
disney parks, experiences and products domestic                                                           1,551                   1,634
total disney parks, experiences and products                       2,269                   2,328
amortization of intangible assets is as follows:
disney parks, experiences and products tfcf and hulu                                                      1,757                   1,921
total amortization of intangible assets                           $2,043                  $2,205
produced and licensed content costs the dmed segment incurs costs to produce and license film, episodic television and other content. production costs include spend on content internally produced at our studios such as live-action and animated films, episodic series, specials, shorts and theatrical stage plays. production costs also include original content commissioned from third party studios. programming costs include content rights licensed from third parties for use on the company's linear networks and dtc streaming services. programming assets are generally recorded when the programming becomes available to us with a corresponding increase in programming liabilities.
table of contents the company's production and programming activity for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
change in production and programming costs                        4,301                     (397)
the company currently expects its fiscal 2022 spend on produced and licensed content, including sports rights, to be as much as approximately $33 billion, or approximately $8 billion more than fiscal 2021 spend of $25 billion. the increase is driven by higher spend to support our dtc expansion and generally assumes no significant disruptions to production due to covid-19. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's contractual commitments to acquire sports and broadcast programming.
commitments and guarantees the company has various commitments and guarantees, such as long-term leases, purchase commitments and other executory contracts, that are disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. see notes 15 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these commitments.
legal and tax matters as disclosed in notes 10 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has exposure for certain tax and legal matters.
investing activities continuing operations investing activities consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and divestiture activity. the company's investments in parks, resorts and other property for fiscal 2021 and 2020 are as follows:
disney parks, experiences and products domestic                                                        1,597                   2,145
total disney parks, experiences and products                    2,272                   2,904
capital expenditures at the dmed segment primarily reflect investments in technology and in facilities and equipment for expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities and television station facilities.
table of contents capital expenditures at the dpep segment are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure. the decrease in capital expenditures at our domestic parks and resorts in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was driven by the temporary suspension of certain capital projects since the onset of covid-19 although spending increased in the latter part of fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020.
capital expenditures at corporate primarily reflect investments in facilities, information technology infrastructure and equipment. the increase in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was due to higher spending on facilities.
the company currently expects its fiscal 2022 capital expenditures will be approximately $6.1 billion compared to fiscal 2021 capital expenditures of $3.6 billion. the increase in capital expenditures is due to higher spending on cruise ship fleet expansion, corporate facilities and production facilities and technology at the dmed segment.
other investing activities cash provided by other investing activities of $407 million in fiscal 2021 and $172 million in fiscal 2020 reflects proceeds from the sales of investments.
financing activities continuing operations cash used in financing activities was $4.4 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $8.5 billion in fiscal 2020. cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2021 was due to a reduction in borrowings and the purchase of a redeemable non-controlling interest, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of stock options. the decrease in cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 reflected a reduction in net borrowings of $3.7 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to proceeds from net borrowings of $11.2 billion in fiscal 2020. additionally, we paid a cash dividend of $1.6 billion in fiscal 2020 compared to no dividend in fiscal 2021.
(1)borrowings and reductions of borrowings are reported net.
(2)the other activity is primarily due to the amortization of purchase price adjustments on debt assumed in the tfcf acquisition and debt issuance fees.
(3)the other activity is due to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's bank facilities and debt maturities. the company may use operating cash flows, commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities maturing in march 2022, march 2023 and march 2025, and incremental term debt issuances, to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the company's put/call agreement with nbcu.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding commitments to fund hong kong disneyland resort and shanghai disney resort.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the company's dividends in fiscal 2020 and 2019. the company did not declare or pay a dividend in fiscal 2021. the company did not repurchase any of its shares in fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019.
the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control, including covid-19, which has had an adverse impact on the company's operating cash flows. we have taken a number of measures to mitigate the impact on the company's financial position. see significant developments for the impact covid-19 has had on our operations and mitigating measures we have taken.
table of contents we believe that the company's financial condition remains strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects, although certain of these activities have been scaled back or suspended in light of covid-19. depending on the unknowable duration and severity of the future impacts of covid-19 and its variants, the company may take additional mitigating actions in the future such as continuing to not declare dividends (the company did not pay a dividend with respect to fiscal 2020 operations and has not declared or paid a dividend with respect to fiscal 2021 operations); reducing, or not making certain payments, such as some contributions to our pension and postretirement medical plans; raising additional financing; further suspending capital spending; reducing film and television content investments; or implementing additional furloughs or reductions in force. the impacts on our operating cash flows are subject to uncertainty and may require us to rely more heavily on external funding sources, such as debt and other types of financing.
the company's borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the company's performance as measured by certain credit metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. as of october 2, 2021, moody's investors service's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a2 and p-1 (stable), respectively, standard and poor's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were bbb+ and a-2 (stable), respectively, and fitch's long- and short-term debt ratings for the company were a- and f2 (stable), respectively. the company's bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest coverage, which the company met on october 2, 2021, by a significant margin. the company's bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities, including the asia theme parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
supplemental guarantor financial information on march 20, 2019, as part of the acquisition of tfcf, the walt disney company ("twdc") became the ultimate parent of twdc enterprises 18 corp. (formerly known as the walt disney company) ("legacy disney"). legacy disney and twdc are collectively referred to as "obligor group", and individually, as a "guarantor". concurrent with the close of the tfcf acquisition, $16.8 billion of tfcf's assumed public debt (which then constituted 96% of such debt) was exchanged for senior notes of twdc (the "exchange notes") issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), pursuant to an indenture, dated as of march 20, 2019, between twdc, legacy disney, as guarantor, and citibank, n.a., as trustee (the "twdc indenture") and guaranteed by legacy disney. on november 26, 2019, $14.0 billion of the outstanding exchange notes were exchanged for new senior notes of twdc registered under the securities act, issued pursuant to the twdc indenture and guaranteed by legacy disney. in addition, contemporaneously with the closing of the march 20, 2019 exchange offer, twdc entered into a guarantee of the registered debt securities issued by legacy disney under the indenture dated as of september 24, 2001 between legacy disney and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee (the "2001 trustee") (as amended by the first supplemental indenture among legacy disney, as issuer, twdc, as guarantor, and the 2001 trustee, as trustee).
other subsidiaries of the company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either twdc or legacy disney (such subsidiaries are referred to as the "non-guarantors"). the par value and carrying value of total outstanding and guaranteed registered debt securities of the obligor group at october 2, 2021 was as follows:
the guarantees by twdc and legacy disney are full and unconditional and cover all payment obligations arising under the guaranteed registered debt securities. the guarantees may be released and discharged upon (i) as a general matter, the indebtedness for borrowed money of the consolidated subsidiaries of twdc in aggregate constituting no more than 10% of all consolidated indebtedness for borrowed money of twdc and its subsidiaries (subject to certain exclusions), (ii) upon the sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the equity interests or all or substantially all, or substantially as an entirety, the assets of legacy disney to a third party, and (iii) other customary events constituting a discharge of a guarantor's obligations. in addition, in the case of legacy disney's guarantee of registered debt securities issued by twdc, legacy disney may be released and discharged from its guarantee at any time legacy disney is not a borrower, issuer or guarantor under certain material bank facilities or any debt securities.
operations are conducted almost entirely through the company's subsidiaries. accordingly, the obligor group's cash flow and ability to service its debt, including the public debt, are dependent upon the earnings of the company's subsidiaries and the distribution of those earnings to the obligor group, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. holders of the guaranteed registered debt securities have a direct claim only against the obligor group.
table of contents set forth below are summarized financial information for the obligor group on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances between twdc and legacy disney and (ii) equity in the earnings from and investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor. this summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to the securities and exchange commission regulation s-x rule 13-01, "financial disclosures about guarantors and issuers of guaranteed securities" and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the obligor group in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations (in millions)                                  2021
critical accounting policies and estimates we believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. for a summary of our significant accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
produced and acquired/licensed content costs we amortize and test for impairment capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually or as a group. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
production costs that are classified as individual are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period's revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (ultimate revenues).
with respect to produced films intended for theatrical release, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenues is theatrical performance. revenues derived from other markets subsequent to the theatrical release are generally highly correlated with theatrical performance. theatrical performance varies primarily based upon the public interest and demand for a particular film, the popularity of competing films at the time of release and the level of marketing effort. upon a film's release and determination of the theatrical performance, the company's estimates of revenues from succeeding windows and markets, which may include imputed license fees for content that is used on our dtc streaming services, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to capitalized television production costs that are classified as individual, the most sensitive factors affecting estimates of ultimate revenues are program ratings of the content on our licensees' platforms. program ratings, which are an indication of market acceptance, directly affect the program's ability to generate advertising and subscriber revenues and are correlated with the license fees we can charge for the content in subsequent windows and for subsequent seasons.
ultimate revenues are reassessed each reporting period and the impact of any changes on amortization of production cost is accounted for as if the change occurred at the beginning of the current fiscal year. if our estimate of ultimate revenues decreases, amortization of costs may be accelerated or result in an impairment. conversely, if our estimate of ultimate revenues increases, cost amortization may be slowed.
produced content costs that are part of a group and acquired/licensed content costs are amortized based on projected usage typically resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. the determination of projected usage requires judgement and is reviewed periodically for changes. if projected usage changes we may need to accelerate or slow the recognition of amortization expense.
the amortization of multi-year sports rights is based on our projections of revenues over the contract period, which include advertising revenue and an allocation of affiliate revenue (relative value). if the annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season's estimated relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season. if estimated relative values by year were to change significantly, amortization of our sports rights costs may be accelerated or slowed.
table of contents revenue recognition the company has revenue recognition policies for its various operating segments that are appropriate to the circumstances of each business. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for our revenue recognition policies.
pension and postretirement medical plan actuarial assumptions the company's pension and postretirement medical benefit obligations and related costs are calculated using a number of actuarial assumptions. two critical assumptions, the discount rate and the expected return on plan assets, are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement, which we evaluate annually. other assumptions include the healthcare cost trend rate and employee demographic factors such as retirement patterns, mortality, turnover and rate of compensation increase.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. a lower discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations and increases pension and postretirement medical expense. the guideline for setting this rate is a high-quality long-term corporate bond rate. we increased our discount rate to 2.88% at the end of fiscal 2021 from 2.82% at the end of fiscal 2020 to reflect market interest rate conditions at our fiscal 2021 year-end measurement date. the company's discount rate was determined by considering yield curves constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of the plans' liability cash flows to the yield curves. a one percentage point decrease in the assumed discount rate would increase total benefit expense for fiscal 2022 by approximately $341 million and would increase the projected benefit obligation at october 2, 2021 by approximately $4.0 billion. a one percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would decrease total benefit expense and the projected benefit obligation by approximately $292 million and $3.4 billion, respectively.
to determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. our expected return on plan assets is 7.00%. a lower expected rate of return on plan assets will increase pension and postretirement medical expense. a one percentage point change in the long-term asset return assumption would impact fiscal 2022 annual expense by approximately $175 million.
goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments the company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. the company performs its annual test of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in its fiscal fourth quarter.
goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. to test goodwill for impairment, the company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. if it is, a quantitative assessment is required. alternatively, the company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
the qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions, and changes in projected future cash flows of the reporting unit.
the quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
in fiscal 2021, the company bypassed the qualitative test and performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for impairment.
the impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units including goodwill, and the determination of fair value of the reporting units. to determine the fair value of our reporting units, we apply what we believe to be the most appropriate valuation methodology for each of our reporting units. we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated by market multiples when available and as appropriate. the discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our estimates of future revenue growth and margins for these businesses as well as the discount rates used to calculate the present value of future cash flows. in times of adverse economic conditions in the global economy, the company's long-term cash flow projections are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty than usual. we believe our estimates are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our reporting units. if we had established different reporting units or utilized different valuation methodologies or assumptions, the impairment test results could differ, and we could be required to record impairment charges.
to test its other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair value. if it is, a quantitative assessment is required. alternatively, the company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
table of contents the qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions, and changes in projected future cash flows.
the quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as appropriate.
the company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. once a triggering event has occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the company's intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to hold the asset for sale. the impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of the significant assets of an asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. an asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses. if the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. for assets held for sale, to the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset's fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference. determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a triggering event has occurred, the identification of asset groups, estimates of future cash flows and the discount rate used to determine fair values.
the company has investments in equity securities. for equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value, we consider forecasted financial performance of the investee companies, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets for these investments. if these forecasts are not met, impairment charges may be recorded.
the company recorded non-cash impairment charges of $0.3 billion and $5.2 billion in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the fiscal 2021 charges primarily related to the closure of an animation studio and a substantial number of our disney-branded retail stores in north america and europe.
the fiscal 2020 impairment charges primarily related to impairments of mvpd agreement intangible assets ($1.9 billion) and goodwill ($3.1 billion) at the international channels' business. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these impairment charges.
allowance for credit losses we evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business, current market conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. in times of economic turmoil, including covid-19, our estimates and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. if our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, costs and expenses may decrease in future periods. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
contingencies and litigation we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. these estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and have been developed in consultation with outside counsel as appropriate. from time to time, we are also involved in other contingent matters for which we accrue estimates for a probable and estimable loss. it is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal proceedings or our assumptions regarding other contingent matters. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for more detailed information on litigation exposure.
income tax as a matter of course, the company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate, and are based upon the technical merits of our tax positions in consideration of applicable tax statutes and related interpretations and precedents and upon the expected outcome of proceedings (or negotiations) with taxing and legal authorities. the tax benefits ultimately realized by the company may differ from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors, including the company's decision to table of contents settle rather than litigate a matter, relevant legal precedent related to similar matters and the company's success in supporting its filing positions with taxing authorities.
impacts of covid-19 on accounting policies and estimates in light of the currently unknown ultimate duration and severity of covid-19, we face a greater degree of uncertainty than normal in making the judgments and estimates needed to apply our significant accounting policies and make changes to these estimates and judgements over time. this could result in meaningful impacts to our financial statements in future periods. a more detailed discussion of the impact of covid-19 on the accounting policies and estimates follows.
produced and acquired/licensed content costs certain of our completed or in progress film and television productions have had their initial release dates delayed. the duration of the delay, market conditions when we release the content, or a change in our release strategy (e.g. bypassing certain distribution windows) could have an impact on ultimate revenues, which may accelerate amortization or result in an impairment of capitalized film and television production costs.
given the ongoing uncertainty around live sporting events continuing uninterrupted, the amount and timing of revenues derived from the broadcast of these events may differ from the projections of revenues that support our amortization pattern of the rights costs we pay for these events. such changes in revenues could result in an acceleration or slowing of the amortization of our sports rights costs.
revenue recognition certain of our affiliate contracts contain commitments with respect to the content to be aired on our television networks (e.g. live sports or original content). if there are delays or cancellations of live sporting events or disruptions to film and television content production activities, we may need to assess the impact on our contractual obligations and adjust the revenue that we recognize related to these contracts.
goodwill, other intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments given the ongoing impacts of covid-19 across our businesses, the projected cash flows that we use to assess the fair value of our businesses and assets for purposes of impairment testing are subject to greater uncertainty than normal. if in the future we reduce our estimate of cash flow projections, we may need to impair some of these assets.
prior to the company's reorganization in october 2020, the former direct-to-consumer & international segment included an international channels reporting unit, which was comprised of the company's international television networks. our international television networks primarily derive revenues from affiliate fees charged to mvpds for the right to deliver our programming under multi-year licensing agreements and the sales of advertising time/space on the networks.
in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we assessed the international channels' long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment and recorded impairments of $1.9 billion primarily related to mvpd agreement intangible assets and $3.1 billion related to goodwill.
as of october 2, 2021, the remaining balance of our international mvpd agreement intangible assets was $2.2 billion, primarily related to our channel businesses in latin america and india.
see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the impairment tests performed in the third quarter of fiscal 2020.
risk management contracts the company employs a variety of financial instruments (derivatives) including interest rate and cross-currency swap agreements and forward and option contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.
as a result of the impact of covid-19 on our businesses, our projected cash flows or projected usage of commodities are subject to a greater degree of uncertainty, which may cause us to recognize gains or losses on our hedging instruments in different periods than the hedged transaction.
new accounting pronouncements see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" made by or on behalf of the company. we may from time to time make written or oral statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this report and other filings with the securities and exchange commission and in reports to our table of contents shareholders. such statements may, for example, express expectations, projections, estimates, plans or future impacts; actions that we may take (or not take); developments beyond our control, including changes in domestic or global economic conditions; or other statements that are not historical in nature. all forward-looking statements are made on the basis of management's views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance as of the time the statements are made and the company does not undertake any obligation to update its disclosure relating to forward-looking matters. actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied due to a variety of important factors, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the sec, the most significant factors affecting these expectations, which may be revised or supplemented in subsequent reports we file with the sec, are set forth under item 1a - risk factors of this report on form 10-k as well as in this item 7 - management's discussion and analysis and item 1 - business.