our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development and profitability. as we continue to grow our business, make acquisitions, expand our geographic scope and offer new products and services, we need the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for executive officer and key employee roles in order to meet the growth, development and profitability goals of our business. our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain or develop such officers or key employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. more generally, in the wake of the covid-19 pandemic, expectations from qualified talent in many areas of the labor market have evolved. in light of this, if we are unable to attract and retain employees on terms and conditions that are consistent with our historical operating model, our business could be disrupted or our costs could increase, which may materially and adversely affect our business.
during 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan accelerate 2020 ("the plan"), to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. the goal of the plan is to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidated facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. during 2020, we expanded the plan for additional costs and savings to further leverage the technology and structural improvements. following the establishment of the separate institutional plan, we now expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2022, with total anticipated costs of $255 million ($195 million after tax), or $0.67 per diluted share, over this period of time, when revised for continuing operations. costs are expected to be primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken.