our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 46.2% in 2021 and 45.5% in 2020. the gross profit percentage for 2021 increased by 70 basis points based on higher product margins, primarily for safety products and overhead/organizational leverage related to higher volumes.
during 2021, our gross profit percentage increased when compared to the prior year. this was largely due to three factors. (1) we were able to leverage overhead/organizational expenses, absorbing certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical strength in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. (2) an improvement in product margins, particularly for safety products. in response to the pandemic in 2020, we experienced a substantial surge in demand for covid-related safety supplies, such that these products accounted for approximately 47% of total safety product sales in 2020, up from approximately 25% of total safety product sales in 2019. as these products tended to carry a lower gross margin than non-covid-related products, their substantial expansion in our safety product mix in 2020 caused a decline in the gross profit percentage of our safety product line. in 2021, we experienced higher demand for non-covid-related products as the industrial economy improved and lower demand for covid-related products as the supply chain steadied. this caused our mix of lower margin covid-related products to decline to approximately 31% of total safety product sales, improving our overall safety product margin. (3) our net rebates were favorable. as supply chains normalized and demand improved, we purchased more products through our traditional partners increasing our supplier rebates. at the same time, customer rebates moderated as spending from several key customers that purchased significant covid-related products declined.
during 2020, our gross profit percentage decreased when compared to the prior year. this decrease was primarily caused by three variables. (1) a decline in product margin for safety and other products, which itself reflects several trends. first, in the second quarter of 2020 in order to procure supplies we utilized unfamiliar supply chains and prioritized speed of acquisition over efficiency, resulting in lower margins. second, in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 certain pandemic related products became oversupplied, and profits on our inventory fell (masks) while other products were in such short supply that cost rose (gloves). we mitigated these effects as the year progressed, but did not eliminate them. third, mix within these categories had a negative impact on margin, as in general covid-related products had lower margins and increased in the mix. (2) a change in product mix. fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. our fastener product line declined to 29.9% of sales in 2020 from 34.2% of sales in 2019. (3) overhead and organizational expenses. this includes the negative impact that reduced sales for certain product lines has on vendor rebates, clearance efforts to remove older and slower moving inventory, and the deleverage of certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. these three adverse variables were partly offset by a better cost profile for our captive fleet. we operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. we believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly, but there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets. during periods of economic weakness, it can become more difficult to charge freight to offset these costs and/or the relatively stable cost profile of these assets could result in deleverage. we successfully mitigated these challenges in 2020 by reducing movement and labor costs.