item 1a - risk factors our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. below, we describe significant factors, events and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky, categorized solely for ease of reference as strategic, operational, legal and compliance, and financial risks. the following events and consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, credit rating and reputation, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. these risks are not the only ones we face. we could also be affected by other events, factors or uncertainties that are presently unknown to us or that we do not currently consider to present significant risks to our business. these risks may be amplified by the covid-19 pandemic, which has caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. the manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant economic instability and uncertainty and the extent to which it will impact our business, results of operations and financial condition is uncertain and difficult to predict.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused economic instability and uncertainty globally and, during its initial phase, had a temporary negative impact on our business. the pandemic may, in the future, have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, the severity and duration of which will depend on many factors beyond our control, including the actions of governments, businesses and other enterprises in response to the pandemic, the effectiveness of those actions, and vaccine availability, distribution and adoption. potential and current negative impacts of the pandemic include, but are not limited to, the following:
•the extension of federal and state tax filing deadlines for the 2019 and 2020 tax years changed the seasonality of our business, making our revenue and operating results more difficult to predict. any future regulatory decisions could further increase the difficulty of forecasting our revenue and operating results, which could cause our business to materially suffer.
•there are new and more frequent attempts by malicious third parties seeking to take advantage of the pandemic to fraudulently gain access to our systems, which could cause us to expend significant resources to remediate and could damage our reputation.
•changes to our business operations and the operations of our third-party partners, such as increased use of videoconferencing, the shift to working from home, and the complexity of resuming operations in our offices under a new workplace model, has introduced security and execution risks that could cause us to experience substantial financial losses, lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and harm our revenues and earnings.
•potential disruption of services on which we rely to deliver our services to our customers, including our third-party customer success partners and financial institutions, could prevent us or our service providers from delivering critical services to our customers or accepting and fulfilling customer orders, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation.
•increased, divergent and changing governmental regulations, such as those relating to the re-opening of work facilities, schools, public buildings and businesses, could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance and support our products and services, which may cause our results of operations and financial condition to suffer.
•failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of our mergers and acquisitions activities for reasons related to the pandemic may cause us to experience losses that result in significant harm to our operating results or financial condition.
•there could be increased volatility in our stock price related to the pandemic, which could result in the loss of some or all of the value of an investment in intuit.
these and other potential negative impacts relating to the covid-19 pandemic are described further in the risk factors that follow.
strategic risks strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans and growth strategy, including the risks associated with the following: competitive pressures on our product offerings and business models; our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends; our reliance on third-party intellectual property and our ability to protect our own intellectual property rights; the value of our brand; and mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activity that may have unanticipated costs and expenses.
we face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results.
tables of contents introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, have greater technical, marketing and other resources, have greater name recognition, have larger installed bases of customers, have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to market with new products and services. in addition, we face competition from existing companies, with large established consumer user-bases and broad-based platforms, who may change or expand the focus of their business strategies and marketing to target our customers, including small businesses, tax and personal financial management customers.
we also face competition from companies with a variety of business models, including increased competition from providers of free offerings, particularly in our tax, accounting, payments and personal finance platform businesses. in order to compete, we have also introduced free offerings in several categories, but we may not be able to attract customers as effectively as competitors with different business models. in addition, other providers of free offerings may provide features that we do not offer and customers who have formerly paid for intuit's products and services may elect to use our competitors' free offerings instead. these competitive factors may diminish our revenue and profitability, and harm our ability to acquire and retain customers.
our consumer tax business also faces significant potential competition from the public sector, where we face the risk of federal and state taxing authorities proposing revenue raising strategies that involve developing and providing government tax software or other government return preparation systems at public expense. these or similar programs may be introduced or expanded in the future, which may change the voluntary compliance tax system in ways that could cause us to lose customers and revenue. the irs free file program is currently the sole means by which the irs offers tax software directly to taxpayers and, in december 2019, the agreement governing the program was amended to eliminate the pledge by the irs that it would not offer a duplicative or competing service. under this program, the irs has worked with private industry to provide more than 60 million free returns since 2003, utilizing donated private sector tax software and e-filing services, including software that we donated to the free file program, for low and middle income taxpayers at no cost to the government or individual users. however, we will no longer be participating in the irs free file program, and its continuation depends on a number of factors, including continued broad public awareness of and access to the free program and continued private industry donations, as well as continued government support. the current agreement is scheduled to expire in october 2022. our departure from the free file program may increase the likelihood that such program is terminated or is not extended beyond october 2022. if the free file program were to be terminated or the irs were to enter the software development and return preparation space, the federal government could become a publicly funded direct competitor of the u.s. tax services industry and of intuit. government funded services that curtail or eliminate the role of taxpayers in preparing their own taxes could potentially have material and adverse revenue implications.
future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services and business models.
we operate in industries that are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and frequent new product introductions. we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet the changing needs of our customers and partners and attract and retain talented software developers. we need to continue to develop our skills, tools and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which requires us to devote significant resources.
our consumer and professional tax businesses depend significantly on revenue from customers who return each year to use our updated tax preparation and filing software and services. as our existing products mature, encouraging customers to purchase product upgrades becomes more challenging unless new product releases provide features and functionality that have meaningful incremental value. we also provide additional customer benefits by utilizing customer data available to us through our existing offerings. if we are not able to develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers, or effectively utilize our customers' data to provide them with value, our revenues may be harmed. in addition, as we continue to introduce and expand our new business models, including offerings that are free to end users, our customers may not perceive value in the additional benefits and services we offer beyond our free offering and may choose not to pay for those additional benefits or we may be unsuccessful in increasing customer adoption of these offerings or our risk profile may change, resulting in loss of revenue.
we have devoted significant resources to develop products and services for users of mobile devices, but the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. even if we are able to attract new users through these mobile offerings, the amount of revenue that we derive per user from mobile offerings may be less than the revenue that we have historically derived from users of personal computers. as new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our products and services for use on mobile devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such offerings. if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are compatible with mobile devices, or if our competitors are able to achieve those results more quickly than us, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. further, legislation or regulatory changes may mandate changes in our products that make them less attractive to users.
tables of contents be harmed. we have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies and initiatives. such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives and inadequate return on investments. because these new initiatives are inherently risky, they may not be successful and may harm our financial condition and operating results.
we rely on third-party intellectual property in our products and services.
many of our products and services include intellectual property of third parties, which we license under agreements that may need to be renewed or renegotiated from time to time. we may not be able to obtain licenses to these third-party technologies or content on reasonable terms, or at all. if we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use this intellectual property in our products and services, we may not be able to sell the affected offerings, and customers who are currently using the affected product may be disrupted, which may in turn harm our future financial results, damage our brand, and result in customer loss. also, we and our customers have been and may continue to be subject to infringement claims as a result of the third-party intellectual property incorporated in our offerings. although we try to mitigate this risk and we may not be ultimately liable for any potential infringement, pending claims require us to use significant resources, require management attention and could result in loss of customers.
some of our offerings include third-party software that is licensed under so-called "open source" licenses, some of which may include a requirement that, under certain circumstances, we make available, or grant licenses to, any modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software. although we have established internal review and approval processes to mitigate these risks, we cannot be sure that all open source software is submitted for approval prior to use in our products. many of the risks associated with usage of open source may not be eliminated, and may, if not properly addressed, harm our business.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand.
our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, domain names and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. we aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the u.s. and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. we also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights in products and services. the efforts that we take to protect our proprietary rights may not always be sufficient or effective. protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming and may not be successful in every location. any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business, our brand and our ability to compete.
policing unauthorized use and copying of our products is difficult, expensive, and time consuming. current u.s. laws that prohibit copying give us only limited practical protection from software piracy and the laws of many other countries provide very little protection. we frequently encounter unauthorized copies of our software being sold through online marketplaces. although we continue to evaluate and put in place technology solutions to attempt to lessen the impact of piracy and engage in efforts to educate consumers and public policy leaders on these issues and cooperate with industry groups in their efforts to combat piracy, we expect piracy to be a persistent problem that results in lost revenues and increased expenses.
our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands.
developing and maintaining awareness of our brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future products and services and is an important element in attracting new customers. adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to events or activities attributed to us, members of our workforce, agents, third parties we rely on, or our users, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brands. our brand value also depends on our ability to provide secure and trustworthy products and services as well as our ability to protect and use our customers' data in a manner that meets their expectations. in addition, a security incident that results in unauthorized disclosure of our customers' sensitive data could cause material reputational harm. damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and services and thus have an adverse effect on our future financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of the brands and could also reduce our stock price.
our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business, may involve increased expenses and may present risks not contemplated at the time of the transactions.
we have acquired and may continue to acquire companies, products, technologies and talent that complement our strategic direction, both in and outside the united states. acquisitions, such as our acquisition of credit karma, involve significant risks and uncertainties, including:
•inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology, data assets and operations into our business and maintain uniform standards, controls, policies, and procedures;
•disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
tables of contents
•challenges retaining the key employees, customers, resellers and other business partners of the acquired operation;
•the internal control environment of an acquired entity may not be consistent with our standards or with regulatory requirements, and may require significant time and resources to align or rectify;
•unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process, including product or service quality issues, intellectual property issues and legal contingencies;
•failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets;
•risks associated with businesses we acquire or invest in, which may differ from or be more significant than the risks our other businesses face;
•in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and
we have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses that no longer fit with our strategic direction or growth targets. divestitures involve significant risks and uncertainties, including:
•the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims arising out of such divestiture;
•inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business;
•disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•loss of key employees who leave us as a result of a divestiture; and
•if customers or partners of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, our other businesses may be adversely affected, to the extent that these customers or partners also purchase other products offered by us or otherwise conduct business with our retained business.
in addition, any acquisition or divestiture that we announce may not be completed if closing conditions are not satisfied. because acquisitions and divestitures are inherently risky, our transactions may not be successful and may, in some cases, harm our operating results or financial condition. in particular, if we are unable to successfully operate together with credit karma to achieve shared growth opportunities or combine reporting or other processes within the expected time frame, such delay may materially and adversely affect the benefits that we expect to achieve as a result of the credit karma acquisition and could result in additional costs or loss of revenue. moreover, the impact of covid-19, adverse changes in market conditions and other factors, such as the failure to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the credit karma acquisition, may cause the acquisition to be dilutive to intuit's operating earnings per share beyond the first fiscal year after close. any dilution of our non-gaap diluted earnings per share could cause the price of shares of intuit common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
operational risks operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes and people. risks that affect the operation of our businesses include the following: potential security incidents; privacy and cybersecurity concerns relating to online offerings; fraudulent activities by third parties; relationships with third parties; competition for and retention of key talent; issues with our product launches; problems with our information technology infrastructure; and risks associated with operating internationally.
security incidents, improper access to or disclosure of our data or customers' data, or other cyberattacks on our systems could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.
tables of contents controls to limit access to and use of such sensitive data. although we expend significant resources to create security protections designed to shield this data against potential theft and security breaches, such measures cannot provide absolute security.
our technologies, systems, and networks have been subject to, and are increasingly likely to continue to be the target of, cyberattacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, worms, social engineering, malicious software programs, insider threats, and other cybersecurity incidents that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, use, loss or destruction of sensitive and personal data of our customers and members of our workforce, or intuit's sensitive business data or cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems. while we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities described herein. these types of incidents can be made by individuals, groups of hackers, and sophisticated organizations including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states themselves. customers who fail to update their systems, continue to run software that we no longer support, fail to install security patches on a timely basis or inadequately use security controls create vulnerabilities and make it more difficult for us to detect and prevent these kinds of attacks. we are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products and there may be vulnerabilities in open source software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. in addition, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to sensitive information change frequently, and are becoming more sophisticated and are often not able to be detected until after a successful attack, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. although this is an industry-wide problem that affects software and hardware across platforms, it may increasingly affect our offerings because cyber-criminals tend to focus their efforts on well-known offerings that are popular among customers and hold sensitive information and we expect them to continue to do so.
further, the security measures that we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers' account data. while we provide resources like mandatory annual security training for our workforce, third parties may still be able to fraudulently induce members of our workforce, customers or users by social engineering means, such as email phishing, to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our systems. it is also possible that unauthorized access to or disclosure of customer data may occur due to inadequate use of security controls by our customers or members of our workforce. accounts created with weak or recycled passwords could allow cyberattackers to gain access to customer data. unauthorized persons could gain access to customer accounts if customers do not maintain effective access controls of their systems and software. in addition, we are experiencing new and more frequent attempts by third parties to use the covid-19 pandemic to fraudulently gain access to our systems, such as through increased email phishing of our workforce.
criminals may also use stolen identity information obtained outside of our systems to gain unauthorized access to our customers' data. we have experienced such instances in the past and as the accessibility of stolen identity information increases, generally, we may experience further instances of unauthorized access to our systems through the use of stolen identity information of our customers or members of our workforce in the future. further, our customers may choose to use the same login credentials across multiple products and services unrelated to our products. such customers' login credentials may be stolen from products offered by third-party service providers unrelated to us and the stolen identity information may be used by a malicious third party to access our products, which could result in disclosure of confidential information. in addition, in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we shifted nearly all our workforce from office locations to work from home environments. we expect to resume operations in our offices under a hybrid model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home. this model increases our exposure to security-related risks due to operational changes, such as the increased use of videoconferencing.
our efforts to protect data may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs (whether open source or proprietary code), break-ins, workforce member error or other threats that evolve.
further, because we have created an ecosystem where customers can have one identity across multiple intuit products, a security incident may give access to increased amounts of customer data. this may result in disclosure of confidential information, loss of customer confidence in our products, possible litigation, material harm to our reputation and financial condition, disruption of our or our customers' business operations and a decline in our stock price. from time to time, we detect, or receive notices from customers or public or private agencies that they have detected, actual or perceived vulnerabilities in our servers, our software or third-party software components that are distributed with our products or fraudulent activity by unauthorized persons utilizing our products with stolen customer identity information. the existence of such vulnerabilities or fraudulent activity, even if they do not result in a security breach, may undermine customer confidence as well as the confidence of government agencies that regulate our offerings. such perceived vulnerabilities could also seriously harm our business by tarnishing our reputation and brand and/or limiting the adoption of our products and services and could cause our stock price to decline.
additionally, credit karma is subject to an order issued in 2014 by the federal trade commission ("ftc") that, among other things, requires maintenance of a comprehensive security program relating to the development and management of new and existing products and services and biannual independent security assessments for 20 years from the date of the order. to the extent credit karma shares data covered by the order with intuit, the order may apply to intuit with respect to such data. credit karma's failure to fulfill the requirements of the ftc's order could results in fines, penalties, regulatory inquiries, investigations and claims, and negatively impact our business and reputation.
tables of contents a cybersecurity incident affecting the third parties we rely on could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential information and significantly damage our reputation.
we depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers and partners who are critical to our business. we or our customers may grant access to customer data to these third parties to help deliver customer benefits, or to host certain of our and our customers' sensitive and personal data. in addition, we share sensitive, nonpublic business information (including, for example, materials relating to financial, business and legal strategies) with other vendors in the ordinary course of business.
while we conduct background checks of our workforce, conduct reviews of partners, developers and vendors and use commercially available technologies to limit access to systems and data, it is possible that one or more of these individuals or third parties may misrepresent their intended use of data or may circumvent our controls, resulting in accidental or intentional disclosure or misuse of our customer or workforce data. further, while we conduct due diligence on these third parties with respect to their security and business controls, we may not have the ability to effectively monitor or oversee the implementation of these control measures. individuals or third parties may be able to circumvent these security and business controls and/or exploit vulnerabilities that may exist in these controls, resulting in the disclosure or misuse of sensitive business and personal customer or workforce information and data. in addition, malicious actors may attempt to use the information technology supply chain to compromise our systems by, for example, introducing malware through software updates.
a security incident involving third parties whom we rely on may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer or workforce data, or confidential or competitively sensitive information regarding our business, including intellectual property and other proprietary data; make our products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity; cause temporary or sustained unavailability of our software and systems; result in possible litigation, fines, penalties and damages; result in loss of customer confidence; cause material harm to our reputation and brands; lead to further regulation and oversight by federal or state agencies; cause adverse financial condition; and result in a reduced stock price.
concerns about the current privacy and cybersecurity environment, generally, could deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services and damage our reputation.
the continued occurrence of cyberattacks and data breaches on governments, businesses and consumers in general indicates that we operate in an external environment where cyberattacks and data breaches are becoming increasingly common. if the global cybersecurity environment worsens, and there are increased instances of security breaches of third-party offerings where consumers' data and sensitive information is compromised, consumers may be less willing to use online offerings, particularly offerings like ours in which customers often share sensitive financial data. in addition, the increased availability of data obtained as a result of breaches of third-party offerings could make our own products more vulnerable to fraudulent activity. even if our products are not affected directly by such incidents, any such incident could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services or lead customers to cease using online and connected software products to transact financial business altogether.
if we are unable to effectively combat the increasing amount and sophistication of fraudulent activities by third parties using our offerings, we may suffer losses, which may be substantial, and lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and our revenues and earnings may be harmed.
the online tax preparation, payroll administration, online payments, lending and personal financial management industries have been experiencing an increasing amount of fraudulent activities by third parties, and those fraudulent activities are becoming increasingly sophisticated. although we do not believe that any of this activity is uniquely targeted at our products or businesses, this type of fraudulent activity may adversely impact our tax, payroll, payments, lending and personal financial management businesses and is heightened when our workforce is working from home. in addition to any losses that may result from such fraud, which may be substantial, a loss of confidence by our customers or by governmental agencies in our ability to prevent fraudulent activity that is perpetrated through our offerings may seriously harm our business and damage our brand. if we cannot adequately combat such fraudulent activity that is perpetrated through our offerings, governmental authorities may refuse to allow us to continue to offer such services, or these services may otherwise be adversely impacted, which could include federal or state tax authorities refusing to allow us to process our customers' tax returns electronically, resulting in a significant adverse impact on our earnings and revenue. as fraudulent activities become more pervasive and increasingly sophisticated, and fraud detection and prevention measures must become correspondingly more complex to combat them across the various industries in which we operate, we may implement risk control mechanisms that could make it more difficult for legitimate customers to obtain and use our products, which could result in lost revenue and negatively impact our earnings.
if we fail to process transactions effectively or fail to adequately protect against disputed or potential fraudulent activities, our business may be harmed.
tables of contents reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results. in our payments processing service business, if merchants for whom we process payment transactions are unable to pay refunds due to their customers in connection with disputed or fraudulent merchant transactions, we may be required to pay those amounts and our payments may exceed the amount of the customer reserves we have established to make such payments.
business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results.
our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. as we continue to grow our online services, we become more dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communications systems and those of our external service providers, including, for example, third-party internet-based or cloud computing services. we do not have redundancy for all of our systems, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. we have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers, such as amazon web services. if any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results.
failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers, may result in interruptions in our service and loss of data or processing capabilities, all of which may cause a loss in customers, refunds of product fees, material harm to our reputation and operating results.
our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods, which typically occur from january until april of each year. we face significant risks in maintaining adequate service levels during these peak periods when we derive a substantial portion of our overall revenue from the tax businesses. any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service at any time during the tax season, particularly during a peak period, could result in significantly decreased revenue, lost customers, unexpected refunds of customer charges, negative publicity and increased operating costs, any of which could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us or our service providers from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems as well as our high-availability capabilities are costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations.
our business operations, information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malware, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies and other events beyond our control. for example, we modified our business practices in response to the covid-19 pandemic (including employee travel, employee work locations and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences) and we expect to resume operations in our offices under a hybrid model where our workforce will spend a portion of their time working in our offices and a portion of their time working from home. the implementation of this hybrid model will introduce new execution risks and we may experience longer-term disruptions to our operations as we evolve our workplace model. we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers or third-party partners. we cannot predict how long any such measures will be in place and whether we would reimplement or enhance any such measures in one or more locations in order to respond to the effects of the pandemic or the rules, regulations or guidelines of any governmental authority. any such measures may impair our ability to perform critical functions or could make it considerably more difficult to develop, enhance and support our products and services.
in addition, our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults. in the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses and our future financial results may be materially harmed.
we regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems and software platforms disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed.
we rely on our network infrastructure, data hosting, public cloud and software-as-a-service providers, and internal technology systems for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting and financial reporting activities. we are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. if we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. such improvements and upgrades are often complex, costly and time consuming. in addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or may uncover problems with our existing technology systems.
tables of contents unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in outages, disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue or damage to our reputation.
if we are unable to develop, manage and maintain critical third-party business relationships, our business may be adversely affected.
our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. we rely on various third-party partners, including software and service providers, suppliers, credit reporting bureaus, vendors, manufacturers, distributors, accountants, contractors, financial institutions, core processors, licensing partners and development partners, among others, in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. credit karma generates revenue from its relationships with financial institution partners, which are subject to particular risks that affect their willingness to offer their products on credit karma's platform, such as adverse economic conditions and an increasing complexity in the regulatory environment. we also rely on third parties to support the operation of our business by maintaining our physical facilities, equipment, power systems and infrastructure. in certain instances, these third-party relationships are sole source or limited source relationships and can be difficult to replace or substitute depending on the level of integration of the third party's products or services into, or with, our offerings and/or the general availability of such third party's products and services. in addition, there may be few or no alternative third-party providers or vendors in the market. further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately retain third-party contractors engaged to help us operate our business.
additionally, the business operations of our third-party partners have been and could continue to be disrupted by the covid-19 pandemic and the actions taken in response to it, including the pandemic's effects on their third-party partners. if our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. for example, in the early stages of the covid-19 pandemic, credit card companies and lenders initially and temporarily reduced or suspended their activity on credit karma's platform, which impacted credit karma's revenue. the failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high quality products, services and technologies or to update their products, services and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers and damage our reputation. alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner.
although we have strict standards for our suppliers and business partners to comply with the law and company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data use and security, environmental compliance, intellectual property licensing and other applicable regulatory and compliance requirements, we cannot control their day-to-day practices. any violation of laws or implementation of practices regarded as unethical could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation.
in particular, we have relationships with banks, credit unions and other financial institutions that support certain critical services we offer to our customers. if macroeconomic conditions or other factors, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, cause any of these institutions to fail, consolidate, stop providing certain services or institute cost-cutting efforts, our business and financial results may suffer and we may be unable to offer those services to our customers.
we increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties like apple's app store and google's play store for the distribution of certain of our product offerings. although we benefit from the strong brand recognition and large user base of these distribution platforms to attract new customers, the platform owners have wide discretion to change the pricing structure, terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers. any adverse changes by these third parties could adversely affect our financial results.
because competition for our key employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain and develop the highly skilled employees we need to support our planned growth.
much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled personnel, including members of our executive team, and those in technical and other key positions. experienced personnel in the software, mobile technologies, data science, data security, and software as a service industries are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in california and india, where a significant number of our employees are located. also, as we strive to continue to adapt to technological change and introduce new and enhanced products and business models, we must be able to secure, maintain and develop the right quality and quantity of engaged and committed talent. the incentives we have available to attract, retain, and motivate employees provided by our equity awards may become less effective, and if we were to issue significant equity to attract additional employees, the ownership of our existing stockholders would be diluted. although we strive to be an employer of choice, we may not be able to continue to successfully attract, retain and develop key personnel, which may cause our business to suffer. moreover, as social and economic conditions evolve from the covid-19 pandemic, current and prospective employees may seek new or different opportunities based on factors such as compensation, benefits, mobility and flexibility that are different from what we offer, making it difficult to attract and retain them.
tables of contents if we experience significant product accuracy or quality problems or delays in product launches, it may harm our revenue, earnings and reputation.
all of our tax products and many of our non-tax products have rigid development timetables that increase the risk of errors in our products and the risk of launch delays. our tax preparation software product development cycle is particularly challenging due to the need to incorporate unpredictable and potentially late tax law and tax form changes each year and because our customers expect high levels of accuracy and a timely launch of these products to prepare and file their taxes by the tax filing deadline. due to the complexity of our products and the condensed development cycles under which we operate, our products may contain errors that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the software or result in incorrect calculations. the complexity of the tax laws on which our products are based may also make it difficult for us to consistently deliver offerings that contain the features, functionality and level of accuracy that our customers expect. when we encounter problems we may be required to modify our code, work with state tax administrators to communicate with affected customers, assist customers with amendments, distribute patches to customers who have already purchased the product and recall or repackage existing product inventory in our distribution channels. if we encounter development challenges or discover errors in our products either late in our development cycle or after release it may cause us to delay our product launch date or suspend product availability until such issues can be fixed. any major defects, launch delays or product suspensions may lead to loss of customers and revenue, negative publicity, customer and employee dissatisfaction, reduced retailer shelf space and promotions, and increased operating expenses, such as inventory replacement costs, legal fees or other payments, including those resulting from our accuracy guarantee in our tax preparation products. for example, an error in our tax products could cause a compliance error for taxpayers, including the over or underpayment of their federal or state tax liability. while our accuracy guarantee commits us to reimburse penalties and interest paid by customers due solely to calculation errors in our tax preparation products, such errors may result in additional burdens on third parties that we may need to address or that may cause us to suspend the availability of our products until such errors are addressed. this could also affect our reputation, the willingness of customers to use our products, and our financial results. further, as we develop our platform to connect people to experts, such as connecting turbotax customers with tax experts through our turbotax live offering, or connecting quickbooks customers with bookkeepers through our quickbooks live offering, we face the risk that these experts may provide advice that is erroneous, ineffective or otherwise unsuitable. any such deficiency in the advice given by these experts may cause harm to our customers, a loss of customer confidence in our offerings or harm to our reputation or financial results.
our international operations are subject to increased risks which may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
in addition to uncertainty about our ability to generate revenues from our foreign operations and expand into international markets, there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including:
•different or more restrictive privacy, data protection, data localization, and other laws that could require us to make changes to our products, services and operations, such as mandating that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed within that country;
•difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, and cultural differences;
•credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;
•profit repatriation restrictions, and foreign currency exchange restrictions;
•geopolitical events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism, and public health emergencies, including divergent governmental responses thereto across the jurisdictions in which we operate;
•compliance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, and laws and regulations of other jurisdictions prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials and other third parties;
•antitrust and competition regulations;
•potentially adverse tax developments;
•economic uncertainties relating to european sovereign and other debt;
•trade barriers and changes in trade regulations;
•political or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and
•risks related to other government regulation or required compliance with local laws.
violations of the rapidly evolving and complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations may result in fines, criminal actions or sanctions against us, our officers or our broader workforce, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, we cannot be sure that our workforce, contractors and agents are in compliance with our policies.
tables of contents these risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition.
legal and compliance risks legal and compliance risks arise from change in the government and regulatory environment, including complex and evolving regulations relating to privacy and data security; potential litigation; regulatory inquiries and intellectual property infringement claims.
increased government regulation of our businesses, or changes to existing regulations, may harm our operating results.
the company is subject to federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that affect the company's activities, including, without limitation, areas of labor, advertising, tax, financial services, data privacy and security, electronic funds transfer, money transmission, lending, digital content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, intellectual property ownership and infringement, import and export requirements, anti-corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety, and other regulated activities. there have been significant new regulations and heightened focus by the government on many of these areas, as well as in areas such as insurance and privacy. as we expand our products and services and revise our business models, both domestically and internationally, we may become subject to additional government regulation or increased regulatory scrutiny. for example, in april 2020, one of our subsidiaries became a small business administration ("sba") approved lender under the sba's recently established paycheck protection program ("ppp") authorized by the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act. further, regulators (both in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions in which we operate) may adopt new laws or regulations, change existing regulations, or their interpretation of existing laws or regulations may differ from ours. in response to the covid-19 pandemic, federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities have imposed, and may continue to impose, protocols and restrictions intended to contain the spread of the virus, including limitations on the reopening of work facilities, schools, public buildings and businesses, quarantines, lockdowns and travel restrictions. such restrictions have disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business operations and limit our ability to perform critical functions.
the tax preparation industry continues to receive heightened attention from federal and state governments. new legislation, regulation, public policy considerations, changes in the cybersecurity environment, litigation by the government or private entities, changes to or new interpretations of existing laws may result in greater oversight of the tax preparation industry, restrict the types of products and services that we can offer or the prices we can charge, or otherwise cause us to change the way we operate our tax businesses or offer our tax products and services. we may not be able to respond quickly to such regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn increase our cost of doing business and limit our revenue opportunities. in addition, if our practices are not consistent with new interpretations of existing laws, we may become subject to lawsuits, penalties, and other liabilities that did not previously apply. we are also required to comply with a variety of state revenue agency standards in order to successfully operate our tax preparation and electronic filing services.
changes in state-imposed requirements by one or more of the states, including the required use of specific technologies or technology standards, may significantly increase the costs of providing those services to our customers and may prevent us from delivering a quality product to our customers in a timely manner.
complex and evolving u.s. and international laws and regulation regarding privacy and data protection could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties or increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business.
regulations related to the provision of online services is evolving as federal, state and foreign governments continue to adopt new or modify existing laws and regulations addressing data privacy and the collection, processing, storage, transfer and use of data. this includes, for example, the eu's general data protection regulation, the california consumer protection act, the california privacy rights act, and the virginia consumer data protection act, which will become effective in january 2023. in our efforts to meet the gdpr, ccpa and other data privacy regulations, we have made and continue to make certain operational changes to our products and business practices. if we are unable to engineer products that meet these evolving requirements or help our customers meet their obligations under these or other new data regulations, we might experience reduced demand for our offerings. further, penalties for non-compliance with these laws may be significant.
in addition, the evolution of global privacy treaties and frameworks has created compliance uncertainty and increased complexity. for example, the judicial invalidation of the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks that we relied on to transfer data has created additional compliance challenges for the transfer of eu personal data to the u.s. while we rely on alternative methods for the transfer of this data, ongoing legal challenges to these and other transfer mechanisms could cause us to incur costs or change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
tables of contents or services, which may make customers less likely to purchase our products and may harm our future financial results. additionally, any actual or alleged noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in negative publicity and subject us to investigations, claims or other remedies, including demands that we modify or cease existing business practices, and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. we have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenses to comply with existing privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations.
we are frequently a party to litigation and regulatory inquiries which could result in an unfavorable outcome and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows.
we are subject to various legal proceedings (including class action lawsuits), claims and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved and additional claims and inquiries may arise in the future. the number and significance of these claims and inquiries may increase as our businesses evolve. any proceedings, claims or inquiries initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, may be time consuming; result in costly litigation, damage awards, consent decrees, injunctive relief or increased costs of business; require us to change our business practices or products; require significant amounts of management time; result in diversion of significant operations resources; or otherwise harm our business and future financial results. for further information about specific litigation, see item 3, "legal proceedings."
third parties claiming that we infringe their proprietary rights may cause us to incur significant legal expenses and prevent us from selling our products.
we may become increasingly subject to infringement claims, including patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement claims. litigation may be necessary to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others. we have received a number of allegations of intellectual property infringement claims in the past and expect to receive more claims in the future based on allegations that our offerings infringe upon the intellectual property held by third parties. some of these claims are the subject of pending litigation against us and against some of our customers. these claims may involve patent holding companies or other adverse intellectual property owners who have no relevant product revenues of their own, and against whom our own intellectual property may provide little or no deterrence. the ultimate outcome of any allegation is uncertain and, regardless of outcome, any such claim, with or without merit, may be time consuming to defend, result in costly litigation, divert management's time and attention from our business, require us to stop selling, delay shipping or redesign our products, or require us to pay monetary damages for royalty or licensing fees, or to satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with some of our customers. our failure to obtain necessary license or other rights, or litigation arising out of intellectual property claims may harm our business.
we are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
the laws relating to the liability of online services companies for information such as online content disseminated through their services are subject to frequent challenges. in spite of settled law in the u.s., claims are made against online services companies by parties who disagree with the content. where our online content is accessed on the internet outside of the u.s., challenges may be brought under foreign laws which do not provide the same protections for online services companies as in the u.s. these challenges in either u.s. or foreign jurisdictions may give rise to legal claims alleging defamation, libel, invasion of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials disseminated through the services. certain of our services include content generated by users of our online services. although this content is not generated by us, claims of defamation or other injury may be made against us for that content. any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability may harm our business.
financial risks financial risks relate to our ability to meet financial obligations and mitigate exposure to financial impacts to our businesses or our offerings. financial risks arise from the following: seasonality; excessive subscription cancellations and product returns; unanticipated changes in income tax rates; adverse global macro-economic conditions; credit risks; fluctuations in our net income; indebtedness; and the fluctuation of our stock price.
our tax business is highly seasonal and our quarterly results fluctuate significantly.
tables of contents goodwill and acquired intangible asset impairment charges. any fluctuations in our operating results may adversely affect our stock price.
if actual customer refunds for our offerings exceed the amount we have reserved our future financial results may be harmed.
like many software companies we refund customers for product returns and subscription cancellations. we establish reserves against revenue in our financial statements based on estimated customer refunds. we closely monitor this refund activity in an effort to maintain adequate reserves. in the past, customer refunds have not differed significantly from these reserves. however, if we experience actual customer refunds or an increase in risks of collecting customer payments that significantly exceed the amount we have reserved, it may result in lower net revenue.
unanticipated changes in our income tax rates or other indirect tax may affect our future financial results.
our future effective income tax rates may be favorably or unfavorably affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, by changes in our stock price, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. there are several pending proposed changes to u.s. and non-u.s. tax legislation and the ultimate enactment of any of them could have a negative impact on our effective tax rate. foreign governments may enact tax laws that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these continuous examinations may result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities, which may harm our future financial results.
an increasing number of states and foreign jurisdictions have adopted laws or administrative practices, that impose new taxes on all or a portion of gross revenue or other similar amounts or impose additional obligations to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar taxes. we may not have sufficient lead time to build systems and processes to collect these taxes properly, or at all. failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices, or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions requiring us to collect taxes where we do not, could result in material tax liabilities, including for past sales, as well as penalties and interest.
adverse global economic conditions could harm our business and financial condition.
adverse macroeconomic developments could negatively affect our business and financial condition. adverse global economic events have caused, and could, in the future, cause disruptions and volatility in global financial markets and increased rates of default and bankruptcy, and could impact consumer and small business spending. in particular, because the majority of our revenue is derived from sales within the u.s., economic conditions in the u.s. have an even greater impact on us than companies with a more diverse international presence. challenging economic times could cause potential new customers not to purchase or to delay purchasing our products and services, and could cause our existing customers to discontinue purchasing or delay upgrades of our existing products and services. in addition, financial institution partners may again decrease or suspend their activity on credit karma's platform, credit karma's members may decrease their engagement on the platform or their creditworthiness could be negatively impacted, reducing members' ability to qualify for credit cards and loans. any of the foregoing may negatively impact our revenues and future financial results. decreased consumer spending levels could also reduce credit and debit card transaction processing volumes causing reductions in our payments revenue. poor economic conditions and high unemployment have caused, and could in the future cause, a significant decrease in the number of tax returns filed, which may have a significant effect on the number of tax returns we prepare and file. in addition, weakness in the end-user consumer and small business markets could negatively affect the cash flow of our distributors and resellers who could, in turn, delay paying their obligations to us, which could increase our credit risk exposure and cause delays in our recognition of revenue or future sales to these customers. any of these events could harm our business and our future financial results.
the covid-19 pandemic and the actions taken in response to it have significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. accordingly, the risks described in the paragraph above may be more likely to materialize, any of which could harm our business and our future financial results.
we provide capital to small businesses, which exposes us to certain risk, and may cause us material financial or reputational harm.
tables of contents above and additional risks, such as borrower default, the sba declining to forgive or honor its guarantee with respect to ppp loans and litigation or other disputes with borrowers or others related to our ppp activities.
amortization of acquired intangible assets and impairment charges may cause significant fluctuation in our net income.
our acquisitions have resulted in significant expenses, including amortization and impairment of acquired technology and other acquired intangible assets, and impairment of goodwill. total costs and expenses in these categories were $196 million in fiscal 2021; $28 million in fiscal 2020; and $26 million in fiscal 2019. although under current accounting rules goodwill is not amortized, we may incur impairment charges related to the goodwill already recorded and to goodwill arising out of future acquisitions. we test the impairment of goodwill annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. the timing of the formal annual test may result in charges to our statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that may not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. at july 31, 2021, we had $5.6 billion in goodwill and $3.3 billion in net acquired intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet, both of which may be subject to impairment charges in the future. new acquisitions, and any impairment of the value of acquired intangible assets, may have a significant negative impact on our future financial results.
we have incurred indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results.
as of july 31, 2021, we had an aggregate of $2.0 billion of indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities and our senior unsecured notes. under the agreements governing our indebtedness, we are permitted to incur additional debt. this debt, and any debt that we may incur in the future, may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things:
•increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•requiring the dedication of a portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, share repurchases and acquisitions; and
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and our industries.
if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required, among other things, to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets, refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness, sell selected assets or reduce or delay planned capital, operating or investment expenditures. such measures may not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt.
additionally, the agreements governing our indebtedness impose restrictions on us and require us to comply with certain covenants. for example, our credit facilities restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness and require us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. in addition, our credit facilities and the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes limit our ability to create liens our and subsidiaries' assets and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. if we breach any of these covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders or the noteholders, as applicable, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any or all of our outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. there can be no assurance that any refinancing or additional financing would be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all.
under the terms of our outstanding senior unsecured notes, we may be required to repurchase the notes for cash prior to their maturity in connection with the occurrence of certain changes of control that are accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of the notes. the repayment obligations under the notes may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a takeover of our company. if we were required to pay the notes prior to their scheduled maturity, it could have a negative impact on our cash position and liquidity and impair our ability to invest financial resources in other strategic initiatives.
in addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our unsecured revolving credit facility may increase. in addition, any downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and may negatively impact the terms of any such financing.
we have a stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase our common stock. the repurchase program does not have an expiration date and we are not obligated to repurchase a specified number or dollar value of shares. our repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time. even if our stock repurchase program is fully implemented, it may not enhance long-term stockholder value. also, the amount, timing, and execution of our stock repurchase programs may fluctuate based on our priorities for the use of cash for other purposes and because of changes in cash flows, tax laws, and the market price of our common stock.
tables of contents our stock price may be volatile and your investment could lose value.
our stock price is subject to changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors' or analysts' valuation measures for our stock, our credit ratings and market trends unrelated to our performance. furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business or security of our products, can cause changes in our stock price. these factors, as well as general economic and political conditions, including the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, and the timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by our competitors or us, and any announcements by us of acquisitions, major transactions, or management changes may adversely affect our stock price. moreover, the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility in the global financial markets, which has resulted in significant volatility in our stock price recently. further, any changes in the amounts or frequency of share repurchases or dividends may also adversely affect our stock price. a significant drop in our stock price could expose us to the risk of securities class actions lawsuits, which may result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources, which may adversely affect our business.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to provide readers of our consolidated financial statements with the perspectives of management. this should allow the readers of this report to obtain a comprehensive understanding of our businesses, strategies, current trends, and future prospects. our md&a includes the following sections:
• executive overview: high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business.
• critical accounting policies and estimates: policies and estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments underlying our financial statements.
• results of operations: a more detailed discussion of our revenue and expenses.
• liquidity and capital resources: discussion of key aspects of our consolidated statements of cash flows, changes in our consolidated balance sheets, and our financial commitments.
you should note that this md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. please see the section entitled "forward-looking statements" immediately preceding part i for important information to consider when evaluating such statements.
you should read this md&a in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this annual report.
due to the covid-19 pandemic we continue to conduct business with substantial modifications to employee work locations and employee travel, among other modifications. in june 2021 a small number of employees started returning to work locations on a limited basis. while we have not experienced significant disruptions to our operations from the covid-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the full impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our operations and future financial performance, including demand for our offerings, impact to our customers and partners, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and other factors identified in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
in april 2020, intuit was approved as a non-bank small business administration lender for the paycheck protection program (ppp). the ppp was authorized under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (cares act) to provide small businesses loans to pay payroll and group health costs, salaries and commissions, mortgage and rent payments, utilities, and interest on other debt which is designed to provide assistance to small businesses during the covid-19 pandemic.
in august 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. additionally, certain legal, facility and employee service costs are now managed at the corporate level. as a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. for the twelve months ended july 31, 2020 and 2019, we reclassified $180 million and $172 million from small business & self-employed, $121 million and $78 million from consumer, and $13 million and $12 million from proconnect to other corporate expenses. in august 2020, we also renamed our strategic partner segment as the proconnect segment. this segment continues to serve professional accountants.
in fiscal 2021 we acquired credit karma. we have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. credit karma operates as a separate reportable segment. segment operating income for credit karma includes all direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative, which is different from our other reportable segments. see note 6 in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
executive overview this overview provides a high level discussion of our operating results and some of the trends that affect our business. we believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2021 as well as our future prospects. this summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
industry trends and seasonality industry trends artificial intelligence (ai) is transforming multiple industries, including financial technology. disruptive start-ups, emerging ecosystems and mega-platforms are harnessing new technology to create personalized experiences, deliver data-driven insights and increase speed of service. these shifts are creating a more dynamic and highly competitive environment where customer expectations are shifting around the world as more services become digitized and the array of choices continues to increase.
tables of contents seasonality our consumer and proconnect offerings have a significant and distinct seasonal pattern as sales and revenue from our income tax preparation products and services are typically concentrated in the period from november through april. this seasonal pattern typically results in higher net revenues during our second and third quarters ending january 31 and april 30, respectively.
due to the covid-19 pandemic, the timing of tax filing seasons for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 varied significantly. in fiscal 2019, the irs began accepting returns on january 28, 2019 and the tax filing deadline was april 15, 2019. in fiscal 2020, the irs began accepting returns on january 27, 2020 and the tax filing deadline was july 15, 2020. in fiscal 2021, the irs began accepting returns on february 12, 2021 and the tax filing deadline was may 17, 2021. these changes to the tax filing seasons impacted our quarterly financial results during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.
we expect the seasonality of our consumer and proconnect businesses to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future.
key challenges and risks our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain, and strengthen new and existing relationships. to remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
as we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. because we help customers manage their financial lives, we face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. we are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future.
for our consumer and professional tax offerings, we have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to implement industry-wide security and anti-fraud measures, including sharing information regarding suspicious filings. we received iso 27001 certification for a portion of our systems and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. additionally, credit karma's security measures are regularly reviewed and updated.
tables of contents overview of financial results the most important financial indicators that we use to assess our business are revenue growth for the company as a whole and for each reportable segment; operating income growth for the company as a whole; earnings per share; and cash flow from operations. we also track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth and, when material, identify them in the applicable discussions of segment results below. service offerings are a significant part of our business. our total service and other revenue was $7.9 billion or 82% of our total revenue in fiscal 2021 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future.
revenue of                    small business &amp; self-employed revenue of         consumer revenue of
operating income of           net income of                                         diluted net income per share of
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), we are required to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that can have a significant impact on our net revenue, operating income or loss and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. we believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the following accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements, so we consider these to be our critical accounting policies:
•revenue recognition
•business combinations
•goodwill, acquired intangible assets, and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments
•accounting for income taxes - estimates of deferred taxes, valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions our senior management has reviewed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and their disclosure in this annual report on form 10-k with the audit and risk committee of our board of directors.
tables of contents of revenue we report in a particular period. for additional information, see "revenue recognition" in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report.
business combinations as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - business combinations," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, under the acquisition method of accounting we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. we measure goodwill as the excess of consideration transferred, which we also measure at fair value, over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. this method also requires us to refine these estimates over a one-year measurement period to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. if we are required to retroactively adjust provisional amounts that we have recorded for the fair values of assets and liabilities in connection with acquisitions, these adjustments could materially decrease our operating income and net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet.
significant estimates and assumptions that we must make in estimating the fair value of acquired technology, customer lists, and other identifiable intangible assets include future cash flows that we expect to generate from the acquired assets. if the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could record impairment charges. in addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate depreciation and amortization expense. if our estimates of the economic lives change, depreciation or amortization expenses could be accelerated or slowed.
goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets - impairment assessments we estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. we test for potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or whenever indicators of impairment arise. the timing of the annual test may result in charges to our consolidated statement of operations in our fourth fiscal quarter that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods.
as described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, in order to estimate the fair value of goodwill we use a weighted combination of a discounted cash flow model (known as the income approach) and comparisons to publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses (known as the market approach). the income approach requires us to use a number of assumptions, including market factors specific to the business, the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the business over an extended period of time, long-term growth rates for the business, and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. we evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level. although the assumptions we use in our discounted cash flow model are consistent with the assumptions we use to generate our internal strategic plans and forecasts, significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. when using the market approach, we make judgments about the comparability of publicly traded companies engaged in similar businesses. we base our judgments on factors such as size, growth rates, profitability, risk, and return on investment. we also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. see note 5 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for a summary of goodwill by reportable segment.
we estimate the recoverability of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that we expect the asset to generate. in order to estimate the fair value of those assets, we estimate the present value of future cash flows from those assets. the key assumptions that we use in our discounted cash flow model are the amount and timing of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the asset over an extended period of time and a rate of return that considers the relative risk of achieving the cash flows and the time value of money. significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. we also make judgments about the remaining useful lives of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite lives. see note 5 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for a summary of cost, accumulated amortization and weighted average life in years for our acquired intangible assets.
tables of contents acquired intangible assets. impairment charges could materially decrease our future net income and result in lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet.
during the fourth quarters of fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019 we performed our annual goodwill impairment tests. using the methodology described in "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies - goodwill, acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets," in note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, we determined that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and that they were not impaired. in addition, during this analysis we concluded that the estimated fair values of all of our reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values.
legal contingencies we are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. we review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. if the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. if we determine that a loss is possible and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. significant judgment is required in the determination of whether a potential loss is probable, reasonably possible, or remote as well as in the determination of whether a potential exposure is reasonably estimable. our accruals are based on the best information available at the time. as additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. potential legal liabilities and the revision of estimates of potential legal liabilities could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. see note 13 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
accounting for income taxes - estimates of deferred taxes, valuation allowances, and uncertain tax positions we estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax rules and the potential for future adjustment of our uncertain tax positions by the united states internal revenue service or other taxing jurisdictions. we estimate our current tax liability and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which we show on our consolidated balance sheet. we must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance. when we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding tax expense in our consolidated statement of operations.
we record a valuation allowance to reflect uncertainties about whether we will be able to utilize our deferred tax assets before they expire. we assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. the assessment is based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income in the jurisdictions in which we operate and the periods over which our deferred tax assets will be realizable. while we have considered future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance for the periods presented, we could in the future be required to increase the valuation allowance to take into account additional deferred tax assets that we may be unable to realize. an increase in the valuation allowance could have an adverse impact on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the change.
we recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. the first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. for tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. we evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
tables of contents results of operations a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 is presented below. a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 can be found under item 7 of part ii in our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended july 31, 2020, filed with the sec on august 31, 2020, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and on the investor relations section of our corporate website at investors.intuit.com.
financial overview
2021             2020             2019                   % change                   % change total net revenue                                        $9,633           $7,679           $6,784                        25     %                   13     %
operating income                                          2,500            2,176            1,854                        15     %                   17     %
total net revenue increased $2.0 billion or 25% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. the acquisition of credit karma contributed $865 million to total revenue in fiscal 2021. our small business & self-employed segment revenue increased 16% primarily due to growth in our online ecosystem revenue. our consumer segment revenue increased 14% primarily due to a shift in mix to our higher priced offerings including turbotax live and growth in turbotax federal units. see "segment results" later in this item 7 for more information.
operating income increased $324 million or 15% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. the increase was due to the higher revenue described above partially offset by an increase in expenses primarily for staffing, marketing, share-based compensation, and amortization of other acquired intangible assets. see "operating expenses" later in this item 7 for more information.
net income increased $236 million or 13% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 due to the increase in operating income described above, a $30 million gain from the sale of a note receivable that was previously written off, and a $17 million gain on other long-term investments. these increases were partially offset by a higher tax expense for the period. diluted net income per share increased 9% to $7.56 for fiscal 2021 due to the increase in net income, which was partially offset by an increase in the weighted average shares outstanding due to the shares issued as part of the acquisition of credit karma in the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
segment results the information below is organized in accordance with our four reportable segments. all of our segments operate and sell to customers primarily in the united states. total international net revenue was less than 5% of consolidated total net revenue for the twelve months ended july 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
in august 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. additionally, certain legal, facility and employee service costs are now managed at the corporate level. as a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. for the twelve months ended july 31, 2020 and 2019, we reclassified $180 million and $172 million from small business & self-employed, $121 million and $78 million from consumer, and $13 million and $12 million from proconnect to other corporate expenses. in august 2020, we also renamed our strategic partner segment as the proconnect segment. this segment continues to serve professional accountants.
in december 2020 we acquired credit karma in a business combination and it operates as a separate reportable segment. we have included the results of operations of credit karma in our consolidated statements of operations from the date of acquisition. see note 6 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information. segment operating income for credit karma includes all direct expenses, which is different from our other reportable segments where we do not fully allocate corporate expenses.
segment operating income is segment net revenue less segment cost of revenue and operating expenses. for our small business & self-employed, consumer, and proconnect reportable segments, we include expenses such as corporate selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative, which are not allocated to specific segments, in unallocated corporate items as part of other corporate expenses. for credit karma, segment expenses include all direct expenses related to selling and marketing, product development, and general and administrative. unallocated corporate items for all segments include share-based compensation, amortization of acquired technology, amortization of other acquired intangible assets, and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. these unallocated costs for all segments totaled $2.9 billion in fiscal 2021, $2.3 billion in fiscal 2020, and $2.0 billion in fiscal 2019. unallocated costs increased in fiscal 2021
tables of contents compared with fiscal 2020 due to increased corporate product development, selling and marketing, and general and administrative expenses in support of the growth of our businesses, higher share-based compensation expenses, higher amortization of acquired technology, and higher amortization of other acquired intangible assets. see note 14 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for reconciliations of total segment operating income to consolidated operating income for each fiscal year presented.
tables of contents small business &amp; self-employed small business & self-employed segment revenue includes both online ecosystem and desktop ecosystem revenue.
our online ecosystem includes revenue from quickbooks online, quickbooks live, quickbooks online advanced and quickbooks self-employed financial and business management offerings; small business payroll services, including quickbooks online payroll, intuit online payroll, intuit full service payroll; merchant payment processing services for small businesses who use online offerings; quickbooks commerce, quickbooks cash, and financing for small businesses.
our desktop ecosystem includes revenue from our quickbooks desktop packaged software products (desktop pro, desktop for mac, desktop premier, and quickbooks point of sale); quickbooks desktop software subscriptions (quickbooks desktop pro plus, quickbooks desktop premier plus, and quickbooks enterprise, and proadvisor program memberships for the accounting professionals who serve small businesses); desktop payroll products (quickbooks basic payroll, quickbooks assisted payroll and quickbooks enhanced payroll); merchant payment processing services for small businesses who use desktop offerings; financial supplies; and financing for small businesses.
segment product revenue is derived from revenue related to software license and version protection for our quickbooks desktop products and subscriptions, license and related updates for our desktop payroll products and financial supplies, which are all part of our desktop ecosystem. segment service and other revenue is derived from our online ecosystem revenue; and desktop ecosystem revenue related to support and connected services for our quickbooks desktop and desktop payroll products and subscriptions and merchant payment processing services.
2021                      2020                      2019                   % change                   % change product revenue                     $1,085                    $1,032                    $1,036
service and other revenue            3,603                     3,018                     2,497
% of total revenue                      49    %                   53    %                   52    %
segment operating income            $2,590                    $2,091                    $1,722                        24     %                   21     %
% of related revenue                    55    %                   52    %                   49    %
revenue classified by significant product and service offerings was as follows:
2021                      2020                      2019                   % change                   % change net revenue:
online services                                     1,051                       828                       683                        27     %                   21     %
total online ecosystem                              2,750                     2,182                     1,663                        26     %                   31     %
desktop services and supplies                       1,149                     1,113                     1,138                         3     %                   (2    %)
total desktop ecosystem                             1,938                     1,868                     1,870                         4     %                    -     %
total small business &amp; self-employed           $4,688                    $4,050                    $3,533                        16     %                   15     %
tables of contents revenue for our small business & self-employed segment increased $638 million or 16% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. the increase was primarily due to growth in online ecosystem revenue. fiscal 2021 and 2020 revenue includes $20 million and $30 million, respectively, of nonrecurring revenue related to the payroll protection program, of which $12 million and $16 million, respectively, related to our online ecosystem and $8 million and $14 million, respectively, related to our desktop ecosystem.
online ecosystem online ecosystem revenue increased $568 million or 26% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. quickbooks online accounting revenue increased 25% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in customers, a shift in mix to our higher priced offerings and higher effective prices. online services revenue increased 27% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to an increase in revenue from our payments and payroll offerings. online payments revenue increased due to an increase in customers and an increase in charge volume per customer. online payroll revenue increased due to an increase in customers and a shift in mix to our full service offering.
desktop ecosystem desktop ecosystem revenue increased $70 million in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to growth in our quickbooks desktop enterprise subscription offering due to an increase in customers and higher revenue for our desktop payments offering due to higher charge volume. also, during fiscal 2021 there was an increase in revenue from license updates as a result of price increases that occurred during fiscal 2020. these increases were partially offset by a decline in desktop unit revenue.
small business & self-employed segment operating income increased $499 million or 24% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by higher expenses. we incurred higher expenses for marketing, outside services, and sales related expenses, which were partially offset by a decrease in depreciation.
in august 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. additionally, certain legal, facility and employee service costs are now managed at the corporate level. as a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. for the twelve months ended july 31, 2020 and 2019, we reclassified $180 million and $172 million from small business & self-employed to other corporate expenses.
tables of contents consumer consumer segment product revenue is derived primarily from turbotax desktop tax return preparation software and related form updates.
consumer segment service and other revenue is derived primarily from turbotax online and turbotax live offerings, electronic tax filing services and connected services, and also from our mint offering.
2021                      2020                      2019                   % change                   % change product revenue                       $201                      $203                      $201
service and other revenue            3,362                     2,933                     2,574
% of total revenue                      37    %                   41    %                   41    %
segment operating income            $2,237                    $2,063                    $1,820                         8     %                   13     %
% of related revenue                    63    %                   66    %                   66    %
revenue for our consumer segment increased $427 million or 14% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to a shift in mix to our higher priced product offerings including turbotax live and a 6% growth in turbotax federal units.
consumer segment operating income increased $174 million or 8% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 due to the higher revenue described above, which was partially offset by higher expenses for staffing, marketing, and outside services.
in august 2020, we reorganized certain technology and customer success functions that support and benefit our overall platform. additionally, certain legal, facility and employee service costs are now managed at the corporate level. as a result, these costs are no longer included in segment operating income and are now included in other corporate expenses. for the twelve months ended july 31, 2020 and 2019, we reclassified $121 million and $78 million from consumer to other corporate expenses.
tables of contents credit karma credit karma revenue is derived from cost-per-action transactions, which include the delivery of qualified links that result in completed actions such as credit card issuances and personal loan funding; and cost-per-click and cost-per-lead transactions, which include user clicks on advertisements or advertisements that allow for the generation of leads, and primarily relate to mortgage and insurance businesses.
2021   2020           2019           % change          % change product revenue                       $-        $-             $-
service and other revenue            865        -              -
% of total revenue                     9    %   -         %    -         %
segment operating income            $182        $-             $-             n/a               n/a
% of related revenue                  21    %   n/a            n/a on december 3, 2020 we acquired credit karma. our results of operations include the operations of credit karma beginning on the date of acquisition.
segment operating income was $182 million in fiscal 2021. expenses were primarily related to staffing and marketing.
tables of contents proconnect proconnect segment product revenue is derived primarily from lacerte, proseries, and profile desktop tax preparation software products and related form updates.
proconnect segment service and other revenue is derived primarily from proconnect tax online tax products, electronic tax filing service, connected services, and bank products.
2021                    2020                    2019                   % change                   % change product revenue                     $412                    $400                    $386
service and other revenue            105                      93                      90
% of total revenue                     5    %                  6    %                  7    %
segment operating income            $372                    $346                    $330                         8     %                    5     %
% of related revenue                  72    %                 70    %                 69    %
in august 2020, we renamed our strategic partner segment as the proconnect segment. this segment continues to serve professional accountants.
revenue for our proconnect segment increased $24 million or 5% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to a higher average revenue per customer and customer growth.
proconnect segment operating income increased $26 million or 8% in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020 primarily due to the higher revenue described above and slightly lower spending.
tables of contents cost of revenue
(dollars in millions)                             fiscal                    % of                    fiscal                    % of                    fiscal                    % of
2021                 related                      2020                 related                      2019                 related revenue                                           revenue                                           revenue cost of product revenue                         $69                       4    %                  $72                       4    %                  $77                       5    %
cost of service and other revenue             1,564                      20    %                1,284                      21    %                1,070                      21    %
amortization of acquired technology              50                          n/a                   22                          n/a                   20                          n/a total cost of revenue                        $1,683                      17    %               $1,378                      18    %               $1,167                      17    %
our cost of revenue has three components: (1) cost of product revenue, which includes the direct costs of manufacturing and shipping or electronically downloading our desktop software products; (2) cost of service and other revenue, which includes the direct costs associated with our online and service offerings, such as costs for data processing and storage capabilities from cloud providers, customer support costs, and costs for the tax and bookkeeping experts that support our turbotax live and quickbooks live offerings, costs related to credit score providers, and depreciation expense for developed technology; and (3) amortization of acquired technology, which represents the cost of amortizing developed technologies that we have obtained through acquisitions over their useful lives.
cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue was relatively consistent in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. we expense costs of product revenue as they are incurred for delivered software and we do not defer any of these costs when product revenue is deferred.
cost of service and other revenue as a percentage of service and other revenue decreased slightly in fiscal 2021 compared with fiscal 2020. the acquisition of credit karma contributed $209 million to cost of service and other revenue for fiscal 2021. the decrease in cost of service and other revenue as a percentage of service and other revenue is primarily due to the increase in revenue described above. additionally, during fiscal 2021 we experienced an increase in customer success costs for turbotax live due to customer growth, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense.
operating expenses
(dollars in millions)                                            fiscal                    % of                    fiscal                    % of                    fiscal                    % of
2021                   total                      2020                   total                      2019                   total net                                               net                                               net revenue                                           revenue                                           revenue selling and marketing                                       $2,644                      28    %               $2,048                      27    %               $1,927                      28    %
research and development                                     1,678                      17    %                1,392                      18    %                1,233                      18    %
amortization of other acquired intangible assets               146                       2    %                    6                       -    %                    6                       -    %
total operating expenses                                    $5,450                      57    %               $4,125                      54    %               $3,763                      55    %
total operating expenses as a percentage of total net revenue increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. total net revenue increased $2.0 billion or 25% and total operating expenses increased $1.3 billion or 32%, which includes $616 million of operating expenses related to credit karma. total share-based compensation expense increased $309 million; total staffing increased $396 million, including $246 million related to credit karma; total marketing increased $383 million, including $197 million related to credit karma; and total amortization of other acquired intangible assets increased $140 million, which was primarily related to credit karma.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense interest expense of $29 million in fiscal 2021 consisted primarily of interest on our senior unsecured notes, secured revolving credit facility, unsecured term loan, and unsecured revolving credit facility. interest expense of $14 million in fiscal 2020 consisted primarily of interest on our unsecured term loan, unsecured revolving credit facility, secured revolving credit facility, and senior unsecured notes. see note 7 and note 8 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
tables of contents interest and other income, net
(2)    in accordance with authoritative guidance, we record gains and losses associated with executive deferred compensation plan assets in interest and other income and gains and losses associated with the related liabilities in operating expenses. the total amounts recorded in operating expenses for each period are approximately equal to the total amounts recorded in interest and other income in those periods.
(3)    in fiscal 2021 we recorded a $30 million gain from the sale of a note receivable that was previously written off and gains on other long-term investments of $17 million.
income taxes our effective tax rates for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 were approximately 19% and 17%, respectively. excluding the tax benefits related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2021 was approximately 24%. this rate differed from the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation, which were partially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit. excluding the tax benefits related to share-based compensation, our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was approximately 21%. this rate did not differ significantly from the federal statutory rate of 21% as state income taxes and non-deductible share-based compensation were substantially offset by the benefit we received from the federal research and experimentation credit. see note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information about our effective tax rates.
at july 31, 2021, we had net deferred tax liabilities of $517 million which included a valuation allowance for state research and experimentation tax credit carryforwards, foreign loss carryforwards, foreign intangible deferred tax assets and state operating and capital loss carryforwards. see "critical accounting policies and estimates" earlier in this item 7 and note 10 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
in the current global tax policy environment, the u.s. and other domestic and foreign governments continue to consider, and in some cases enact, changes in corporate tax laws. as changes occur, we account for finalized legislation in the period of enactment.
tables of contents liquidity and capital resources overview at july 31, 2021, our cash, cash equivalents and investments totaled $3.9 billion, a decrease of $3.2 billion from july 31, 2020 due to the factors described in "statements of cash flows" below. our primary sources of liquidity have been cash from operations, which includes the collection of accounts receivable for products and services, the issuance of senior unsecured notes, and borrowings under our credit facilities. our primary uses of cash have been for research and development programs, selling and marketing activities, repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, the payment of cash dividends, debt service costs and debt repayment, acquisitions of businesses, and capital projects. as discussed in "executive overview - industry trends and seasonality" earlier in this item 7, our business is subject to significant seasonality. the balance of our cash, cash equivalents and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future.
the following table summarizes selected measures of our liquidity and capital resources at the dates indicated:
2021                      2020                      change                  change cash, cash equivalents and investments                   $3,870                    $7,050                    $(3,180)                    (45)    %
working capital                                           2,502                     4,451                     (1,949)                    (44)    %
ratio of current assets to current liabilities               1.9 : 1                   2.3 : 1
we have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2022. our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $3.9 billion at july 31, 2021, none of those funds were restricted, and approximately 92% of those funds were located in the u.s.
on december 3, 2020 we acquired credit karma. the fair value of the purchase consideration totaled $7.2 billion and included $3.4 billion in cash, 10.6 million shares of intuit common stock with a fair value of $3.8 billion and assumed equity awards for services rendered through the acquisition date of $47 million. see "business combinations" below for more information.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we borrowed the full $1 billion under our unsecured revolving credit facility which we repaid in august 2020. the unsecured revolving credit facility is available to us for general corporate purposes. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we also issued $2 billion in senior unsecured notes for general corporate purposes, which was used to fund a portion of the acquisition of credit karma. see "commitments for senior unsecured notes" later in this item 7 for more information.
based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated seasonal working capital needs, capital expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, commitments, debt service requirements, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. we believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage any impact of covid-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners.
we expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs.
our secured revolving credit facility is available to fund a portion of our loans to qualified small businesses. at july 31, 2021, $48 million was outstanding under the secured revolving credit facility. see "credit facilities" later in this item 7 for more information.
we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities.
tables of contents statements of cash flows the following table summarizes selected items from our consolidated statements of cash flows for fiscal 2021, fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2019. see the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for complete consolidated statements of cash flows for those periods.
operating activities                                                                                             $3,250                    $2,414                    $2,324
effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents                 13                       (6)                       (3)
during fiscal 2021 we generated $3.3 billion in cash from operations and $196 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans. during the same period we used $3.1 billion for the acquisitions of businesses, $1.3 billion for the repayment of debt, $1.0 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $710 million for the net purchases of investments, $646 million for the payment of cash dividends, $383 million for payments for employee taxes withheld upon vesting of restricted stock units, $125 million for capital expenditures, and $96 million for net originations of term loans.
during fiscal 2020 we generated $2.4 billion in cash from operations. we also received $2 billion from the issuance of senior unsecured notes, $1 billion from borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, $44 million for net principal repayments of term loans, and $25 million from the net sales and maturities of investments. during the same period we used $561 million for the payment of cash dividends, $323 million for the repurchase of shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase programs, $137 million for capital expenditures, $50 million for the repayment of debt, and $33 million from the issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, net of payments for employee taxes withheld upon vesting of restricted stock units.
stock repurchase programs and dividends on common stock as described in note 11 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report, during fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 we continued to repurchase shares of our common stock under a series of repurchase programs that our board of directors has authorized. at july 31, 2021, we had authorization from our board of directors to expend up to an additional $1.3 billion for stock repurchases. on august 20, 2021 our board approved a new stock repurchase program under which we are authorized to repurchase up to an additional $2 billion of our common stock. we currently expect to continue repurchasing our common stock on a quarterly basis; however, future stock repurchases under the current program are at the discretion of management, and authorization of future stock repurchase programs is subject to the final determination of our board of directors.
we have continued to pay quarterly cash dividends on shares of our outstanding common stock. during fiscal 2021 we declared cash dividends that totaled $2.36 per share of outstanding common stock or approximately $651 million. in august 2021 our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.68 per share of outstanding common stock payable on october 18, 2021 to stockholders of records at the close of business on october 11, 2021. we currently expect to continue paying comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our board of directors.
business combinations on december 3, 2020 we acquired credit karma for total consideration of $8.1 billion which included assumed equity awards and restricted shares subject to a revest provision.
the fair value of the purchase consideration totaled $7.2 billion and included $3.4 billion in cash, 10.6 million shares of intuit common stock with a fair value of $3.8 billion and assumed equity awards for services rendered through the acquisition date of $47 million.
we also issued shares of common stock with a fair value of $275 million which are restricted due to a revest provision, and will be expensed over a service period of three years. the share-based compensation expense related to these restricted shares is non-deductible for income tax purposes. additionally, we assumed equity awards for future services with a fair value of $663 million that are being charged to expense over the remaining service periods, which average approximately three years.
the fair value of the stock consideration is based on the december 2, 2020 closing price of intuit common stock of $355.49.
as part of the merger agreement, following the close of the transaction, we issued approximately $300 million of restricted stock units to the employees of credit karma, which will be charged to expense over a service period of four years.
tables of contents credit karma operates as a separate reportable segment. we have included the financial results of credit karma in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. see note 6 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
commitments for senior unsecured notes in june 2020, we issued $2 billion of senior unsecured notes comprised of the following:
•$500 million of 0.650% notes due july 2023;
•$500 million of 0.950% notes due july 2025;
•$500 million of 1.350% notes due july 2027; and
•$500 million of 1.650% notes due july 2030 (together, the notes).
interest is payable semiannually on january 15 and july 15 of each year. at july 31, 2021, our maximum commitment for interest payments under the notes was $140 million through the maturity dates.
the notes are senior unsecured obligations of intuit and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of intuit and are redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. upon the occurrence of change of control transactions that are accompanied by certain downgrades in the credit ratings of the notes, we will be required to repurchase the notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate outstanding principal plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but not including the date of repurchase. the indenture governing the notes requires us to comply with certain covenants. for example, the notes limit our ability to create certain liens and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. as of july 31, 2021 we were compliant with all covenants governing the notes. see note 8 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
credit facilities unsecured revolving credit facility and term loan on may 2, 2019 we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with certain institutional lenders for a credit facility with an aggregate principal amount of $1.4 billion, including a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on may 2, 2024 and a $400 million unsecured term loan that matured on february 1, 2021.
under the amended and restated credit agreement we may, subject to certain customary conditions including lender approval, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the unsecured revolving credit facility in an amount not to exceed $250 million in the aggregate and may extend the maturity date up to two times. advances under the unsecured revolving credit facility accrue interest at rates that are equal to, at our election, either bank of america's alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.1% or the london interbank offered rate (libor) plus a margin that ranges from 0.69% to 1.1%. actual margins under either election will be based on our senior debt credit ratings. in may 2020, we borrowed the full $1 billion under the unsecured revolving credit facility and during the first quarter of fiscal 2021 we repaid the outstanding balance. at july 31, 2021, no amounts were outstanding under the unsecured revolving credit facility. we currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it. we monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility.
on february 1, 2021, we paid the $325 million remaining balance of the term loan upon maturity and at july 31, 2021, no amount was outstanding.the term loan accrued interest at rates that are equal to, at our election, either bank of america's alternate base rate plus a margin that ranges from 0.0% to 0.125% or libor plus a margin that ranges from 0.625% to 1.125%. under this agreement we may, subject to certain customary conditions including lender approval, on one or more occasions increase commitments under the term loan in an amount not to exceed $400 million in the aggregate. this option continues to be available to us through the maturity of the amended and restated credit agreement.
the amended and restated credit agreement includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require us to maintain a ratio of total gross debt to annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00 as of any date and a ratio of annual ebitda to annual interest expense of not less than 3.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. as of july 31, 2021 we were compliant with all required covenants.
tables of contents libor to the secured overnight finance rate (sofr) plus related benchmark adjustments that represent the prevailing market convention for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities. the agreement includes certain affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants that require the subsidiary to maintain specified financial ratios. as of july 31, 2021 we were compliant with all required covenants. at july 31, 2021, $48 million was outstanding under this facility and the weighted-average interest rate was 3.21%, which includes the interest on the unused committed portion. the outstanding balance is secured by cash and receivables of the subsidiary totaling $199 million.
cash held by foreign subsidiaries our cash, cash equivalents and investments totaled $3.9 billion at july 31, 2021. approximately 8% of those funds were held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. these foreign funds were located primarily in canada, the united kingdom, and india. as a result of the 2017 tax act we do not expect to pay incremental u.s. taxes on repatriation. we have recorded income tax expense for canada and india withholding taxes on earnings that are not permanently reinvested. in the event that funds from foreign operations are repatriated to the united states, we would pay withholding taxes at that time.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our known contractual obligations to make future payments at july 31, 2021:
(in millions)                                                           1 year                  years                  years                    5 years                    total amounts due under executive deferred compensation plan              $153                       $-                     $-                       $-                       $153
operating leases (1)                                                  76                      159                    107                      139                        481
(1)includes operating leases for facilities and equipment. amounts do not include $41 million of future sublease income or $43 million in minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. we had no significant finance leases at july 31, 2021. see note 9 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report for more information.
(2)represents agreements to purchase products and services that are enforceable, legally binding and specify terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the payments.
(3)other long-term obligations on our consolidated balance sheet at july 31, 2021 included long-term income tax liabilities of $24 million which related primarily to unrecognized tax benefits. we have not included this amount in the table above because we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of settlements with taxing authorities, if any.
recent accounting pronouncements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 1 to the financial statements in item 8 of this annual report.
tables of contents