item 1a.     risk factors.
you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
risks related to our business and industry the cyclicality and volatility of the industries in which we participate may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results.
our business operations are subject to the cyclical and volatile nature of the supply-demand balance in the chemical and refining industries. our future operating results are expected to continue to be affected by this cyclicality and volatility. the chemical and refining industries historically have experienced alternating periods of capacity shortages, causing prices and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of excess capacity, resulting in oversupply, declining capacity utilization rates and declining prices and profit margins.
in addition to changes in the supply and demand for products, changes in energy prices and other worldwide economic conditions can cause volatility. these factors result in significant fluctuations in profits and cash flow from period to period and over business cycles.
new capacity additions around the world may lead to periods of oversupply and lower profitability. the timing and extent of any changes to currently prevailing market conditions are uncertain and supply and demand may be unbalanced at any time. as a consequence, we are unable to accurately predict the extent or duration of future industry cycles or their effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
a sustained decrease in the price of crude oil may adversely impact the results of our operations, primarily in north america.
energy costs generally follow price trends of crude oil and natural gas. these price trends may be highly volatile and cyclical. in the past, raw material and energy costs have experienced significant fluctuations that adversely affected our business segments' results of operations. for example, we have benefited from the favorable ratio of u.s. crude oil prices to natural gas prices in the past. if the price of crude oil remains lower relative to u.s. natural gas prices or if the demand for natural gas and ngls increases, this may have a negative impact on our results of operations.
costs and limitations on supply of raw materials and energy may result in increased operating expenses.
the costs of raw materials and energy represent a substantial portion of our operating expenses. due to the significant competition we face and the commodity nature of many of our products we are not always able to pass on raw material and energy cost increases to our customers. when we do have the ability to pass on the cost increases, we are not always able to do so quickly enough to avoid adverse impacts on our results of operations.
cost increases for raw materials, energy, or broad-based price inflation, also may increase working capital needs, which could reduce our liquidity and cash flow. even if we are able to increase our sales prices to reflect these increases, demand for products may decrease as consumers and customers reduce their consumption or use substitute products, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, producers in natural gas cost-advantaged regions, such as the middle east and north america, benefit from the lower prices of natural gas and ngls. competition from producers in these regions may cause us to reduce exports from europe and elsewhere. any such reductions may increase competition for product sales within europe and other markets, which can result in lower margins in those regions.
for some of our raw materials and utilities there are a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, the supplies are specific to the particular geographic region in which a facility is located. it is also common in the chemical and refining industries for a facility to have a sole, dedicated source for its utilities, such as steam, electricity and gas. having a sole or limited number of suppliers may limit our negotiating power, particularly in the case of rising raw material costs. any new supply agreements we enter into may not have terms as favorable as those contained in our current supply agreements.
additionally, there is growing concern over the reliability of water sources, including around the u.s. gulf coast where several of our facilities are located. the decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of population growth, drought or regulation could negatively impact our operations, including by impacting our ability to produce or transport our products.
if our raw material or utility supplies were disrupted, our businesses may incur increased costs to procure alternative supplies or incur excessive downtime, which would have a negative impact on plant operations. disruptions of supplies may occur as a result of transportation issues resulting from natural disasters, water levels, and interruptions in marine water routes, among other causes, that can affect the operations of vessels, barges, rails, trucks and pipeline traffic. these risks are particularly prevalent in the u.s. gulf coast area. additionally, increasing exports of ngls and crude oil from the u.s. or greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could restrict the availability of our raw materials, thereby increasing our costs.
with increased volatility in raw material costs, our suppliers could impose more onerous terms on us, resulting in shorter payment cycles and increasing our working capital requirements.
our ability to source raw materials may be adversely affected by political instability, civil disturbances or other governmental actions.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from sources in the middle east and central and south america that may be less politically stable than other areas in which we conduct business. political instability, civil disturbances and actions by governments in these areas are more likely to substantially increase the price and decrease the supply of raw materials necessary for our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
incidents of civil unrest, including terrorist attacks and demonstrations that have been marked by violence, have occurred in a number of countries in the middle east and south america. some political regimes in these countries are threatened or have changed as a result of such unrest. political instability and civil unrest could continue to spread in the region and involve other areas. such unrest, if it continues to spread or grow in intensity, could lead to civil wars, regional conflicts or regime changes resulting in governments that are hostile to countries in which we conduct substantial business, such as in the u.s., europe or their respective trading partners.
our business is capital intensive and we rely on cash generated from operations and external financing to fund our growth and ongoing capital needs. limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results.
we require significant capital to operate our current business and fund our growth strategy. moreover, interest payments, dividends, capital requirements of our joint ventures, the expansion of our current business or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital. if we need external financing, our access to credit markets and pricing of our capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies and the state of the capital markets generally. there can be no assurances that we would be able to incur indebtedness on terms we deem acceptable, and it is possible that the cost of any financings could increase significantly, thereby increasing our expenses and decreasing our net income. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or raise adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, we could be forced to restrict our operations and growth opportunities, which could adversely affect our operating results.
we may use our $3,250 million revolving credit facility, which backs our commercial paper program, to meet our cash needs, to the extent available. as of december 31, 2021, we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the facility and $204 million, net of discount, outstanding under our commercial paper program, leaving an unused and available credit capacity of $3,046 million. we may also meet our cash needs by selling receivables under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. as of december 31, 2021, we had availability of $900 million under this facility. in the event of a default under our credit facilities or any of our senior notes, we could be required to immediately repay all outstanding borrowings and make cash deposits as collateral for all obligations the facility supports, which we may not be able to do. any default under any of our credit arrangements could cause a default under many of our other credit agreements and debt instruments. without waivers from lenders party to those agreements, any such default could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue to operate.
risks related to our operations our operations are subject to risks inherent in chemical and refining businesses, and we could be subject to liabilities for which we are not fully insured or that are not otherwise mitigated.
we maintain property, business interruption, product, general liability, casualty and other types of insurance that we believe are appropriate for our business and operations as well as in line with industry practices. however, we are not fully insured against all potential hazards incident to our business, including losses resulting from natural disasters or climate-related exposures, wars or terrorist acts. changes in insurance market conditions have caused, and may in the future cause, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies to increase substantially and, in some instances, for certain insurance to become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, we might not be able to finance the amount of the uninsured liability on terms acceptable to us or at all, and might be obligated to divert a significant portion of our cash flow from normal business operations.
our business, including our results of operations and reputation, could be adversely affected by safety or product liability issues.
failure to appropriately manage safety, human health, product liability and environmental risks associated with our products, product life cycles and production processes could adversely impact employees, communities, stakeholders, our reputation and our results of operations. public perception of the risks associated with our products and production processes could impact product acceptance and influence the regulatory environment in which we operate. while we have procedures and controls to manage safety risks, issues could be created by events outside of our control, including natural disasters, severe weather events and acts of sabotage.
further, because a part of our business involves licensing polyolefin process technology, our licensees are exposed to similar risks involved in the manufacture and marketing of polyolefins. hazardous incidents involving our licensees, if they do result or are perceived to result from use of our technologies, may harm our reputation, threaten our relationships with other licensees and/or lead to customer attrition and financial losses. our policy of covering these risks through contractual limitations of liability and indemnities and through insurance may not always be effective. as a result, our financial condition and results of operation would be adversely affected, and other companies with competing technologies may have the opportunity to secure a competitive advantage.
interruptions of operations at our facilities may result in increased liabilities or lower operating results.
we own and operate large-scale facilities. our operating results are dependent on the continued operation of our various production facilities and the ability to complete construction and maintenance projects on schedule. interruptions at our facilities may materially reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, or our business as a whole, during and after the period of such operational difficulties. in recent years, we have had to shut down plants on the u.s. gulf coast, including the temporary shutdown of a portion of our houston refinery, as a result of various hurricanes striking texas and louisiana. in addition, because the houston refinery is our only refining operation, an outage at the refinery could have a particularly negative impact on our operating results as we do not have the ability to increase refining production elsewhere.
although we take precautions to enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemical manufacturing and refining and the related storage and transportation of raw materials, products and wastes. these potential hazards include:
•supplier disruptions;
•increased restrictions on, or the unavailability of, water for use at our manufacturing sites or for the transport of our products or raw materials;
•discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases;
•shipment of incorrect or off-specification product to customers;
•other environmental risks; and
some of these hazards may cause severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment or personal injury and loss of life and may result in suspension of operations or the shutdown of affected facilities.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate significantly between the project approval date and the project startup date, negatively impacting project returns. if we are unable to complete capital projects at their expected costs and in a timely manner, or if the market conditions assumed in our project economics deteriorate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results. for example, higher costs arising from the delayed construction of our world-scale po/tba plant in houston due to covid-19, more extensive civil construction, and unexpected tariffs on materials are expected to add approximately 40 to 50% to our original cost estimate for the project, impacting our projected rate of return on the project. delays in making required changes or upgrades to our facilities could subject us to fines or penalties as well as affect our ability to contract with our customers and supply certain products we produce. such delays or cost increases may arise as a result of unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
•denial of or delay in receiving requisite regulatory approvals and/or permits;
•unplanned increases in the cost of construction materials or labor;
•disruptions in transportation of components or construction materials;
•adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or other events (such as equipment malfunctions, explosions, fires or spills) affecting our facilities, or those of vendors or suppliers;
•shortages of sufficiently skilled labor, or labor disagreements resulting in unplanned work stoppages; and
•nonperformance by, or disputes with, vendors, suppliers, contractors or subcontractors.
any one or more of these factors could have a significant impact on our ongoing capital projects. if we were unable to make up the delays associated with such factors or to recover the related costs, or if market conditions change, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
shared control or lack of control of joint ventures may delay decisions or actions regarding our joint ventures.
a portion of our operations are conducted through joint ventures, where control may be exercised by or shared with unaffiliated third parties. we cannot control the actions or ownership of our joint venture partners, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of joint venture partners. the joint ventures that we do not control may also lack financial reporting systems to provide adequate and timely information for our reporting purposes.
our joint venture partners may have different interests or goals than we do and may take actions contrary to our requests, policies or objectives. differences in views among the joint venture participants also may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major matters, potentially adversely affecting the business and operations of the joint ventures and in turn our business and operations. we may develop a dispute with any of our partners over decisions affecting the venture that may result in litigation, arbitration or some other form of dispute resolution. if a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may be required to record material charges against our earnings due to any number of events that could cause impairments to our assets.
we may be required to reduce production or idle facilities for extended periods of time or exit certain businesses as a result of the cyclical nature of our industry. specifically, oversupplies of or lack of demand for particular products or high raw material prices may cause us to reduce production. we may choose to reduce production at certain facilities because we have off-take arrangements at other facilities, which make any reductions or idling unavailable at those facilities. any decision to permanently close facilities or exit a business would likely result in impairment and other charges to earnings. for example, in the fourth quarter of 2021, our refining segment recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $624 million related to our houston refinery driven by our ongoing evaluation of strategic options for the houston refinery.
temporary outages at our facilities can last for several quarters and sometimes longer. these outages could cause us to incur significant costs, including the expenses of maintaining and restarting these facilities. in addition, we have significant obligations under take-or-pay agreements. even though we may reduce production at facilities, we may be required to continue to purchase or pay for utilities or raw materials under these arrangements.
integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price.
we have made and may continue to make acquisitions in order to enhance our business. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including meeting our standards for compliance, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, and potential loss of key employees.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. the integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues, synergies, or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we do not manage and operate the acquired business up to our expectations. if we are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
risks related to the global economy and multinational operations economic disruptions and downturns in general, and particularly continued global economic uncertainty or economic turmoil in emerging markets, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
our results of operations can be materially affected by adverse conditions in the financial markets and depressed economic conditions generally. economic downturns in the businesses and geographic areas in which we sell our products could substantially reduce demand for our products and result in decreased sales volumes and increased credit risk. recessionary environments adversely affect our business because demand for our products is reduced, particularly from our customers in industrial markets generally and the automotive and housing industries specifically, and may result in higher costs of capital. a significant portion of our revenues and earnings are derived from our business in europe. in addition, most of our european transactions and assets, including cash reserves and receivables, are denominated in euros.
we also derive significant revenues from our business in emerging markets, particularly the emerging markets in asia and south america. any broad-based downturn in these emerging markets, or in a key market such as china, could require us to reduce export volumes into these markets and could also require us to divert product sales to less profitable markets. any of these conditions could ultimately harm our overall business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
we sell products in highly competitive global markets and face significant price pressures.
we sell our products in highly competitive global markets. due to the commodity nature of many of our products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price and, to a lesser extent, on product performance, product quality, product deliverability, reliability of supply and customer service. often, we are not able to protect our market position for these products by product differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers due to the significant competition in our business.
in addition, we face increased competition from companies that may have greater financial resources and different cost structures or strategic goals than us. these include large integrated oil companies (some of which also have chemical businesses), government-owned businesses, and companies that receive subsidies or other government incentives to produce certain products in a specified geographic region. continuing competition from these companies, especially in our olefin and refining businesses, could limit our ability to increase product sales prices in response to raw material and other cost increases, or could cause us to reduce product sales prices to compete effectively, which would reduce our profitability. competitors with different cost structures or strategic goals than we have may be able to invest significant capital into their businesses, including expenditures for research and development. in addition, specialty products we produce may become commoditized over time. increased competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volumes, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, exchange controls, political risks and other risks relating to international operations.
we operate internationally and are subject to the risks of doing business on a global level. these risks include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and the imposition of trade restrictions or duties and tariffs, and complex regulations concerning privacy and data security. additional risks from our multinational business include transportation delays and interruptions, war, terrorist activities, epidemics, pandemics, political instability, import and export controls, sanctions, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest and current and changing regulatory environments.
we generate revenues from export sales and operations that may be denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional currency. exchange rates between these currencies and functional currencies in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. it is possible that fluctuations in exchange rates will result in reduced operating results. additionally, we operate with the objective of having our worldwide cash available in the locations where it is needed, including the united kingdom for our parent company's significant cash obligations as a result of dividend payments. it is possible that we may not always be able to provide cash to other jurisdictions when needed or that such transfers of cash could be subject to additional taxes, including withholding taxes.
our operating results could be negatively affected by the laws, rules and regulations, as well as political environments, in the jurisdictions in which we operate. there could be reduced demand for our products, decreases in the prices at which we can sell our products and disruptions of production or other operations. trade protection measures such as quotas, duties, tariffs, safeguard measures or anti-dumping duties imposed in the countries in which we operate could negatively impact our business. additionally, there may be substantial capital and other costs to comply with regulations and/or increased security costs or insurance premiums, any of which could reduce our operating results.
we obtain a portion of our principal raw materials from international sources that are subject to these same risks. our compliance with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject could be challenged. furthermore, these laws may be modified, the result of which may be to prevent or limit subsidiaries from transferring cash to us.
furthermore, we are subject to certain existing, and may be subject to possible future, laws that limit or may limit our activities while some of our competitors may not be subject to such laws, which may adversely affect our competitiveness.
changes in tax laws and regulations could affect our tax rate and our results of operations.
we are a tax resident in the united kingdom and are subject to the united kingdom corporate income tax system. lyondellbasell industries n.v. has little or no taxable income of its own because, as a holding company, it does not conduct any operations. through our subsidiaries, we have substantial operations world-wide. taxes are primarily paid on the earnings generated in various jurisdictions where our subsidiaries operate, including the u.s., the netherlands, germany, france and italy.
there continues to be increased attention to the tax practices of multinational companies, including u.s tax reform proposals, european union's state aid investigations, pillar one and two proposals by the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") with respect to base erosion and profit shifting, and european union tax directives and their implementation. although certain actions have occurred, there continues to be uncertainty as to the enactment and implementation of u.s. tax reform proposals and the oecd's pillars one and two. we continue to monitor these and other proposed tax law changes as they could increase our tax liabilities in the future, if enacted.
risks related to health, safety, and the environment we cannot predict with certainty the extent of future costs under environmental, health and safety and other laws and regulations, and cannot guarantee they will not be material.
we may face liability arising out of the normal course of business, including alleged personal injury or property damage due to exposure to chemicals or other hazardous substances at our current or former facilities or chemicals that we manufacture, handle or own. in addition, because our products are components of a variety of other end-use products, we, along with other members of the chemical industry, are subject to potential claims related to those end-use products. any substantial increase in the success of these types of claims could negatively affect our operating results.
we are subject to extensive national, regional, state and local environmental laws, regulations, directives, rules and ordinances concerning:
•the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials.
many of these laws and regulations provide for substantial fines and potential criminal sanctions for violations. some of these laws and regulations are subject to varying and conflicting interpretations. in addition, some of these laws and regulations require us to meet specific financial responsibility requirements. any substantial liability for environmental damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
although we have compliance programs and other processes intended to ensure compliance with all such regulations, we are subject to the risk that our compliance with such regulations could be challenged. non-compliance with certain of these regulations could result in the incurrence of additional costs, penalties or assessments that could be material.
our industry is subject to extensive government regulation, and existing, or future regulations may restrict our operations, increase our costs of operations or require us to make additional capital expenditures.
compliance with regulatory requirements will result in higher operating costs, such as regulatory requirements relating to emissions, the security of our facilities, and the transportation, export or registration of our products. we generally expect that regulatory controls worldwide will become increasingly more demanding, but cannot accurately predict future developments.
increasingly strict environmental laws and inspection and enforcement policies, could affect the handling, manufacture, use, emission or disposal of products, other materials or hazardous and non-hazardous waste. stricter environmental, safety and health laws, regulations and enforcement policies could result in increased operating costs or capital expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations. additionally, we are required to have permits for our businesses and are subject to licensing regulations. these permits and licenses are subject to renewal, modification and in some circumstances, revocation. further, the permits and licenses are often difficult, time consuming and costly to obtain and could contain conditions that limit our operations.
we may incur substantial costs to comply with climate change legislation and related regulatory initiatives.
there has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated international, national and state laws focusing on greenhouse gas ("ghg") reduction. these proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. laws and regulations in this field continue to evolve and, while they are likely to be increasingly widespread and stringent, at this stage it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. under the 2015 paris agreement, parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change agreed to undertake ambitious efforts to reduce ghg emissions and strengthen adaptation to the effects of climate change. in february 2021, the u.s. recommitted to the paris agreement after having withdrawn in august 2017. other regions in which we operate, including, in particular, the european union, are preparing national legislation and protection plans to implement their emission reduction commitments under the agreement. in december 2019, the european union member countries endorsed the objective to make the european union climate-neutral by 2050 and a year later agreed to cut ghg emissions by at least 55% by 2030 (compared with 1990). both commitments were enshrined in june 2021 in the european union climate law. in addition, non-governmental organizations have been active in filing lawsuits against governments and private parties in various jurisdictions around the world seeking enforcement of existing laws and new requirements to reduce ghg emissions. in one case decided in the netherlands in may 2021, plaintiffs obtained a ruling ordering royal dutch shell to reduce its scope 1, 2 and 3 co2 emissions by 45% by 2030. these types of laws, regulations, and litigation results could increase the cost of purchased energy and increase costs of compliance in various locations.
our operations in europe participate in the european union emissions trading system ("ets") and we purchase annual emission allowances to meet our obligations. following the adoption of the climate law, additional legislation is proposed to meet the new 2030 goals. in light of these changes resulting from the commencement of ets phase iv in 2021, we expect to incur additional costs in relation to future carbon or ghg emission trading schemes.
in the u.s., the epa promulgated federal ghg regulations under the clean air act affecting certain sources. the epa issued mandatory ghg reporting requirements, requirements to obtain ghg permits for certain industrial plants and ghg performance standards for some facilities. addressing climate change is a stated priority of president biden and as such additional regulations and legislation are likely to be forthcoming at the u.s. federal or state level that could result in increased operating costs for compliance, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances. additionally, demand for the products we produce may be reduced.
compliance with these regulations may result in increased permitting necessary for the operation of our business or for any of our growth plans. difficulties in obtaining such permits could have an adverse effect on our future growth. therefore, any future potential regulations, legislation, or litigation results could impose additional operating restrictions or delays in implementing growth projects or other capital investments, require us to incur increased costs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
legislation and regulatory initiatives could lead to a decrease in demand for our products.
new or revised governmental regulations and independent studies relating to the effect of our products on health, safety and the environment may affect demand for our products and the cost of producing our products. initiatives by governments and private interest groups will potentially require increased toxicological testing and risk assessments of a wide variety of chemicals, including chemicals used or produced by us. for example, in the united states, the national toxicology program ("ntp") is a federal interagency program that seeks to identify and select for study chemicals and other substances to evaluate potential human health hazards. in the european union, the regulation on registration, evaluation, authorisation and restriction of chemicals ("reach") is regulation designed to identify the intrinsic properties of chemical substances, assess hazards and risks of the substances, and identify and implement the risk management measures to protect humans and the environment. in october 2020, the european commission published a chemicals strategy for sustainability, which set forth plans for introducing significant changes to reach that could result in additional restrictions on chemicals used or produced by us.
assessments under ntp, reach or similar programs or regulations in other jurisdictions may result in heightened concerns about the chemicals we use or produce and may result in additional requirements being placed on the production, handling, labeling or use of those chemicals. such concerns and additional requirements could also increase the cost incurred by our customers to use our chemical products and otherwise limit the use of these products, which could lead to a decrease in demand for these products. such a decrease in demand could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
the physical impacts of climate change can negatively impact our facilities and operations.
potential physical impacts of climate change include increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and floods as well as freezing conditions, tornadoes, and global sea level rise. although we have preparedness plans in place designed to minimize impacts and enhance safety, should an event occur, it could have the potential to disrupt our supply chain and operations. a number of our facilities are located on the u.s. gulf coast, which has been impacted by hurricanes that have required us to temporarily shut down operations at those sites. our sites rely on rivers for transportation that may experience restrictions in times of drought or other unseasonal weather variation. in addition, scarcity of water and drought conditions due to climate change could reduce the availability of fresh water needed to produce our products which could increase our costs of operations.
increased regulation or deselection of plastic could lead to a decrease in demand growth for some of our products.
there is a growing concern with the accumulation of plastic, including microplastics, and other packaging waste in the environment. additionally, plastics have recently faced increased public backlash and scrutiny. policy measures to address this concern are being discussed or implemented by governments at all levels. in 2019, the international treaty governing transboundary shipments of waste, the basel convention, was amended to clarify its applicability to plastic waste. the european commission has been undertaking a series of actions under its strategy for plastics in a circular economy, including adoption of the single use plastics directive in 2019, which introduced policy measures for single use plastics including bans, product design requirements, extended producer responsibility obligations, and labeling requirements. member states were required to transpose these measures into national law by july 2021. in addition, a host of single-use plastic bans and taxes have been passed by countries around the world and counties and municipalities throughout the u.s. increased regulation of, or prohibition on, the use of certain plastic products could increase the costs incurred by our customers to use such products or otherwise limit the use of these products, and could lead to a decrease in demand for pe, pp, and other products we make. such a decrease in demand could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.
in september 2021, we set new sustainability goals for the future, including with respect to circularity and ghg emissions reduction. our ability to achieve these goals depends on many factors, including our ability to reduce emissions from our operations through modernization and innovation, reduce the emissions intensity of the electricity we buy, and invest in renewables and low carbon energy. in addition, any future decarbonization technologies may increase our costs, or we may be limited in our ability to apply them to commercial scale. we may also not timely adapt to changes or methods in carbon pricing that could increase our costs and reduce our competitiveness. the cost associated with our ghg emissions reduction goals could be significant. failure to achieve our emissions targets could result in reputational harm, changing investor sentiment regarding investment in lyondellbasell or a negative impact on access to and cost of capital.
general risk factors the covid-19 pandemic could continue to materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in early 2020, the covid-19 pandemic spread to countries worldwide and resulted in governments and other authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the disease, such as travel bans and restrictions, social distancing, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and business shutdowns, among others. these measures caused significant economic disruption and adversely impacted the global economy, leading to reduced consumer spending and volatility in the global financial and commodities markets. a return to more ordinary course of economic activity is dependent on the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic, including the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment efforts, including the spread of virus variants such as delta and omicron, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, and future policy decisions made by governments across the globe as they react to evolving local and global conditions.
while we continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers, business partners, and local communities) to attempt to mitigate the impact of the global pandemic on our business, we cannot assure that these mitigation efforts will continue to be effective or successful. an extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of the covid-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition.
increased it and cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, data, products, facilities and services.
increased global information cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated, targeted computer crime pose a risk to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, operations and infrastructure. while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including security measures, employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our employees, systems, networks, products, facilities and services remain potentially vulnerable to ransomware, sophisticated espionage or cyber-assault. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
many of our businesses depend on our intellectual property. our future success will depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and our inability to do so could reduce our ability to maintain our competitiveness and margins.
we have a significant worldwide patent portfolio of issued and pending patents. these patents and patent applications, together with proprietary technical know-how, are significant to our competitive position, particularly with regard to po, intermediate chemicals, polyolefins, licensing and catalysts. we rely on the patent, copyright and trade secret laws of the countries in which we operate to protect our investment in research and development, manufacturing and marketing. we operate plants, sell catalysts and products, participate in joint ventures, and license our process technology in many foreign jurisdictions, including those having heightened risks for intellectual property. in some of these instances, we must disclose at least a portion of our technology to third parties or regulatory bodies. in these cases, we rely primarily on contracts and trade secret laws to protect the associated trade secrets. however, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without authorization. proceedings to protect these rights could be costly, and we may not prevail.
the failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, apparatuses, technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how could result in significantly lower revenues, reduced profit margins and cash flows and/or loss of market share. we also may be subject to claims that our technology, patents or other intellectual property infringes on a third party's intellectual property rights. unfavorable resolution of these claims could result in restrictions on our ability to deliver the related service or in a settlement that could be material to us.
adverse results of legal proceedings could materially adversely affect us.
we are subject to and may in the future be subject to a variety of legal proceedings and claims that arise out of the ordinary conduct of our business. results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. irrespective of its merits, litigation may be both lengthy and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expenditure and diversion of management attention. we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations should we fail to prevail in certain matters.
if we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, and we rely heavily on our management team. the inability to recruit and retain key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
there is substantial and continuous competition for diverse, talented engineering, manufacturing, and operations employees. we may not be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel, and we may experience increased compensation and training costs that may not be offset by either improved productivity or higher sales. we have from time to time experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and may not be able to fill positions in desired geographic areas or at all.
significant changes in pension fund investment performance or assumptions relating to pension costs may adversely affect the valuation of pension obligations, the funded status of pension plans, and our pension cost.
our pension cost is materially affected by the discount rates used to measure pension obligations, the level of plan assets available to fund those obligations at the measurement date and the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. significant changes in investment performance or a change in the portfolio mix of invested assets may result in corresponding increases and decreases in the value of plan assets, particularly equity securities, or in a change of the expected rate of return on plan assets. any changes in key actuarial assumptions, such as the discount rate or mortality rate, would impact the valuation of pension obligations, affecting the reported funded status of our pension plans as well as the net periodic pension cost in the following fiscal years.
nearly all of our current pension plans have projected benefit obligations that exceed the fair value of the plan assets. as of december 31, 2021, the aggregate deficit was $1,015 million. any declines in the fair values of the pension plans' assets could require additional payments by us in order to maintain specified funding levels.
our pension plans are subject to legislative and regulatory requirements of applicable jurisdictions, which could include, under certain circumstances, local governmental authority to terminate the plan.
see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding pensions and other post-retirement benefits.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general this discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our consolidated financial statements, and the accompanying notes elsewhere in this report. unless otherwise indicated, the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar words are used to refer to lyondellbasell industries n.v. together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("lyondellbasell n.v.").
the discussion summarizing the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2019, can be found in part ii, "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 25, 2021, of which item 7 is incorporated herein by reference.
overview our 2021 results reflect robust demand for our products and tight market conditions. during 2021 relative to 2020, ebitda increased largely due to margin improvements in our o&p-americas, o&p-eai and i&d segments.
our 2021 cash generation allowed us to complete our goal of reducing long-term debt by $4 billion during the year and demonstrated our commitment to a solid investment-grade credit rating. we do not plan to pursue further long-term debt reduction in 2022. during 2021, we repurchased 5.2 million shares and increased our annual dividend for the eleventh consecutive year.
during the second quarter of 2021, we invested $104 million to purchase a 50% interest in a joint venture with the china petroleum & chemical corporation ("sinopec") which will commission a new propylene oxide and styrene monomer unit in china in 2022.
results of operations for the periods discussed are presented in the table below.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                                            2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues                                     $46,173                         $27,753
cost of sales                                                           37,397                          24,359
impairments                                                                624                             582
research and development expenses                                          124                             113
operating income                                                         6,773                           1,559
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                                1,163                            (43)
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                              (6)                             (2)
results of operations revenues-revenues increased $18,420 million, or 66%, in 2021 compared to 2020. average sales prices in 2021 were higher for many of our products as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which increased relative to 2020. these higher prices led to a 62% increase in revenue. higher sales volumes, driven by increased demand, resulted in a revenue increase of 3%. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 1%.
cost of sales-cost of sales increased $13,038 million, or 54%, in 2021 compared to 2020. this increase primarily related to higher feedstock and energy costs. fluctuations in our cost of sales are generally driven by changes in feedstock and energy costs. feedstock and energy related costs generally represent approximately 70% to 80% of cost of sales, other variable costs account for approximately 10% of cost of sales on an annual basis and fixed operating costs, consisting primarily of expenses associated with employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and maintenance, range from approximately 15% to 20% in each annual period.
impairments-results for our refining segment include non-cash impairment charges of $624 million and $582 million recognized in 2021 and 2020, respectively. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding impairment charges.
operating income-operating income increased by $5,214 million or 334% in 2021 compared to 2020. in 2021, operating income increased for our o&p-americas, o&p-eai, i&d, refining, technology and aps segments by $3,382 million, $816 million, $466 million, $328 million, $184 million and $60 million, respectively. results for each of our business segments are discussed further in the segment analysis section below.
income from equity investments-income from equity method investments increased $205 million, or 80%, in 2021 compared to 2020. higher demand coupled with industry supply constraints resulted in improved margins for our joint ventures in our o&p-americas and o&p-eai segments.
income taxes-our effective income tax rates of 17.1% in 2021 and -3.1% in 2020 resulted in a tax provision of $1,163 million and a tax benefit of $43 million, respectively.
the 2021 effective income tax rate of 17.1%, which is lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 21%, was favorably impacted by exempt income (-4.5%), return to accrual adjustments primarily from a tax benefit associated with an election made in 2021 to step-up certain italian assets to fair market value retroactively (-1.8%) and the impact of the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security ("cares") act (-0.9%) partially offset by the effects of earnings in various countries, notably in europe, with higher statutory tax rates (1.1%) and u.s. state and local income taxes (1.2%).
the 2020 effective income tax rate of -3.1%, which is lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 21%, was favorably impacted by tax law changes including the cares act (-21.5%) coupled with exempt income (-10.4%), partially offset by changes in unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions (7.0%).
during 2021 and 2020, we recorded an overall tax benefit in relation to the cares act of approximately $64 million and $300 million, respectively, due to our 2020 u.s. tax losses which we carried back to tax years with a higher tax rate. for additional information, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
comprehensive income-we had comprehensive income of $5,757 million in 2021 and $1,268 million in 2020. comprehensive income increased by $4,489 million in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to higher net income, net favorable changes in defined pension and other post-retirement benefits, and net favorable impacts of financial derivative instruments primarily driven by periodic changes in benchmark interest rates. these increases were partially offset by net unfavorable impacts of unrealized changes in foreign currency translation adjustments.
we recognized defined benefit pension and other post-retirement benefit plans pre-tax gains of $291 million and pre-tax losses of $51 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. in 2021, changes in actuarial assumptions, primarily related to an increase in discount rates and higher actual returns versus expected returns on plan assets, resulted in a pre-tax gain of $214 million. in 2021, pre-tax gains of $77 million related to the amortization of accumulated actuarial losses and settlements were reclassified to other income, net. in 2020, pre-tax losses of $109 million were recognized due to the decrease in discount rates and higher actual returns versus expected returns on plan assets. pre-tax losses were partially offset by pre-tax gains of $58 million, primarily due to amortization of accumulated actuarial losses reclassified to other income, net.
in 2021, the cumulative after-tax effect of our derivatives designated as cash flow hedges was a net gain of $72 million. the weakening of the euro against the u.s. dollar in 2021 and periodic changes in benchmark interest rates resulted in a pre-tax gain of $207 million related to our cross-currency swaps. in 2021, pre-tax losses of $216 million related to our cross-currency swaps were reclassified to other income, net. in 2021, we recognized pre-tax gains of $75 million related to forward-starting interest rate swaps primarily driven by changes in benchmark interest rates. the remaining change relates to our commodity cash flow hedges.
the predominant functional currency for our operations outside of the u.s. is the euro. relative to the u.s. dollar, the value of the euro weakened during 2021, resulting in net losses related to unrealized changes in foreign currency translation impacts which are reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. these losses were partially offset by a pre-tax gain of $199 million related to the effective portion of our net investment hedges.
segment analysis we use earnings from continuing operations before interest, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") as our measure of profitability for segment reporting purposes. this measure of segment operating results is used by our chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of, and allocate resources to, our operating segments. intersegment eliminations and items that are not directly related or allocated to business operations, such as foreign exchange gains (losses) and components of pension and other post-retirement benefit costs other than service cost, are included in "other." for additional information related to our operating segments, as well as a reconciliation of ebitda to its nearest generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") measure, income from continuing operations before income taxes, see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.
our continuing operations are managed through six reportable segments: o&p-americas, o&p-eai, i&d, aps, refining and technology. the following tables reflect selected financial information for our reportable segments.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                             2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues:
operating income (loss):
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                                   2021                            2020
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin.
ethylene raw materials-ethylene and its co-products are produced from two major raw material groups:
•ngls, principally ethane and propane, the prices of which are generally affected by natural gas prices; and
•crude oil-based liquids ("liquids" or "heavy liquids"), including naphtha, condensates and gas oils, the prices of which are generally related to crude oil prices.
we have flexibility to vary the raw material mix and process conditions in our u.s. olefins plants in order to maximize profitability as market prices fluctuate for both feedstocks and products. although prices of crude-based liquids and natural gas liquids are generally related to crude oil and natural gas prices, during specific periods the relationships among these materials and benchmarks may vary significantly. in 2021 and 2020, approximately 60% of the raw materials used in our north american crackers was ethane.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-americas segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                          2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues                   $15,002                          $7,275
revenues-revenues increased by $7,727 million, or 106%, in 2021 compared to 2020. higher average sales prices resulted in a 92% increase in revenue in 2021, primarily driven by tight market conditions. volume improvements resulted in a revenue increase of 14% primarily due to the 2020 acquisition of our 50% interest in the louisiana joint venture.
olefins and polyolefins-europe, asia, international segment overview-ebitda increased in 2021 compared to 2020 mainly as a result of higher combined polyolefins margins due to strong demand and tight markets.
in calculating the impact of margin and volume on ebitda, consistent with industry practice, management offsets revenues and volumes related to ethylene co-products against the cost to produce ethylene. volume and price impacts of ethylene co-products are reported in margin.
ethylene raw materials-in europe, heavy liquids are the primary raw materials for our ethylene production and represents approximately two-thirds of the raw materials used in 2021 and 2020.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the o&p-eai segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues          $13,490                          $8,367
revenues-revenues increased by $5,123 million, or 61%, in 2021 compared to 2020. average sales prices in 2021 were higher across most products as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which on average, increased compared to 2020. these higher average sales prices were responsible for a 52% increase in revenue. volume improvements resulted in a revenue increase of 6% primarily due to strong demand in combination with tight market supply. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 3% in 2021.
ebitda-ebitda increased by $923 million, or 112%, in 2021 compared to 2020. polyethylene and polypropylene results improved resulting in an ebitda increase of 55% and 46%, respectively. these improvements were driven by higher margins as price increases outpaced higher feedstock costs. higher income from our equity investments led to an increase in ebitda of 15%, mainly attributable to higher polyolefins margins associated with increased demand. foreign exchange impacts, which on average were favorable, resulted in a ebitda increase of 4%.
intermediates and derivatives segment overview-ebitda increased in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher margins across most businesses due to tight market supply from industry outages coupled with strong demand.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the i&d segment including income from equity investments, which is a component of ebitda.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues          $10,180                          $6,269
revenues-revenues increased by $3,911 million, or 62%, in 2021 compared to 2020. higher average sales prices resulted in a 64% increase in revenue in 2021 as sales prices generally correlate with crude oil prices, which on average, increased compared to 2020. sales volumes declined in 2021 resulting in a 3% decrease in revenue due to the impact of unusually cold temperatures and associated electrical power outages that led to shutdowns of our manufacturing facilities in texas in early 2021, coupled with unplanned maintenance activities in 2021. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 1% in 2021.
ebitda-ebitda increased $545 million, or 65%, in 2021 compared to 2020. our propylene oxide and derivatives and intermediate chemicals results improved resulting in an ebitda increase of 54% and 18%, respectively. these improvements were primarily a result of higher margins due to strong demand coupled with tight market supply resulting from industry outages. higher oxyfuels and related products results led to a 6% increase in ebitda primarily driven by margin improvement as a result of improved demand and higher gasoline prices. results declined 4% as a result of site closure costs associated with the exit of our ethanol business.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the aps segment:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues           $5,145                          $3,913
revenues-revenues increased in 2021 by $1,232 million, or 31%, compared to 2020. average sales price increased resulting in a 25% increase in revenue in 2021 as sales prices generally correlate with raw material costs and product demand. higher sales volumes resulted in a 3% increase in revenue stemming from higher demand. foreign exchange impacts resulted in a revenue increase of 3% in 2021.
ebitda-ebitda increased in 2021 by $31 million, or 8%, compared to 2020. higher advanced polymers results led to an ebitda increase of 13% driven by margin improvements resulting from increased construction demand. results benefited 10% from the absence of integration costs incurred in 2020 associated with the acquisition of a. schulman inc. these ebitda improvements were offset by lifo inventory charges which resulted in a 12% reduction in ebitda. compounding and solutions results remained relatively unchanged during 2021.
the following table sets forth selected financial information and heavy crude oil processing rates for the refining segment and the u.s. refining market margins for the applicable periods. "brent" is a light sweet crude oil and is one of the main benchmark prices for purchases of oil worldwide. "maya" is a heavy sour crude oil grade produced in mexico that is a relevant benchmark for heavy sour crude oils in the u.s. gulf coast market. references to industry benchmarks for refining market margins are to industry prices reported by platts, a division of s&p global.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                                 2021                            2020
sales and other operating revenues           $8,002                          $4,727
thousands of barrels per day heavy crude oil processing rates                231                             223
market margins, dollars per barrel brent - 2-1-1                                $14.39                           $5.74
revenues-revenues increased by $3,275 million, or 69%, in 2021 compared to 2020. higher product prices led to a revenue increase of 71% in 2021, due to an average brent crude oil price increase of approximately $28 per barrel. sales volume changes resulted in a 2% decline in revenues as higher run rates were offset by changes in product mix.
ebitda-ebitda increased by $247 million or 28%,in 2021 compared to 2020. this increase was primarily driven by margin improvements due to an increase in the maya 2-1-1 market margin resulting from higher demand for refined products. this was partially offset by margin declines driven by higher costs for renewable identification numbers ("rins") of approximately $1 per gallon.
during 2021 and 2020 we recognized non-cash impairment charges of $624 million and $582 million, respectively. for additional information see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
we are currently weighing strategic options for our refining segment, including a potential sale of our houston refinery. any strategic option pursued for the houston refinery remains subject to the approval of our board of directors and, assuming such approval is obtained, may require certain regulatory approvals or other closing conditions.
technology segment overview-the technology segment recognizes revenues related to the sale of polyolefin catalysts and the licensing of chemical and polyolefin process technologies. these revenues are offset in part by the costs incurred in the production of catalysts, licensing and services activities and research and development ("r&d") activities. in 2021 and 2020, our technology segment incurred approximately half of all r&d costs. ebitda for our technology segment increased in 2021 compared to 2020 largely due to higher licensing revenues and catalyst volumes.
the following table sets forth selected financial information for the technology segment.
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                               2021                          2020
sales and other operating revenues           $843                          $659
revenues-revenues increased by $184 million, or 28%, in 2021 compared to 2020. higher catalyst volumes resulted in a 10% increase in revenue in 2021, primarily driven by strong demand. licensing revenues increased by 15% in 2021. favorable foreign exchange impacts increased revenue by 3% in 2021.
ebitda-ebitda in 2021 increased by $190 million, or 59%, compared to 2020. higher licensing revenues led to an ebitda improvement of 40% in 2021. favorable foreign exchange impacts resulted in an ebitda increase of 3% in 2021. the remaining increases was largely driven by higher catalyst sales volumes as a result of improved global demand.
financial condition operating, investing and financing activities of continuing operations, which are discussed below, are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31, millions of dollars                           2021   2020
operating activities                   $7,695                          $3,404
operating activities-cash provided by operating activities of $7,695 million in 2021 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash used by the main components of working capital-accounts receivable, inventories and accounts payable.
in 2021, the main components of working capital used $960 million of cash driven by an increase in inventories and accounts receivable, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. the increase in inventories was primarily due to an increase in raw material costs coupled with an increase in inventory to levels required to support improved demand and in anticipation of turnarounds in 2022. the increase in accounts receivable was driven by higher revenues across most businesses primarily driven by higher average sales prices. the increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by increased raw material and energy costs.
other operating activities in 2021 includes an $870 million tax refund received in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the effects of changes in income tax accruals primarily driven by increased pretax income. for additional information see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
cash of $3,404 million generated by operating activities in 2020 primarily reflected earnings adjusted for non-cash items and cash provided by the main components of working capital.
in 2020, the main components of working capital provided $311 million of cash driven by a decrease in inventories and an increase in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable. the decrease in inventory was primarily driven by company-wide inventory reduction initiatives to maximize liquidity. the increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by increased raw material purchases during the fourth quarter of 2020. the increase in accounts receivable was driven by higher sales in the fourth quarter 2020 for our o&p-americas, o&p-eai, and i&d segments resulting from demand recovery.
other operating activities in 2020 includes the effects of changes in tax accruals, primarily driven by a tax refund of $900 million.
investing activities-capital expenditures in 2021 totaled $1,959 million compared to $1,947 million in 2020. approximately 60% of our capital spending in both periods was for profit-generating growth projects, primarily our po/tba plant, with the remaining spending supporting sustaining maintenance. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding capital spending by segment.
we invest cash in investment-grade and other high-quality instruments that provide adequate flexibility to redeploy funds as needed to meet our cash flow requirements while maximizing yield.
we received proceeds of $346 million and $114 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, upon the sale and maturity of certain of our available-for-sale debt securities. additionally, in 2021 and 2020, we received proceeds of $335 million and $313 million, respectively, from the sale or liquidation of our investment in equity securities.
in 2021, we made an equity contribution of $104 million to form ningbo zrcc lyondellbasell new material company limited, a 50/50 joint venture with sinopec. in 2020, we invested $2,440 million in cash for 50% equity interests in the bora lyondellbasell petrochemical co. ltd joint venture and the louisiana integrated polyethylene jv llc. for additional information related to our equity investments, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2021, foreign currency contracts with an aggregate notional value of €300 million expired. upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts, we paid €300 million ($355 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received $358 million from our counterparties.
financing activities-in 2021 and 2020, we made payments of $463 million and $4 million to acquire 5.2 million and 0.1 million, respectively, of our outstanding ordinary shares. we also made dividend payments totaling $1,486 million and $1,405 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. for additional information related to our share repurchases and dividend payments, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
during 2020, to bolster liquidity we issued long-term debt of $6 billion which was partially offset by repayments of $3 billion during the year. in 2021, we prioritized debt reduction resulting in a $4 billion decrease in our outstanding long-term debt. for a detailed discussion of financing activities for 2021 and 2020, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2021 and 2020, we made net repayments of $296 million and received net proceeds of $239 million, respectively, through the issuance and repurchase of commercial paper instruments under our commercial paper program.
in november 2021, foreign currency contracts previously designated as cash flow hedges with an aggregate notional value of $855 million expired. upon settlement of these foreign currency contracts we paid €790 million ($904 million at the expiry spot rate) to our counterparties and received $855 million from our counterparties.
in may 2020, we terminated and cash settled $2,000 million in notional value of our cross-currency interest rate swaps, designated as cash flows hedges, maturing in 2021 and 2024. upon termination of the swaps, we received $346 million from our counterparties.
in 2020, we posted collateral of $238 million related to positions held with our counterparties for certain forward-starting interest rate swaps.
in november 2020, we paid $882 million to our counterparties and received €750 million ($887 million at the expiry spot rate) from our counterparties upon expiration and settlement of the foreign currency contracts entered to economically hedge the redemption of €750 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.875% guaranteed notes originally due in 2022.
for additional information related to our swaps and currency contracts, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources overview we plan to fund our ongoing working capital, capital expenditures, debt service, dividends and other cash requirements with our current available liquidity and cash from operations, which could be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, or a combination thereof, may be used to fund the purchase of shares under our share repurchase authorization.
we intend to continue to declare and pay quarterly dividends, with the goal of increasing the dividend over time, after giving consideration to our cash balances and expected results from operations. our focus on funding our dividends while remaining committed to a strong investment grade balance sheet continues to be the foundation of our capital allocation strategy.
cash and liquid investments as of december 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities classified as short-term investments totaling $1,481 million, which includes $1,136 million in jurisdictions outside of the u.s., principally in the united kingdom. there are currently no legal or economic restrictions that would materially impede our transfers of cash.
credit arrangements at december 31, 2021, we had total debt, including current maturities, of $11,614 million, and $218 million of outstanding letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds issued under uncommitted credit facilities.
we had total unused availability under our credit facilities of $3,946 million at december 31, 2021, which included the following:
•$3,046 million under our $3,250 million senior revolving credit facility, which backs our $2,500 million commercial paper program. in november 2021, we entered into a second amendment and restatement of our credit agreement to increase our availability under the senior revolving credit facility from $2,500 million to $3,250 million. see note 11 for additional detail. availability under this facility is net of outstanding borrowings, outstanding letters of credit provided under the facility and notes issued under our commercial paper program. at december 31, 2021, we had $204 million of outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, and no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility; and
•$900 million under our $900 million u.s. receivables facility. availability under this facility is subject to a borrowing base of eligible receivables, which is reduced by outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, if any. at december 31, 2021 we had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under this facility. in june 2021, we extended the term of the facility to june 2024 in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
at any time and from time to time, we may repay or redeem our outstanding debt, including purchases of our outstanding bonds in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or a combination thereof, in each case using cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt or proceeds from asset divestitures. any repayment or redemption of our debt will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. in connection with such repurchases or redemptions, we may incur cash and non-cash charges, which could be material in the period in which they are incurred.
in accordance with our current interest rate risk management strategy and subject to management's evaluation of market conditions and the availability of favorable interest rates among other factors, we may from time to time enter into interest rate swap agreements to economically convert a portion of our fixed rate debt to variable rate debt or convert a portion of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
share repurchases in may 2021, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize us to repurchase up to 34.0 million ordinary shares, through november 28, 2022 ("2021 share repurchase authorization"), which superseded any prior repurchase authorizations. our share repurchase authorization does not have a stated dollar amount, and purchases may be made through open market purchases, private market transactions or other structured transactions. repurchased shares could be retired or used for general corporate purposes, including for various employee benefit and compensation plans. the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased is not necessarily an indication of the number of shares that will ultimately be purchased. in 2021, we purchased 5.2 million shares under our share repurchase authorization for $477 million.
as of february 22, 2022, we had approximately 27.2 million shares remaining under the current authorization. the timing and amounts of additional shares repurchased, if any, will be determined based on our evaluation of market conditions and other factors, including any additional authorizations approved by our shareholders. in addition, cash and cash equivalents, cash from our short-term investments, cash from operating activities, proceeds from the issuance of debt, or a combination thereof, may be used to fund the purchase of shares under our share repurchase authorization. for additional information related to our share repurchase authorization, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital budget in 2022, we are planning to invest approximately $2.1 billion in capital expenditures, which includes approximately $79 million for investments in our u.s. and european po joint ventures and louisiana joint venture. approximately 40% of the 2022 budget is planned for profit-generating growth projects, primarily our po/tba plant, with the remaining budget supporting sustaining maintenance.
cash requirements from contractual and other obligations as part of our ongoing operations, we enter into contractual arrangements that may require us to make future cash payments under certain circumstances. our cash requirements related to contractual and other obligations primarily consist of purchase obligations, principal and interest payments on outstanding debt, lease payments, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes. for more information regarding our debt arrangements, lease obligations, pension and other post-retirement benefits and income taxes see notes 11, 12, 14 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.
we are party to obligations to purchase raw materials, utilities and industrial gases which are designed to ensure sources of supply and are not expected to be in excess of normal requirements. these purchase arrangements include provisions which state minimum purchase quantities; however, in the event we do not take the contractual minimum volumes, we are obligated to compensate the vendor only for any resulting economic losses they suffer. no material fees were paid to vendors for such losses in 2021. assuming that contractual minimum volumes are purchased at contract prices as of december 31, 2021, these commitments represent approximately 20% of our annual cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 7 years.
we also have purchase obligations under take-or-pay agreements which require us to either buy and take delivery of a minimum quantity of goods or to pay for any shortfall. these arrangements primarily relate to product off-take agreements with joint ventures located in poland. no material shortfall was paid for quantities not taken under these contracts in 2021. when valued using a contract price as of december 31, 2021, these commitments represent approximately 5% of our annual cost of sales with a weighted average remaining term of 12 years.
current business outlook we expect continued strength in demand for our products. supply chain disruptions and virus surges have been restraining pent-up consumer demand across the global economy. as vaccinations facilitate a more sustainable global reopening and supply chains normalize, our businesses should benefit from continued strong demand for both goods and services. we are closely monitoring rising feedstock and energy costs, particularly at our european operations. elevated levels of ethylene industry maintenance activities scheduled for the first half of 2022 are likely to constrain supply. we expect tight markets for acetyls and propylene oxide will continue to drive strong profitability within our i&d segment. further, we expect to expand our production with the commissioning of new facilities within our i&d segment in china and the u.s. during 2022. in january, our advanced polymers solutions segment benefited from increased order volumes for our products used in automotive production.
planned maintenance in 2022 for our o&p-americas, o&p-eai and i&d segments is expected to impact ebitda by approximately $125 million, $60 million and $80 million, respectively.
related party transactions we have related party transactions with our joint venture partners. we believe that such transactions are effected on terms substantially no more or less favorable than those that would have been agreed upon by unrelated parties on an arm's length basis. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional related party disclosures.
critical accounting policies and estimates management applies those accounting policies that it believes best reflect the underlying business and economic events, consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s., see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. inherent in such policies are certain key assumptions and estimates made by management and updated periodically based on its latest assessment of the current and projected business and general economic environment.
management believes the following accounting policies and estimates, and the judgments and uncertainties affecting them, are critical in understanding our reported operating results and financial condition.
inventories-we account for our raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods inventories using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method of accounting.
the cost of raw materials, which represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses, and energy costs generally follow price trends for crude oil and/or natural gas. crude oil and natural gas prices are subject to many factors, including changes in economic conditions.
since our inventory consists of manufactured products derived from crude oil, natural gas, natural gas liquids and correlated materials, as well as the associated feedstocks and intermediate chemicals, our inventory market values are generally influenced by changes in the benchmark of crude oil and heavy liquid values and prices for manufactured finished goods. the degree of influence of a particular benchmark may vary from period to period, as the composition of the dollar value lifo pools change. due to natural inventory composition changes, variation in pricing from period to period does not necessarily result in a linear lower of cost or market ("lcm") impact. additionally, an lcm condition may arise due to a volumetric decline in a particular material that had previously provided a positive impact within a pool. as a result, market valuations and lcm conditions are dependent upon the composition and mix of materials on hand at the balance sheet date. in the measurement of an lcm adjustment, the numeric input value for determining the crude oil market price includes pricing that is weighted by volume of inventories held at a point in time, including wti, brent and maya crude oils.
as indicated above, fluctuation in the prices of crude oil, natural gas and correlated products from period to period may result in the recognition of charges to adjust the value of inventory to the lower of cost or market in periods of falling prices and the reversal of those charges in subsequent interim periods as market prices recover. accordingly, our cost of sales and results of operations may be affected by such fluctuations.
no lcm inventory valuation charge was recorded in 2021, and we do not believe any of our inventory balance at year-end is at risk for impairment. given the inherent volatility in the prices of our finished goods and raw materials, sustained price declines could result in lcm inventory valuation charges. during 2020, we recognized an lcm inventory valuation charge of $16 million related to the decline in pricing for our raw material and finished goods inventories.
in the first quarter of 2020, we recognized lcm inventory valuation charges of $419 million which was driven by a decline in pricing for many of our raw material and finished goods inventories. during the second, third and fourth quarters of 2020, we recognized lcm inventory valuation benefits of $96 million, $160 million and $147 million, respectively, as market prices began to recover subsequent to the first quarter of 2020.
market price volatility for crude oil, heavy liquids and ethylene were the primary contributors to the lcm inventory valuation charges, and representative prices used to determine the lcm inventory valuation charges recognized during 2020 ranged from $12.14 to $41.75 per barrel for crude oil, $13.50 to $51.07 per barrel for heavy liquids and $205 to $767 per ton for ethylene.
long-lived assets impairment assessment-the need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including a significant reduction in prices of or demand for products produced, a weakened outlook for profitability, a significant reduction in margins, an expectation that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life, other changes to contracts or changes in the regulatory environment. if the sum of the undiscounted estimated pre-tax cash flows for an asset group is less than the asset group's carrying value, fair value is calculated for the asset group using an income approach or a market approach when appropriate, and the carrying value is written down to the calculated fair value. for purposes of impairment evaluation, long-lived assets including finite-lived intangible assets must be grouped at the lowest level for which independent cash flows can be identified.
significant judgment is involved in developing estimates of future cash flows since the results are based on forecasted financial information prepared using significant assumptions which may include, among other things, projected changes in supply and demand fundamentals (including industry-wide capacity, our planned utilization rate and end-user demand), new technological developments, capital expenditures, new competitors with significant raw material or other cost advantages, changes associated with world economies, the cyclical nature of the chemical and refining industries, uncertainties associated with governmental actions and other economic conditions. such estimates are consistent with those used in our planning and capital investment and business performance reviews.
when an income approach is used to estimate fair value of our long-lived assets, the cash flows are discounted using a rate that is based on a variety of factors, including market and economic conditions, operational risk, regulatory risk and political risk. this discount rate is also compared to recent observable market transactions, if possible.
houston refinery impairment-during the fourth quarter of 2021 and during the third quarter of 2020, we identified impairment triggers relating to our houston refinery's asset group which resulted in non-cash impairment charges of $624 million and $582 million, respectively. refer to note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
in 2021, the estimate of the houston refinery's undiscounted pre-tax cash flows utilized significant assumptions including management's best estimates of the expected future cash flows, the estimated useful lives of the asset group, and the residual value of the refinery. these estimates required considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions such as future commodity prices, margins on refined products, operating rates and capital expenditures including repairs and maintenance. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our impairment determination will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. the houston refinery's estimated fair value was calculated using a market approach which utilized unobservable inputs, which generally consist of market information provided by unrelated third parties.
in 2020, the estimates of the houston refinery's undiscounted pre-tax cash flows utilized significant assumptions similar to those utilized during 2021. the houston refinery's estimated fair value was determined using an income approach that was based on projected financial information and significant inputs that were not observable in the market.
should our estimates and assumptions significantly change in future periods, it is possible that we may determine future impairment charges.
an estimate of the sensitivity to net income resulting from impairment calculations is not practicable, given the numerous assumptions, including pricing, volumes, discount rates, and market information provided by unrelated third parties that can materially affect our estimates. that is, unfavorable adjustments to some of the above listed assumptions may be offset by favorable adjustments in other assumptions.
equity method investments impairment-investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are assessed for impairment when there are indicators of a loss in value, such as a lack of sustained earnings capacity or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value. when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the value of the investment. management's estimate of fair value of an investment is based on the income approach and/or market approach. for the income approach, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants. for the market approach, since quoted market prices are usually not available, we utilize market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded industrial gases companies.
goodwill-as of december 31, 2021, we had goodwill of $1,875 million. of this amount, $1,357 million is related to the acquisition of a. schulman in 2018, which is included in our aps segment, and is mainly attributed to acquired workforce and expected synergies. the remaining goodwill at december 31, 2021 primarily represents the tax effect of the differences between the tax and book basis of our assets and liabilities resulting from the revaluation of those assets and liabilities to fair value in connection with the company's emergence from bankruptcy and fresh-start accounting in 2010. additional information on the amount of goodwill allocated to our reporting units appears in note 7 and note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the goodwill of a reporting unit may not be fully recoverable. we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. qualitative factors assessed for each of the reporting units include, but are not limited to, changes in long-term commodity prices, discount rates, competitive environments, planned capacity, cost factors such as raw material prices, and financial performance of the reporting units. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required.
we also have the option to proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. under the quantitative impairment test, the fair value of each reporting unit, calculated using a discounted cash flow model, is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. the discounted cash flow model inherently utilizes a significant number of estimates and assumptions, including operating margins, tax rates, discount rates, capital expenditures and working capital changes. if the carrying value of the reporting unit including goodwill exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge equal to the excess would be recognized, up to a maximum amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
for 2021 and 2020, management performed a qualitative impairment assessment of our reporting units, which indicated that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value including goodwill. accordingly, a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required, and no goodwill impairment was recognized in 2021 or 2020.
long-term employee benefit costs-our costs for long-term employee benefits, particularly pension and other post-retirement medical and life insurance benefits, are incurred over long periods of time, and involve many uncertainties over those periods. the net periodic benefit cost attributable to current periods is based on several assumptions about such future uncertainties and is sensitive to changes in those assumptions. it is management's responsibility, often with the assistance of independent experts, to select assumptions that in its judgment represent its best estimates of the future effects of those uncertainties and to review those assumptions periodically to reflect changes in economic or other factors.
the current benefit service costs, as well as the existing liabilities, for pensions and other post-retirement benefits are measured on a discounted present value basis. the discount rate is a current rate, related to the rate at which the liabilities could be settled. our assumed discount rate is based on yield information for high-quality corporate bonds with durations comparable to the expected cash settlement of our obligations. for the purpose of measuring the benefit obligations at december 31, 2021, we used a weighted average discount rate of 2.80% for the u.s. plans, which reflects the different terms of the related benefit obligations. the weighted average discount rate used to measure obligations for non-u.s. plans at december 31, 2021, was 1.45%, reflecting market interest rates. the discount rates in effect at december 31, 2021 will be used to measure net periodic benefit cost during 2022.
the benefit obligation and the net periodic benefit cost of other post-retirement medical benefits are also measured based on assumed rates of future increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits. as of december 31, 2021, the assumed rate of increase for our u.s. plans was 6.3%, decreasing to 4.5% in 2029 and thereafter.
the net periodic benefit cost of pension benefits included in expense is affected by the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. investment returns that are recognized currently in net income represent the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets applied to a market-related value of plan assets, which is defined as the market value of assets. the expected rate of return on plan assets is a longer-term rate and is expected to change less frequently than the current assumed discount rate, reflecting long-term market expectations, rather than current fluctuations in market conditions.
the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our u.s. plans of 7.25% is based on the average level of earnings that our independent pension investment advisor advised could be expected to be earned over time. the weighted average expected long-term rate of return on assets in our non-u.s. plans of 1.44% is based on expectations and asset allocations that vary by region. the asset allocations are summarized in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
the actual rate of return on plan assets may differ from the expected rate due to the volatility normally experienced in capital markets. management's goal is to manage the investments over the long term to achieve optimal returns with an acceptable level of risk and volatility.
net periodic pension cost recognized each year includes the expected asset earnings, rather than the actual earnings or loss. along with other gains and losses, this unrecognized amount, to the extent it cumulatively exceeds 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of the plan assets for the respective plan, is recognized as additional net periodic benefit cost over the average remaining service period of the participants in each plan.
the following table reflects the sensitivity of the benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans to changes in the actuarial assumptions:
effects on                                                effects on net benefit obligations                                       periodic pension in 2021                                                   costs in 2022
millions of dollars                                      u.s.                            non-u.s.                  u.s.                        non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2021       $1,916                          $1,924                    $-                           $-
the sensitivity of our post-retirement benefit plans obligations and net periodic benefit costs to changes in actuarial assumptions are reflected in the following table:
effects on                                            effects on net benefit obligations                                   periodic benefit in 2021                                               costs in 2022
millions of dollars                                      u.s.                          non-u.s.                u.s.                    non-u.s.
projected benefit obligations at december 31, 2021       $203                          $68                     $-                      $-
projected net periodic benefit costs in 2022             -                             -                       -           4
additional information on the key assumptions underlying these benefit costs appears in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
accruals for taxes based on income-the determination of our provision for income taxes and the calculation of our tax benefits and liabilities is subject to management's estimates and judgments due to the complexity of the tax laws and regulations in the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. uncertainties exist with respect to interpretation of these complex laws and regulations.
deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse.
we recognize future tax benefits to the extent that the realization of these benefits is more likely than not. our current provision for income taxes is impacted by the recognition and release of valuation allowances related to net deferred tax assets in certain jurisdictions. further changes to these valuation allowances may impact our future provision for income taxes, which will include no tax benefit with respect to losses incurred and no tax expense with respect to income generated in these countries until the respective valuation allowance is eliminated.
we recognize the financial statement benefits with respect to an uncertain income tax position that we have taken or may take on an income tax return when we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
accounting and reporting changes for a discussion of the potential impact of new accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.