item 1a.    risk factors.
you should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. these risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
summary risk factors some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, include the following:
•we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems;
•the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation;
•our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change;
•we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims;
•we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business;
•our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers;
•the loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or our efforts to attract and retain talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business;
•failure to maintain our corporate culture, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation;
•increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance (esg) practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks;
•we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve;
•we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act or fail to act in ways that could harm our business;
•the covid-19 pandemic has impacted how we work, and the extent to which it will continue to do so and its impact on our future financial results are uncertain;
•our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions, political events and market conditions;
•our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability;
•we face risks when we acquire businesses;
•if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected;
•our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate;
•our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks and uncertainties that could impact our business;
•our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly;
•credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk;
•our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility;
•we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations;
•results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity;
•volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability;
•adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest more broadly, could have a material adverse effect on marsh's business, results of operations and financial condition;
•mercer's investments business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to market fluctuations, third-party investment managers, operational and technology risks, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business;
•revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments;
•factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer; and
•the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
risks relating to the company generally cybersecurity, data protection and technology risks we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems.
in operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit and otherwise process certain electronic information, including personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive data such as information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and personal data of our clients, colleagues and vendors. we rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. in the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties. this electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients' personal data. our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, as well as the control systems of critical infrastructure they rely on, such as power grids, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems-related modes of attack. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. we could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols.
cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers, through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including the deployment of artificial intelligence to find and exploit vulnerabilities, such as "deep fakes", long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats and the use of the it supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised suppliers accounts or hardware. in particular, we are at increased risk of a cyberattack when geopolitical tensions are high, as diplomatic events and economic policies may trigger espionage or retaliatory cyber incidents.
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), hacking and denial-of-service attacks. because these techniques change frequently and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss, data unavailability, data corruption or other damage to information technology systems. in addition, remote work arrangements in response to covid-19 have increased the risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks or unauthorized dissemination of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive data.
as the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, "open source" software, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet (known as the "internet of things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. our policies, employee training (including phishing prevention training), procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. in addition, the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks.
should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our systems, such as data encryption (including encryption of data at rest), heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. the volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. in addition to remediating newly identified vulnerabilities, previously identified vulnerabilities must also be continuously addressed. accordingly, we are at risk that cyberattackers exploit these known vulnerabilities before they have been communicated by vendors or addressed. due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors are issuing security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we perpetually face the substantial risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. we are also dependent on third party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients. we also use hundreds of it vendors and software providers to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure. in addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud hosted by third-party providers. some of these vendors and third parties also have direct access to our systems. we are at risk of a cyberattack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party's data protection processes or the cyberattackers gaining access to our infrastructure through a supply chain attack. highly publicized data security breaches, such as the december 2020 large-scale attack on solarwinds that created security vulnerabilities for public and private organizations around the world may embolden malicious actors to target the it supply chain and providers of business software. while we do not believe our operations were affected by the solarwinds attack, other similar supply chain compromises could have a significant negative impact on our systems and operations.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including the acquisition of jlt in 2019. the process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. in addition, if we discover a historical compromise, security breach or other cyber incident related to the target's information systems following the close of the acquisition, we may be liable and exposed to significant costs and other unforeseen liabilities. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
we have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), vulnerabilities in the software on which we rely, users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices or misconfiguration of software or hardware resulting in inadvertent exposure of personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information. in april 2021, an unauthorized actor leveraged a vulnerability in a third party's software and gained access to a limited set of data in our environment. like many companies, we are also subject to social engineering attacks such as whatsapp scams and regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections, fraud and data loss. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. in the event of a cyberattack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. a cyber attack may also result in systems or data being encrypted or otherwise unavailable due to ransomware or other malware. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related data and system incidents.
the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation.
improper collection, use disclosure, cross border transfer, and retention of confidential, personal, or proprietary data could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal and financial liability, or harm to our reputation. in operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive employee and client data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. we collect data from client and individuals located all over the world and leverage systems and teams to process it. as a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states, europe and around the world regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cyber-security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. some of these laws and regulations are increasing the level of data handling restrictions, including rules on data localization, all of which could affect our operations and result in regulatory liability and high fines. in particular, high-profile security breaches at major companies continue to be disclosed regularly, which is leading to even greater regulatory scrutiny and fines at the highest levels they have ever been.
the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting. for example, the gdpr, which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the european commission's jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. in the u.s., the ccpa came into effect in january 2019 and introduced several new concepts to local privacy requirements, including increased transparency and rights such as access and deletion and an ability to opt out of the "sale" of personal information. despite a proliferation of regulatory guidance papers, much remains unclear with respect to how to interpret and implement the gdpr and the ccpa, and that lack of clarity could result in potential liability for our failure to meet our obligations under the gdpr and the ccpa. given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classifying data and committing to a range of administrative, technical and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers outside of the e.u., our compliance with laws such as the gdpr and the ccpa will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use. further, the european union court of justice's "schrems ii" decision and brexit have created uncertainty with regard to the future of the flow of personal information between the u.s. and e.u and between the united kingdom and the e.u., and that uncertainty may impair our ability to offer our existing and planned products and services or increase our cost of doing business.
following the implementation of the gdpr, other jurisdictions have sought to amend, or propose legislation to amend, their existing data protection laws to align with the requirements of the gdpr with the aim of obtaining an adequate level of data protection to facilitate the transfer of personal data to most jurisdictions from the e.u. accordingly, the challenges we face in the e.u. will likely also apply to other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the gdpr or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. for example, brazil has enacted its general data protection law, the lei geral de proteção de dados pessoais, which came into effect in august 2020, china has enacted the personal information protection law a new comprehensive privacy law, india is considering a new privacy law, canada is proposing significant changes to its federal privacy law and japan has adopted sweeping changes to its privacy law. in some cases, including china and india, the laws include data localization elements that will require that certain personal data stay within their borders.
in the u.s. following the passage of the ccpa, california approved a ballot measure that enacts the california privacy rights act, which makes extensive modifications to the ccpa. additionally, several other states have introduced privacy bills, some more comprehensive than or divergent in key respects from the ccpa. there is also continued legislative interest in passing a federal privacy law.
in addition to data protection laws, countries and states in the u.s. are enacting cybersecurity laws and regulations. for example, the new york state department of financial services issued in 2017 cybersecurity regulations which imposed an array of detailed security measures on covered entities. these requirements were phased in and the last of them came into effect on march 1, 2019. a number of states have also adopted laws covering data collected by insurance licensees that include security and breach notification requirements. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
many statutory requirements, both in the united states and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our vendors. in addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. these and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.
furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations, including a recent focus on website "cookies" compliance in some countries, continue to increase. privacy violations, including unauthorized use disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose) could damage our reputation and subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. given the complexity of operationalizing the various privacy laws such as the gdpr and the ccpa, the maturity level of proposed compliance frameworks and the continued lack of clarity on how to implement their requirements, we and our clients are at risk of enforcement actions taken by e.u. and other data protection authorities or litigation from consumer advocacy groups acting on behalf of data subjects. we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and increase our cost of doing business.
our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change.
we depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. as a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. we have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems.
these investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. in addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. in some cases, we also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
in addition, to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. the threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies and others. in the past few years, there has been a substantial increase in private equity investments into these insurtech companies. these players are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence (ai), digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims.
our businesses provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory, investment management and actuarial services, to clients around the world. as a result, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "e&o claims." in our risk and insurance services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients' risks, advise clients, place coverage, or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. for example, these claims may include allegations related to losses incurred by policyholders arising from the covid-19 pandemic, or losses from cyberattacks associated with policies where cyber risk was not specifically included or excluded in policies, commonly referred to as "silent cyber." in our consulting segment, where we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims could include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investments, actuarial, pension administration and other services. we may also be exposed to claims related to assets or solutions offered by the consulting segment in complement to its traditional consulting services. these consulting segment services frequently involve complex calculations and other analysis, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing individual financial planning advice including investment advice and advice relating to cashing out of defined benefit pension plans, (v) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (vi) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers and implementation of the client's investment policy. we provide these services to a broad client base, including clients in the public sector for our investment services. matters often relate to services provided by the company dating back many years. such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. we may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
in establishing liabilities for e&o claims under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"), the company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, actuarial analysis by oliver wyman, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. a liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the liability is assessed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing liabilities in accordance with u.s. gaap, as well as the unpredictability of e&o claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the united kingdom, the european union and its member states, and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by agencies such as the securities and exchange commission, finra and state insurance regulators in the united states, the fca and the competition and markets authority (cma) in the united kingdom, and the european commission in the european union, as further described above under part i, item 1 - business (regulation) of this report. we are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as belarus, cuba, crimea, iran, myanmar, north korea, russia, syria and venezuela, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act. we are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. in some cases, these laws and regulations may decrease the need for our services, increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. in addition, the financial and operational impact of complying with laws and regulations has increased in the current environment of increased regulatory activity and enforcement. changes with respect to the applicable laws and regulations may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us or pose new or previously immaterial risks to us. there can be no assurance that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on our business and operations.
while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply or are accused of failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, we may become subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients or other parties, and we may become exposed to negative publicity or reputational damage. moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. these inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, we may be responsible for the legal and regulatory liabilities of companies that we acquire. in particular, upon the consummation of the acquisition of jlt, the company assumed the legal liabilities and became responsible for jlt's litigation and regulatory exposures as of april 1, 2019. additional information regarding certain ongoing investigations and certain other legal and regulatory proceedings is set forth in note 16, claims, lawsuits and other contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report.
in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend or repeal applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. such authorities may require the company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. in some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. in the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions.
our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers.
we currently utilize the services of hundreds of third-party providers to meet the needs of our clients around the world.
there is a risk that our third-party providers or introducers engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies or violate applicable laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act.
competitive risks the loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or our efforts to attract and retain talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely upon the contributions of our senior management team to establish and implement our business strategy and to manage the future growth of our business. we may be unable to retain them, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. the loss of any of the senior management team could limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy or adversely affect our ability to retain existing and attract new clients. moreover, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of members of our senior management team.
across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining client relationships as well as performing the services on which our revenues are earned. it is therefore important for us to attract, incentivize and retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. we face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent, which has accelerated through the pandemic. such challenges include the general mobility of colleagues that has increased as a result of the covid-19 pandemic as companies experiment with more flexible working models, market dislocation resulting from proposed and actual combinations in the industry, and fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.
losing colleagues who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. if a key employee were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. if a colleague joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may not be able to secure client engagements or maximize the colleague's potential.
over the course of 2021, we hired on a net basis more than 6,000 colleagues across our company. as a result, our expenses have increased.
failure to maintain our corporate culture, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation.
we strive to foster a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and feel comfortable speaking up about potential misconduct. we are a people business, and our ability to attract and retain colleagues and clients is dependent upon our commitment to an inclusive and diverse workplace, trustworthiness, ethical business practices and other qualities. our colleagues are the cornerstone of this culture, and acts of misconduct by any colleague, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. remote and hybrid work arrangement as a result of the covid-19 pandemic may also negatively impact our ability to maintain and promote our culture, as we believe being together is integral to promoting our culture.
increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance (esg) practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.
there is increased focus, including from governmental organizations, investors, colleagues and clients, on esg issues such as environmental stewardship, climate change, inclusion and diversity, racial justice, pay equity, workplace conduct, cybersecurity and data privacy. negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues. any harm to our reputation could impact colleague engagement and retention and the willingness of clients and our partners to do business with us.
moreover, as we work to align with the recommendations of the financial stability board's task force on climate-related financial disclosures, (tcfd), the sustainability accounting standards board (sasb), and our own esg assessments and priorities, we expect to expand our public disclosures in these areas, including providing additional metrics. these metrics, whether it be the standards we set for ourselves or a failure to meet these metrics, and any failure accurately report or to achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, may negatively impact our reputation and our business.
in addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries, exclusion of our stock from esg-oriented indices or investment funds or harm our relationships with regulators and the communities in which we operate.
we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve.
as a global professional services firm, the company faces competition in each of its businesses, and the competitive landscape continues to change and evolve. our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. additionally, the competition for talent has only accelerated with the covid-19 pandemic and recent dislocation in the market resulting from proposed and actual combinations among our competitors. if we are unable to attract, retain and fully develop industry leading talent, or if we are unable to respond successfully to the changing conditions we face, our businesses, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely impacted.
across our risk and insurance services segment, we operate in a variety of markets and face different competitive landscapes. in addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage and risk advisory firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. in recent years, private equity sponsors have invested tens of billions of dollars into the insurance brokerage sector, transforming existing players and creating new ones to compete with large brokers. we also compete with insurance and reinsurance companies that market and service their insurance products directly to consumers and without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services, including those that rely almost exclusively on technological solutions or platforms. this competition is intensified by an often "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, where a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account. in addition, third party capital providers have entered the insurance and reinsurance risk transfer market offering products and capital directly to our clients that serve as substitutes for traditional insurance.
in our consulting segment, we compete for business with numerous consulting firms and similar organizations, many of which also provide, or are affiliated with firms that provide, accounting, information systems, technology and financial services. such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage. in certain sub-segments, we compete in highly fragmented markets or with start-ups that may be able to offer solutions at a lower price or on more favorable conditions.
in addition, companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current clients merge, or consolidate or combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, business process management, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. these third parties include correspondents, agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, plan trustees, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, investment managers, risk modeling providers, and providers of human resource functions, such as recruiters. many of these providers are located outside the u.s., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of the u.s. as we do not control many of the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay in services or operations and additional expense.
a failure by the third parties to (i) comply with service level agreements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, (ii) maintain adequate internal controls that may impact our own financial reporting, or (iii) adequately maintain the confidentiality of any of our data or trade secrets or adequately protect or properly use other intellectual property to which they may have access, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. these third parties also face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, non-compliance with legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
macroeconomic risks the covid-19 pandemic has impacted how we work, and the extent to which it will continue to do so and its impact on our future financial results are uncertain.
global health concerns relating to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus impacted our workforce and operations and the operations of our clients, third-party vendors and business partners. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including continuing to operate in a largely remote model as the pandemic has persisted across the globe, introducing vaccine mandates for certain u.s. colleagues or visitors to be on premises where legally viable to do so, and re-calibrating return-to-office plans with evolving health and safety standards). we will continue to evolve our business practices as we adopt hybrid working arrangements and evaluate further implementing employee vaccine requirements and other health and safety protocols, as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our colleagues, clients and business partners. there is no certainty how long such policies will remain in effect, or that such measures will be sufficient in creating an effective and productive working environment comparable to pre-pandemic conditions for our colleagues. in addition, our implementation of employee vaccination requirements may also result in attrition, including of critically skilled colleagues.
our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions, political events and market conditions.
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, supply chain challenges, pandemics, a general slowdown in economic growth, political volatility and other market conditions around the world affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. these conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for example, in 2020 the covid-19 pandemic adversely impacted the company's revenue growth, primarily in our businesses that are discretionary in nature. changes in macroeconomic and political conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain.
in addition, the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union, referred to as "brexit," continues to create political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the european union. as the terms of the withdrawal did not contain resolutions related to financial services and there has not yet been such an agreement, there remains uncertainty on the effect of brexit on financial services.
we have significant operations and a substantial workforce in the u.k. with 12,500 colleagues and approximately 16% of our revenue from the u.k., the uncertainty surrounding the implementation and effect of brexit may cause increased economic volatility or disrupt markets we serve, affecting our operations and business or causing us to lose clients and colleagues. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace or replicate. these developments may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of financial markets, both in the u.k. and globally. furthermore, currency exchange rates in gbp and the euro with respect to each other and the u.s. dollar have already been adversely affected by these developments. should this foreign exchange volatility continue, it could cause volatility in our quarterly financial results.
more generally, our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. these risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. in addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may continue to experience reduced investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk remain at or near their current low levels. if the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. finally, the value of the company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations.
business resiliency risks our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, protests or riots, security breach, cyberattack (including manipulating the control systems of critical infrastructure), power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. the risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like new york or london, where we have significant operations and approximately 3,300 and 5,300 colleagues in those respective locations, and in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks or military conflicts.
global health concerns relating to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have impacted our workforce and operations and the operations of our clients, third-party vendors and business partners, and could in the future materially adversely impact our business, operations and financial results. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to take a number of steps to safeguard our business and colleagues from covid-19, including implementing travel restrictions, arranging work from home capabilities and transitioning to a hybrid work environment. while the company expects it will continue to service clients effectively in a remote or hybrid work environment, the extent to which the covid-19 outbreak continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and are difficult to predict, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity and that of new variants, the availability and efficacy of treatments and vaccines, and how quickly and to what extent pre-pandemic economic and operating conditions resume. in addition, as we prepare to return our workforce in more locations back to the office in 2022, we may experience increased costs as we prepare our facilities for a safe return to work environment and experiment with hybrid work models.
our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. if a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. such risks have increased significantly due to extended remote work accommodations as a result of covid-19. a cyberattack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations or our ability to recover data, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. for example, hackers have increasingly targeted companies by attacking internet-connected industrial control and safety control systems. an extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues. in the worst case, any manipulation of the control systems of critical infrastructure may even result in the loss of life.
we regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. however, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. our business disruption insurance may also not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption.
acquisitions and dispositions risks we face risks when we acquire businesses.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including a total of 84 in the period from 2016 to 2021. we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses that we acquire into our own business, or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from the integration of such businesses. subject to standard contractual protections, we may also be responsible for legacy liabilities of companies that we acquire. for example, upon the consummation of the acquisition of jlt, the company assumed the legal liabilities and became responsible for jlt's litigation and regulatory exposures as of april 1, 2019.
in addition, if in the future the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. given the significant size of the company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period.
we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to finance and complete the transactions we decide to pursue on favorable terms with positive results.
when we dispose of businesses, we may continue to be subject to certain liabilities of that business after its disposition relating to the prior period of our ownership and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. we are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet.
financial risks if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. as of december 31, 2021, our receivables for our commissions and fees were approximately $5.1 billion, or approximately one-quarter of our total annual revenues, and portions of our receivables are increasingly concentrated in certain businesses and geographies.
macroeconomic or political conditions, such as the impact from covid-19, inflationary pressures or supply chain challenges, could result in financial difficulties for our clients, which could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance or default on their payment obligations to us.
the maintenance and growth of our business, including our ability to finance acquisitions, the payment of dividends and our ability to make share repurchases rely on our access to capital, which depends in large part on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of equity and debt financing. certain of our businesses such as gc securities, a division of mmc securities, llc and mmc securities (europe) limited also rely on financings by the company to fund the underwriting of their client's debt and equity capital raising transactions. there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient positive cash flow to finance all of our capital needs or that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms. in addition, our ability to obtain financing will depend in part upon prevailing conditions in credit and capital markets, which are beyond our control.
our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate.
our defined benefit pension obligations and the assets set aside to fund those obligations are sensitive to certain changes in the financial markets. any such changes may result in increased pension expense or additional cash payments to fund these plans.
the company has significant defined benefit pension obligations to its current and former employees, totaling approximately $18.7 billion, and related plan assets of approximately $19.4 billion, at december 31, 2021 on a u.s. gaap basis. the company's policy for funding its defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth by law. in the united states, contributions to these plans are based on erisa guidelines. outside the united states, contributions are generally based on statutory requirements and local funding practices, which may differ from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., for example, the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plan trustees. currently, the use of these assumptions results in a lower funded status than determined under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
the financial calculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans are complex. pension plan assets could decrease as the result of poor future asset performance. in addition, the estimated return on plan assets would likely be impacted by changes in the interest rate environment and other factors, including equity valuations, since these factors reflect the starting point used in the company's projection models. for example, a reduction in interest rates may result in a reduction in the estimated return on plan assets. also, pension plan liabilities, periodic pension expense and future funding amounts could increase as a result of a decline in the interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, longer lifespans than those reflected in our mortality assumptions, changes in investment markets that result in lower expected returns on assets, actual investment return that is less than the expected return on assets, adverse changes in laws or regulations and other variables.
while we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of pension volatility on our earnings and cash funding requirements, these strategies may not be successful. accordingly, given the magnitude of our worldwide pension plans, variations in or reassessment of the preceding or other factors or potential miscalculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans could cause significant fluctuation from year to year in our earnings and cash flow, as well as our pension plan assets and liabilities, and may result in increased levels of contributions to our pension plans.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business.
approximately 53% of our total revenue reported in 2021 was from business outside of the united states. we are subject to exchange rate movement because we must translate the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars and also because some of our subsidiaries receive revenue other than in their functional currencies. exchange rate movements may change over time, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows reported in u.s. dollars. for additional discussion, see "market risk and credit risk-foreign currency risk" in part ii, item 7a ("quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk") of this report.
our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly.
quarterly variations in revenues and operating results may occur due to several factors. these include:
•the number of client engagements during a quarter;
•the possibility that clients may decide to delay or terminate a current or anticipated project as a result of factors unrelated to our work product or progress;
•fluctuations in capacity and utilization rates and clients' ability to terminate engagements without penalty;
•our net colleague hires and related compensation and benefits expense;
•potential limitations on the clients or industries we serve resulting from increased regulation or changing stakeholder expectations on esg issues;
•the impact of changes in accounting standards or in our accounting estimates or assumptions;
•the impact on us or our clients of changes in legislation, regulation and legal guidance or interpretations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, in particular as a result of increased regulatory activity and enforcement;
•seasonality due to the impact of regulatory deadlines, policy renewals and other timing factors to which our clients are subject;
•the success of our acquisitions or investments;
•macroeconomic factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and global securities markets, particularly in the case of mercer, where fees in its investments business and certain other business lines are derived from the value of assets under management, advisement or administration; and
•general economic conditions, including factors beyond our control affecting economic conditions such as covid-19 and other global health crises or pandemics, severe weather, climate change, geopolitical unrest such as protests and riots or other catastrophic events, since our results of operations are directly affected by the levels of business activity of our clients, which in turn are affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve.
a significant portion of our total operating expenses is relatively fixed in the short term. therefore, a variation in the number of client assignments or in the timing of the initiation or the completion of client assignments can cause significant variations in quarterly operating results for these businesses.
credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk.
if we need to raise capital in the future (for example, in order to maintain adequate liquidity, fund maturing debt obligations or finance acquisitions or other initiatives), credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs, and could limit our access to financing sources. a downgrade to a rating below investment-grade could result in greater operational risks through increased operating costs and increased competitive pressures.
our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility.
as of december 31, 2021, we had total consolidated debt outstanding of approximately $11.0 billion.
the level of debt outstanding could adversely affect our financial flexibility by reducing our cash flows and our ability to use cash from operations for other purposes, including working capital, dividends to shareholders, share repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. in addition, we are subject to risks that, at the time any of our outstanding debt matures, we will not be able to retire or refinance the debt on terms that are acceptable to us.
our effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future as a result of the current u.s. tax regime and the continuing issuance of interpretive guidance related to the operations of u.s.-based multinational corporations. these include significant changes in u.s. income tax law that has a meaningful impact on our provision for income taxes and requires significant judgments and estimates in interpretation and calculations. the enacted tax legislation included, among other provisions, limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense, a tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), and the base erosion and anti-abuse tax ("beat"). given the significant complexity of the rules, and the potential for additional guidance from u.s. treasury, the securities and exchange commission, the financial accounting standards board or other regulatory authorities, recognized impacts in future periods could be significantly different from our current estimates. such uncertainty may also result in increased scrutiny from, or disagreements with, tax authorities. in addition, changes under consideration to the current u.s. tax regime, including to the gilti minimum tax, further limitations on interest expense deductibility, and a book minimum tax, could increase the impact of the provision on our results. as a u.s.-domiciled company, any such increases would have a disproportionate impact on us compared to our foreign-based competitors.
global operations we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations.
we conduct business globally. in 2021, approximately 53% of the company's total revenue was generated from operations outside the united states, and over one-half of our employees were located outside the united states. in addition, we conduct our operations through four separate businesses. potential conflicts of interest may arise across our businesses given the significant volume of our engagements.
the geographic breadth of our activities also subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance and reputational risks. these include, among others, risks relating to:
•economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate;
•client concentration in certain high-growth countries in which we operate;
•the length of payment cycles and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•unexpected increases in taxes or changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations, including upcoming changes to the u.k. statutory rate and international initiatives to require multinational enterprises, like ours, to calculate and report profitability on a country-by-country basis, which could increase scrutiny by, or cause disagreements with, foreign tax authorities and the uncertainty around the implementation of the new global minimum tax the framework of which was agreed by the members of the organization for economic cooperation and development in late 2021;
•potential transfer pricing-related tax exposures that may result from the flow of funds among our subsidiaries and affiliates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate;
•our ability to obtain dividends or repatriate funds from our non-u.s. subsidiaries, including as a result of the imposition of currency controls and other government restrictions on repatriation in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the imposition of withholding and other taxes on such payments;
•international hostilities, international trade disputes, geopolitical tensions in countries in which we operate, terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions;
•local investment or other financial restrictions that foreign governments may impose;
•potential lawsuits, investigations, market studies, reviews or other activity by foreign regulatory or law enforcement authorities or legislatively appointed commissions, which may result in potential modifications to our businesses, related private litigation or increased scrutiny from u.s. or other regulators;
•potential costs and difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations (including tax systems) administered by foreign government agencies, some of which may conflict with u.s. or other sources of law;
•potential costs and difficulties in complying, or monitoring compliance, with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as belarus, cuba, crimea, iran, myanmar, north korea, russia, syria and venezuela and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010;
•limitations or restrictions that foreign or u.s. governments and regulators may impose on the products or services we sell, the methods by which we sell our products and services and the manner in which and the amounts we are compensated;
•limitations that foreign governments may impose on the conversion of currency or the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•engaging and relying on third parties to perform services on behalf of the company; and
risks relating to our risk and insurance services segment our risk and insurance services segment, conducted through marsh and guy carpenter, represented 61% of the company's total revenue in 2021. our business in this segment is subject to particular risks.
results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity.
demand for many types of insurance and reinsurance generally rises or falls as economic growth expands or slows. this dynamic affects the level of commissions and fees generated by marsh and guy carpenter. to the extent our clients become adversely affected by declining business conditions, they may choose to limit their purchases of insurance and reinsurance coverage, as applicable, which would inhibit our ability to generate commission revenue and other revenue based on premiums placed by us. also, the insurance they seek to obtain through us may be impacted by changes in their assets, property values, sales or number of employees, which may reduce our commission revenue, and they may decide not to purchase our risk advisory or other services, which would inhibit our ability to generate fee revenue. moreover, insolvencies and combinations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies and combinations in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients or by limiting our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business, as well as our revenues from insurers. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability.
a significant portion of our risk and insurance services revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. we do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. the potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to the normal cycles of pricing in the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets.
as traditional insurance companies continue to rely on non-affiliated brokers or agents to generate premium, those insurance companies may seek to reduce their expenses by lowering their commission rates. the reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility or declines in premiums, may significantly affect our revenue and profitability. because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenues, including whether they will significantly decline. as a result, we may have to adjust our plans for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenues, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by disintermediation and the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the use of captive insurers, and the presence of capital markets-based solutions for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and insurance services segment depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical services and other advice that we provide, including the consulting and analytics services that we provide to insurers. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest more broadly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ways in which insurance intermediaries are compensated receive scrutiny from regulators in part because of the potential for anti-competitive behavior and conflicts of interest. the vast majority of the compensation that marsh receives is in the form of retail fees and commissions that are paid by the client or paid from premium that is paid by the client. the amount of other compensation that we receive from insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions, has increased in the last several years, both on an underlying basis and through acquisition and represented approximately 6% of marsh's revenue in 2021. this other compensation includes payment for (i) consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; (ii) administrative and other services provided to insurers (including underwriting services and services relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities); and (iii) contingent commissions, primarily at mma and outside the u.s., paid by insurers based on factors such as volume or profitability. these other revenue streams present potential regulatory, litigation and reputational risks that may arise from alleged anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest, (including those arising from guy carpenter's role as intermediary and advisor for insurance companies), and future changes in the regulatory environment may impact our ability to collect such revenue. adverse regulatory, legal or other developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and expose the company to negative publicity and reputational harm.
risks relating to our consulting segment our consulting segment, conducted through mercer and oliver wyman group, represented 39% of our total revenue in 2021. our businesses in this segment are subject to particular risks.
mercer's investments business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to market fluctuations, third-party asset managers, operational and technology risks, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business.
mercer's investments business provides clients with digital tools, investment consulting and investment management services. as of december 31, 2021, mercer and its global affiliates had assets under management of approximately $415 billion worldwide. in the investment consulting business, clients make and implement their own investment decisions based upon research prepared or advice provided by mercer. in its investment management business, mercer implements the client's investment policy by engaging, overseeing and making changes to the third-party asset managers who determine which investments to buy and sell. to effect implementation of a client's investment policy, mercer may utilize its "manager of managers" investment funds.
mercer's investments business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to litigation, (particularly as we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity), liquidity and market volatility, third-parties, our operations and technology, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance and scrutiny, which could arise in connection with these offerings. for example, mercer's manager research or due diligence on an asset manager may fail to uncover material deficiencies or fraud that could result in investment losses to a client. there is a risk that mercer will fail to properly or timely implement a client's investment policy or direction, which could cause an incorrect or untimely allocation of client assets among asset classes, asset managers, or strategies. mercer may also be perceived as recommending certain asset managers to clients, or offering delegated solutions to an investment consulting client, solely to enhance its own compensation or due to other perceived conflicts of interest. asset classes may perform poorly, or asset managers may underperform their benchmarks, due to poor market performance, a downturn in the global markets, negligence or other reasons, resulting in poor returns or loss of client assets. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency real estate, commodities, alternatives or other asset classes, in particular as a result of a downturn in the global markets, could cause the value of our assets under management or advisement, and the fees earned by mercer to decline. these risks, if realized, could result in significant liability and damage our business.
revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments.
global economic conditions, particularly the impact of covid-19, may negatively impact businesses and financial institutions. many of our clients, including financial institutions, corporations, government entities and pension plans, have reduced expenses, including amounts spent on consulting services, and used internal resources instead of consultants during difficult economic periods. the evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. if the economy or markets in which we operate experience weakness or deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, some of mercer's investments business generate fees based upon the value of the clients' assets under management or advisement. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency, real estate, commodities, alternatives or other asset classes could cause the value of assets under management or advisement, and the fees received by mercer, to decline. such changes could also cause clients to withdraw funds from mercer's investments business in favor of other investment service providers. in either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. mercer's investments business also could be adversely affected by an accelerated shift away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments with associated lower fees. further, revenue received by mercer as investment manager to the majority of the mercer-managed investment funds is reported in accordance with u.s. gaap on a gross basis rather than a net basis, with sub-advisor fees reflected as an expense. therefore, the reported revenue for these offerings does not fully reflect the amount of net revenue ultimately attributable to mercer.
demand for many of mercer's benefits services is affected by government regulation and tax laws, rulings, policies and interpretations, which drive our clients' needs for benefits-related services. significant changes in government regulations affecting the value, use or delivery of benefits and human resources programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans, defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of mercer's services.
factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer.
mercer currently provides plan sponsors, plan trustees, multi-employer and public entity clients with actuarial, consulting and administration services relating to defined benefit pension plans. the nature of our work is complex. many clients, particularly in the public sector, have sizeable pension deficits and are subject to impact from volatility in the global markets and interest rate fluctuations. a number of mercer's clients have frozen or curtailed their defined benefit plans and have moved to defined contribution plans resulting in reduced revenue for mercer's retirement business. these developments, fee compression pressures, and a continued or accelerated rate of decline in revenues for our defined benefit pension plans business could adversely affect mercer's business and operating results. in addition, our actuarial services involve numerous assumptions and estimates regarding future and contingent events, including interest rates used to discount future liabilities, estimated rates of return for a plan's assets, healthcare cost trends, salary projections and participants' life expectancies. mercer's consulting services involve the drafting and interpretation of trust deeds and other complex documentation governing pension plans. mercer's administration services include calculating benefits within complicated pension plan structures. mercer's investments services include investment advice and management relating to defined benefit pension plan assets intended to fund present and future benefit obligations. clients dissatisfied with our services have brought, and may bring, significant claims against us, particularly in the united states and the united kingdom.
the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on ensuring that our consultants maintain adequate utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of our consultants' working hours devoted to billable activities). our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including:
•our ability to continually secure new business engagements, particularly because a portion of our work is project-based rather than recurring in nature;
•our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;
•our ability to retain key colleagues and consulting professionals;
•unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements;
•the potential for conflicts of interest that might require us to decline client engagements that we otherwise would have accepted;
•our need to devote time and resources to sales, training, professional development and other non-billable activities;
•the potential disruptive impact of acquisitions and dispositions; and
•general economic conditions.
if the utilization rate for our consulting professionals declines, our revenues, profit margin and profitability could decline.
in addition, the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on the prices we are able to charge for our services. the prices we charge are affected by a number of factors, including:
•clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services;
•market demand for the services we provide;
•our ability to develop new services and the introduction of new services by competitors;
•the pricing policies of our competitors;
•the extent to which our clients develop in-house or other capabilities to perform the services that they might otherwise purchase from us; and
•general economic conditions.
if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for our services, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general marsh & mclennan companies, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "company") is a global professional services firm offering clients advice in the areas of risk, strategy and people. the company's 83,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. with annual revenue of nearly $20 billion, the company helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading businesses. marsh provides data-driven risk advisory services and insurance solutions to commercial and consumer clients. guy carpenter develops advanced risk, reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and identify and capitalize on emerging opportunities. mercer delivers advice and solutions that help organizations create a dynamic world of work, shape retirement and investment outcomes, and unlock health and well being for a changing workforce. oliver wyman group serves as critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.
the company conducts business through two segments:
•risk and insurance services includes risk management activities (risk advice, risk transfer and risk control and mitigation solutions) as well as insurance and reinsurance broking and services. the company conducts business in this segment through marsh and guy carpenter.
•consulting includes health, wealth and career consulting services and products, and specialized management, economic and brand consulting services. the company conducts business in this segment through mercer and oliver wyman group.
the results of operations in the management discussion & analysis ("md&a") includes an overview of the company's consolidated 2021 results compared to the 2020 results, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes. this section also includes a discussion of the key drivers impacting the company's financial results of operations both on a consolidated basis and by reportable segments.
we describe the primary sources of revenue and categories of expense for each segment in the discussion of segment financial results. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in note 17, segment information, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 in this report.
for information and comparability of the company's results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for fiscal 2019, including the impact from the acquisition of jardine lloyd thompson group plc ("jlt"), see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
this md&a contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "information concerning forward-looking statements" at the outset of this report.
financial highlights
•consolidated revenue for the year 2021 was $19.8 billion, an increase of 15% compared with 2020, or 10% on an underlying basis.
•consolidated operating income increased $1.2 billion, or 41% to $4.3 billion in 2021 compared to $3.1 billion in 2020. net income attributable to the company was $3.1 billion. earnings per share increased 56% to $6.13.
•risk and insurance services revenue for the year 2021 was $12.1 billion, an increase of 17%, or 10% on an underlying basis. operating income was $3.1 billion, compared to $2.3 billion in 2020.
•consulting revenue for the year 2021 was $7.8 billion, an increase of 12%, or 10% on an underlying basis. operating income was $1.5 billion, compared with $1.0 billion in 2020.
•in 2021, marsh mclennan agency ("mma") completed a number of transactions, including the acquisition of paynewest, one of the largest independent agencies in the u.s.
•in 2021, the company raised $750 million of senior notes and repaid $500 million of senior notes in april 2021, and $500 million in december 2021 due in january 2022.
for additional details, refer to the consolidated results of operations and liquidity and capital resources sections in this md&a.
business update related to covid-19
the world health organization declared covid-19 a pandemic in march 2020. for almost two years, the pandemic has impacted businesses globally including virtually every geography in which the company operates. our businesses have been resilient throughout the pandemic and demand for our advice and services remains strong as the global economic conditions continue to improve.
although the majority of our colleagues continue to work remotely, the company has provided guidelines on return to the office depending on the level of virus containment and local health and safety regulations in each geography. the safety and well-being of our colleagues is paramount and the company expects to continue to service clients effectively in both the remote and in-office environments.
the company had strong revenue growth in 2021 and benefited from the continued recovery of the global economy. however, uncertainty remains in the economic outlook and the ultimate extent of the impact of covid-19 to the company will depend on future developments that it is unable to predict, including new "waves" of infection from emerging variants of the virus, potential renewed restrictions and mandates by various governments or agencies, and the distribution and uptake of vaccines and vaccine boosters.
acquisition of jlt on april 1, 2019, the company completed the acquisition (the "transaction") of all of the outstanding shares of jlt, a public company organized under the laws of england and wales. as of december 31, 2021, the company has substantially integrated jlt into all of its business operations.
after the acquisition of jlt, the company assumed the legal liabilities of jlt's litigation and regulatory exposures as of april 1, 2019. please see note 16, claims, lawsuits and other contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which discusses certain errors and omission matters related to the acquisition.
jlt's results of operations for the period april 1, 2019 through december 31, 2019 are included in the company's results of operations for 2019. jlt's results of operations for the period january 1 through march 31, 2019 are not included in the company's results of operations and therefore, affect comparability. the company's results for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were impacted by jlt related acquisition restructuring and integration costs as discussed in note 14, integration and restructuring costs, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31,(in millions, except per share data)                2021                    2020                    2019
expense compensation and benefits                                                     11,425                   10,129                   9,734
other operating expenses                                                       4,083                    4,029                   4,241
operating expenses                                                            15,508                   14,158                  13,975
operating income                                                              $4,312                   $3,066                  $2,677
average number of shares outstanding
consolidated operating income increased $1.2 billion, or 41% to $4.3 billion in 2021 compared to $3.1 billion in 2020, reflecting a 15% increase in revenue and a 10% increase in expenses. revenue growth was driven by increases in the risk and insurance services and consulting segments of 17% and 12%, respectively, reflecting the strong demand for our advice and services and the improvement in global economic conditions. the increase in expense is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in jlt integration costs and the jlt legacy e&o provision recorded in 2020.
diluted earnings per share increased 56% to $6.13 in 2021 compared with $3.94 in 2020. the increase is a result of higher operating income, lower interest expense and higher investment gains in 2021 compared to 2020. results in 2021 also include a net charge of approximately $110 million related to the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of a tax rate increase from 19% to 25% in the u.k. in the second quarter of 2021, offset by no tax impact on the gain from the re-measurement to fair value upon consolidation of the company's previously held equity method investment in india, tax benefits from share-based compensation and planning that included the utilization of foreign tax credits and postponing the utilization of the losses in the u.k. to a future year when the tax rate will be 25%.
changes in contingent consideration                                                57                            26                      68
gain on consolidation of business                                               (267)                             -                       -
disposal of businesses                                                           (49)                           (8)                       1
impact on operating income                                                      $(22)                          $578                    $674
in 2021 and 2020, the company's results of operations and earnings per share were impacted by the following items:
•restructuring costs, excluding jlt: includes severance, adjustments to restructuring liabilities for future rent under non-cancellable leases and other real estate exit costs, and restructuring costs related to the integration of recent acquisitions. these costs are discussed in more detail in note 14, integration and restructuring, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•changes in contingent consideration: primarily includes the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to acquisitions and dispositions as measured each quarter.
•jlt integration and restructuring costs: includes severance, real estate and technology rationalization, process management consulting fees, and legal fees for the rationalization of legal entity structures. the company has incurred jlt integration and restructuring costs of $679 million through 2021 and expects to incur the remaining $46 million in 2022, primarily related to real estate and technology, of which approximately $42 million will be cash expenditures. the company has realized at least $425 million of annualized savings. these costs are discussed in more detail in note 14, integration and restructuring, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the company expects to complete the integration of jlt during 2022.
•jlt acquisition-related costs and other: includes retention and legal charges related to the acquisition of jlt.
•jlt legacy e&o provision: in 2021, the company recorded a $36 million reduction in the liability as well as $33 million of recoveries under indemnities for a legacy jlt errors and omissions ("e&o") provision relating to suitability of financial advice provided to individuals for defined benefit pension transfers. the reduction in liability primarily reflects lower redress payments than previously estimated, partly offset by higher costs to review and calculate redress. in 2020, the company recorded an increase in the liability of $161 million related to this matter. see note 16, claims, lawsuits and other contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•legal claims: the company recorded settlement charges and legal costs related to strategic recruiting.
•gain on consolidation of business: in december 2021, the company increased its ownership in marsh india from 49% to 92%. prior to the increase in ownership, the company accounted for the investment under the equity method of accounting. in connection with the increased investment in marsh india, the company recorded a gain of $267 million, related to the re-measurement of its previously held investment to fair value.
•disposal of businesses: during 2021, the company disposed of certain businesses and recognized a net gain of approximately $50 million, primarily related to the commercial networks business in the u.k. that provided broking and back-office solutions for small independent brokers. results in 2020 include a contingent gain adjustment from the u.s. large market health and defined benefit administration business disposed in 2019.
consolidated revenue and expense revenue - components of change the company conducts business in 130 countries. as a result, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. similarly, certain other items such as the revenue impact of acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. underlying revenue measures the change in revenue from one period to another by isolating these impacts.
the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, on the company's operating revenues by segment are as follows:
year ended                   % change                                                                                                                                           components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentages)                  2021                        2020                                                      currency impact                                      acquisitions/                     underlying revenue dispositions/ other impact risk and insurance services marsh                                       $10,203                      $8,595                        19    %                                                                                                    2   %                                  6   %                  11   %
total risk and insurance services            12,085                      10,337                        17    %                                                                                                    2   %                                  5   %                  10   %
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year ended                   % change                                                                                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentages)                  2021                        2020                                                            currency impact                    acquisitions/ dispositions/ other impact                     underlying revenue marsh:
health                                        1,855                       1,793                         3    %                                                                                                                   1   %                                (1)   %                   3   %
* components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
consolidated revenue consolidated revenue increased $2.6 billion, or 15%, to $19.8 billion in 2021, compared to $17.2 billion in 2020. consolidated revenue increased 10% on an underlying basis, 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation and 3% from acquisitions. on an underlying basis, revenue increased 10% for the year ended december 31, 2021 in both the risk and insurance services and consulting segments.
underlying growth in the risk and insurance services and consulting segments was driven by the strong demand for our advice and services and the improvement in global economic conditions.
consolidated operating expense consolidated operating expenses increased $1.3 billion, or 10%, to $15.5 billion in 2021 compared to $14.2 billion in 2020, reflecting increases of 6% on an underlying basis, 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation and 1% from acquisitions. on an underlying basis, expenses increased 8% and 3% in 2021 in the risk and insurance services and consulting segments, respectively. underlying expenses in 2021 is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation.
risk and insurance services in the risk and insurance services segment, the company's subsidiaries and other affiliated entities act as brokers, agents or consultants for insureds, insurance underwriters and other brokers in the areas of risk management, insurance broking and insurance program management services, primarily under the name of marsh, and engage in reinsurance broking, catastrophe and financial modeling services and related advisory functions, primarily under the name of guy carpenter.
marsh and guy carpenter are compensated for brokerage and consulting services through commissions and fees. commission rates and fees vary in amount and can depend on a number of factors, including the type of insurance or reinsurance coverage provided, the particular insurer or reinsurer selected, and the capacity in which the broker acts and negotiates with clients. revenues can be affected by premium rate levels in the insurance/reinsurance markets, the amount of risk retained by insurance and reinsurance clients and by the value of the risks that have been insured since commission-based compensation is frequently related to the premiums paid by insureds and reinsureds. in many cases, fee compensation may be negotiated in advance, based on the type of risk, coverage required and service provided by the company and ultimately, the extent of the risk placed into the insurance market or retained by the client. the trends and comparisons of revenue from one period to the next can be affected by changes in premium rate levels, fluctuations in client risk retention and increases or decreases in the value of risks that have been insured, as well as new and lost business, and the volume of business from new and existing clients.
in addition to compensation from its clients, marsh also receives other compensation, separate from retail fees and commissions, from insurance companies. this other compensation includes, among other things, payment for consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; compensation for administrative and other services (including fees for underwriting services and services provided to or on behalf of insurers relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate); and contingent commissions, which are paid by insurers based on factors such as volume or profitability of marsh's placements, primarily driven by mma and parts of marsh's international operations. marsh and guy carpenter receive interest income on certain funds (such as premiums and claims proceeds) held in a fiduciary capacity for others. the investment of fiduciary funds is regulated by state and other insurance authorities. these regulations typically require segregation of fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made with them. interest income from these investments varies depending on the amount of funds invested and applicable interest rates, both of which vary from time to time. for presentation purposes, fiduciary interest is segregated from the other revenues of marsh and guy carpenter and separately presented within the segment, as shown in the previous revenue by segments tables.
the results of operations for the risk and insurance services segment are presented below:
compensation and benefits                     6,506                    5,690                    5,370
other operating expenses                      2,499                    2,301                    2,396
operating expenses                            9,005                    7,991                    7,766
operating income                             $3,080                   $2,346                   $1,833
operating income margin                        25.5   %                 22.7   %                 19.1   %
revenue revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased $1.7 billion, or 17%, to $12.1 billion in 2021 compared with $10.3 billion in 2020. revenue grew 10% on an underlying basis, 5% from the impact of acquisitions, and 2% related to the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying revenue was primarily due to strong growth in new business, solid retention, and benefits from pricing in the marketplace.
in marsh, revenue increased $1.6 billion, or 19%, to $10.2 billion in 2021 compared to $8.6 billion in 2020. this reflects increases of 11% on an underlying basis, 6% from the impact of acquisitions, and 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation. in 2021, the increase in revenue from acquisitions reflects the gain of $267 million related to the re-measurement of the previously held equity method investment in marsh india. on an underlying basis, u.s./canada rose 13%. total international operations, which includes asia pacific, latin america and emea each produced underlying revenue growth of 9% compared to prior year.
at guy carpenter, revenue increased $171 million, or 10%, to $1.9 billion in 2021 compared with $1.7 billion in 2020. on an underlying basis, revenue increased 9%.
the risk and insurance services segment completed eight acquisitions during 2021. information regarding those acquisitions is included in note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
operating expense expense in the risk and insurance services segment increased $1.0 billion, or 13%, to $9.0 billion in 2021 compared with $8.0 billion in 2020. this reflects increases of 8% on an underlying basis, 2% from the impact of foreign currency, and 2% from acquisitions. the increase in underlying expense reflects increased headcount and higher incentive compensation, partly offset by lower jlt integration and restructuring costs.
consulting the company conducts business in its consulting segment through mercer and oliver wyman group. mercer delivers advice and solutions that help organizations create a dynamic world of work, shape retirement and investment outcomes, and unlock health and well being for a changing workforce. oliver wyman serves as critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.
the major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services. mercer, principally through its health line of business, also earns revenue in the form of commissions received from insurance companies for the placement of group (and occasionally individual) insurance contracts, primarily life, health and accident coverages. revenue for mercer's investment management business and certain of mercer's defined contribution administration services consists principally of fees based on assets under management or administration. for a majority of the mercer managed investment funds, revenue is recorded on a gross basis with sub-advisor fees included in other operating expenses.
revenue in the consulting segment is affected by, among other things, global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. revenue is also affected by competition due to the introduction of new products and services, broad trends in employee demographics, including levels of employment, the effect of government policies and regulations, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates. revenues from investment management services and retirement trust and administrative services are significantly affected by the level of assets under management or administration, which is impacted by securities market performance.
the results of operations for the consulting segment are presented below:
compensation and benefits                     4,435                    3,995                    3,934
other operating expenses                      1,850                    1,987                    1,999
operating expenses                            6,285                    5,982                    5,933
operating income                             $1,504                     $994                   $1,210
operating income margin                        19.3   %                 14.3   %                 16.9   %
revenue consulting revenue increased $813 million, or 12%, to $7.8 billion in 2021 compared with $7.0 billion in 2020. this reflects increases of 10% on an underlying basis and 3% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
mercer's revenue increased $326 million, or 7%, to $5.3 billion in 2021 compared to $4.9 billion in 2020, or 5% on an underlying basis. revenue also reflects an increase of 3% from the impact of foreign currency translation offset by a decrease of 1% from disposition of businesses. on an underlying basis, revenue for career, wealth and health increased 12%, 4% and 3%, respectively. the increase in underlying revenue at mercer for the year ended december 31, 2021 was due to higher investment management fees from growth in assets under management and increased demand and retention for health and career products and services.
oliver wyman group's revenue increased $487 million, or 24%, to $2.5 billion in 2021 compared with $2.0 billion in 2020, reflecting an increase of 21% on an underlying basis and 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying revenue at oliver wyman for the year ended december 31, 2021 primarily reflects the impact of increased demand for project-based services across all industries.
the consulting segment completed one acquisition during 2021. information regarding the acquisition is included in note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
operating expense consulting expenses increased $303 million, or 5%, to $6.3 billion in 2021 compared to $6.0 billion in 2020. this reflects an increase of 3% on an underlying basis and 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expense in the consulting segment in 2021 is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation. this is partially offset by a $69 million reduction in the legacy jlt e&o provision including recoveries under indemnities. in 2020, the company recorded an increase in the liability of $161 million for the same matter.
corporate and other corporate expense in 2021 was $272 million compared with $274 million in 2020. expenses decreased 1% on an underlying basis due to lower integration and restructuring costs primarily related to the jlt transaction and savings realized from the completion of integration efforts to date, partly offset by higher headcount and incentive compensation.
other corporate items interest interest expense decreased $71 million to $444 million in 2021 compared to $515 million in 2020 due to lower average debt levels in 2021 compared to the prior year.
the caption "investment income (loss)" in the consolidated statements of income comprises realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments. it includes, when applicable, other than temporary declines in the value of securities, mark-to-market increases or decreases in equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity method gains or losses on its investments in private equity funds. the company's investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting or other strategically linked companies, and private equity funds.
the company recorded net investment income of $61 million in 2021 compared to a net investment loss of $22 million in 2020. the income in 2021 is primarily driven by gains in the company's private equity investments. the loss in 2020 was primarily due to a loss from the sale of shares of alexander forbes ("af").
income taxes the company's consolidated effective tax rate was 24.6% and 26.7% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the rates in all periods reflect the effects of tax planning and the impact of regulatory and other guidance as it became available.
•the charge for re-measuring the company's u.k. deferred tax assets and liabilities upon the enactment of legislation on june 10, 2021, commonly referred to as the "finance act 2021." the legislation increased the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25% effective april 1, 2023. this is the most significant discrete item in the year-to-date period, increasing the company's effective tax rate by 2.6% for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•the tax effect of the gain from the fair value re-measurement of the company's previously held equity method investment in marsh india upon the company increasing its ownership interest from 49% to 92%. the company has indefinitely reinvested this gain, as it has no intent to dispose of the business, and did not record tax on the gain. this decreased the company's effective tax rate by 1.5% for the year ended december 31, 2021.
•tax benefits from planning implemented in the period that postponed the utilization of losses in the u.k. to a future year when the tax rate will be 25%.
the tax rate in 2020 includes a valuation allowance for certain tax credits, the impact of uncertain tax positions, and certain tax planning benefits. the rate in 2020 also reflects costs of re-measuring the company's u.k. deferred tax assets and liabilities upon the enactment of legislation that cancelled a 2% reduction in the u.k. corporate income tax rate, partially offset by tax benefits for the implementation of a new international funding structure to facilitate global staffing and contracting.
the tax rates in all periods reflect the impact of discrete tax matters such as excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation, enacted tax legislation, changes in uncertain tax positions, deferred tax adjustments and non-taxable adjustments to contingent acquisition consideration.
the effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period for the foreseeable future. the effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings and repatriation of the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower tax rates. in 2021, pre-tax income in the u.k., barbados, canada, ireland, bermuda, and australia accounted for approximately 60% of the company's total non-u.s. pre-tax income, with effective rates in those countries of 21% (excluding the non-cash deferred tax impact of u.k. tax legislation enacted in 2021), 1%, 27%, 17%, 0.3% and 16%, respectively.
in addition, losses in certain jurisdictions cannot be offset by earnings from other operations, and may require valuation allowances that affect the rate, depending on estimates of the value of associated deferred tax assets which can be realized. a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that the company believes is more likely than not to be realized. details are provided in note 7, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the effective tax rate is also sensitive to changes in unrecognized tax benefits, including the impact of settled tax audits and expired statutes of limitation.
changes in tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations occur frequently and may also have significant favorable or adverse impacts on our effective tax rate.
as a u.s. domiciled parent holding company, the company is the issuer of essentially all of the company's external indebtedness, and incurs the related interest expense in the u.s. the company's interest expense deductions are not currently limited. further, most senior executive and oversight functions are conducted in the u.s. and the associated costs are incurred primarily in the u.s. some of these expenses may not be deductible in the u.s., which may impact the effective tax rate.
the quasi-territorial tax regime provides an opportunity for the company to repatriate foreign earnings more tax efficiently and there is less incentive for permanent reinvestment of these earnings. however, permanent reinvestment continues to be a component of the company's global capital strategy. the company continues to evaluate its global investment and repatriation strategy in light of our capital requirements and potential costs of repatriation.
the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act (the "cares act") was signed into law on march 27, 2020. the cares act provided over $2 trillion in economic relief to individuals, governmental agencies and companies, to deal with the public health and economic impacts of covid-19. pursuant to the cares act, the company deferred payroll taxes due from march 27, 2020 through december 31, 2020 and paid 50% in 2021 and will pay the remaining 50% in 2022.
liquidity and capital resources the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries. as the company does not have significant operations of its own, the company is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt obligations, pay dividends to stockholders, repurchase its shares and pay corporate expenses. the company can also provide financial support to its operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments and certain parts of their business that require liquidity, such as the capital markets business of guy carpenter. other sources of liquidity include borrowing facilities in financing cash flows.
the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside of the u.s. funds from those operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the u.s. out of annual earnings. at december 31, 2021, the company had approximately $737 million of cash and cash equivalents in its foreign operations, which includes $280 million of operating funds required to be maintained for regulatory requirements or as collateral under certain captive insurance arrangements. the company expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-u.s. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings. where appropriate, a portion of the current year earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested.
during 2021, the company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which decreased net equity by $389 million. continued weakening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would further increase the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries. conversely, strengthening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would decrease the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries.
cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets includes funds available for general corporate purposes. funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown separately in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. fiduciary funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes, and should not be considered as a source of liquidity for the company.
operating cash flows the company generated $3.5 billion of cash from operations in 2021 and $3.4 billion in 2020. these amounts reflect the net income of the company during those periods, excluding gains or losses from investments, adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in working capital which relate primarily to the timing of payments of accrued liabilities or receipts of assets and pension contributions.
pension-related items contributions during 2021, the company contributed $35 million to its u.s. pension plans and $95 million to non-u.s. pension plans compared to contributions of $65 million to u.s. plans and $78 million to non-u.s. plans in 2020.
in the u.s., contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on erisa guidelines and the company generally expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined in accordance with the erisa guidelines. in 2021, the company made $30 million of contributions to non-qualified plans and $5 million to its qualified plans. the company expects to contribute approximately $31 million to its non-qualified u.s. pension plans in 2022. the company is not required to make any contributions to its u.s. qualified plan in 2022.
outside the u.s., the company has a large number of non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, the largest of which are in the u.k., which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets at december 31, 2021. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ significantly from measurements under u.s. gaap.
in the u.k., the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee that typically occur every three years in conjunction with the actuarial valuation of the plans. currently, this results in a lower funded status compared to u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
during 2021, the jlt pension scheme was merged into the mmc u.k. pension fund with a new segregated jlt section created. the company made deficit contributions of $38 million to the jlt section in 2021 and is expected to make contributions totaling approximately $112 million in 2022. the funding level of the jlt section will be reassessed during 2022 to determine contributions in 2023 and onwards.
for the mmc u.k. pension fund, excluding the jlt section, an agreement was reached with the trustee in fourth quarter of 2019 based on the surplus funding position at december 31, 2018. in accordance with the agreement, no deficit funding is required until 2023. the funding level will be re-assessed during 2022 as part of the december 31, 2021 actuarial valuation to determine if contributions are required in 2023. as part of a long-term strategy which depends on having greater influence over asset allocation and overall investment decisions, in november 2019, the company renewed its agreement to support annual deficit contributions by the u.k. operating companies under certain circumstances, up to £450 million over a seven-year period.
in the aggregate, the company expects to contribute approximately $147 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2022, comprising approximately $124 million to the u.k. plans and $23 million to plans outside of the u.k.
changes in funded status and expense the year-over-year change in the funded status of the company's pension plans is impacted by the difference between actual and assumed results, particularly with regard to return on assets, and changes in the discount rate, as well as the amount of company contributions, if any. unrecognized actuarial losses were approximately $1.8 billion and $2.9 billion at december 31, 2021 for the u.s. plans and non-u.s. plans, respectively, compared with losses of $2.4 billion and $3.5 billion at december 31, 2020. the decreases in both the u.s. and non-u.s. plans were primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities and an increase in asset values. in the past several years, the amount of unamortized losses has been significantly impacted, both positively and negatively, by actual asset performance and changes in discount rates. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities in 2021 increased in the u.s. and u.k., the company's largest plans, following decreases in 2020 and 2019. an increase in the discount rate decreases the measured plan benefit obligation, resulting in actuarial gains, while a decrease in the discount rate increases the measured plan obligation, resulting in actuarial losses. during 2021, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had gains of 13.2% and 1.9% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively, as compared to gains of 13.1% and 12.0% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively, in 2020.
overall, based on the measurement at december 31, 2021, net benefit credits related to the company's defined benefit plans are expected to decrease in 2022 by approximately $23 million compared to 2021, reflecting a decrease in non-u.s. plans of approximately $40 million, offset by an increase in u.s. plans of $17 million.
the company's accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed in management's discussion of critical accounting policies. for additional information regarding the company's retirement plans, see note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, and note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
credit facilities on april 2, 2021, the company entered into an amended and restated multi-currency unsecured $2.8 billion five-year revolving credit facility ("new facility"). the interest rate on the new facility is based on libor plus a fixed margin which varies with the company's credit ratings. the new facility expires in april 2026 and requires the company to maintain certain coverage and leverage ratios which are tested quarterly. the new facility includes provisions for determining a libor successor rate in the event libor reference rates are no longer available or in certain other circumstances which are determined to make using an alternative rate desirable. as of december 31, 2021, the company had no borrowings under this facility. in connection with the new facility, the company terminated its previous multicurrency unsecured $1.8 billion five-year revolving credit facility and its unsecured $1.0 billion 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility.
in january 2020, the company entered into two new term loan facilities: a $500 million one-year facility and a $500 million two-year facility. during 2020, the company borrowed and repaid $1.0 billion against these facilities. these two facilities were terminated as of december 31, 2020 after repayment of the initial draw down.
the company also maintains other credit facilities, guarantees and letters of credit with various banks, aggregating $508 million at december 31, 2021 and $573 million at december 31, 2020. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities as of december 31, 2021 or as of december 31, 2020.
in december 2021, the company issued $400 million of 2.375% senior notes due 2031 and $350 million of 2.90% senior notes due 2051. the company used the net proceeds from these issuances for general corporate purposes and repaid $500 million of 2.75% senior notes with an original maturity date of january 2022 in december 2021.
on april 15, 2021, the company repaid $500 million of senior notes maturing in july 2021.
in december 2020, the company repaid $700 million of maturing senior notes and $300 million of floating rate notes with an original maturity of december 2021.
in may 2020, the company issued $750 million of 2.250% senior notes due 2030. the company used the net proceeds from this offering to pay outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
in march 2020, the company repaid $500 million of maturing senior notes.
share repurchases in november 2019, the board of directors authorized an increase in the company's share repurchase program, which supersedes any prior authorization, allowing management to buy back up to $2.5 billion of the company's common stock. during 2021, the company repurchased 7.9 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of approximately $1.2 billion. as of december 31, 2021, the company remained authorized to purchase shares of its common stock up to a value of approximately $1.3 billion. there is no time limit on this authorization.
the company did not repurchase any of its common stock during 2020.
dividends the company paid total dividends of $1.0 billion in 2021 ($2.00 per share) and $943 million in 2020 ($1.84 per share).
contingent payments related to acquisitions the classification of contingent consideration payments in the consolidated statement of cash flows is dependent upon whether the receipt, payment, or adjustment was part of the initial liability established on the acquisition date (financing) or an adjustment to the acquisition date liability (operating).
the following amounts are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows as operating and financing activities:
operating:
acquisition related net charge for adjustments                                          57                          26                        68
adjustments and payments related to contingent consideration                           $27                       $(22)                       $27
payments of deferred and contingent consideration for acquisitions                  $(117)                      $(122)                     $(65)
receipt of contingent consideration related to prior years' dispositions               $71                          $-                        $-
derivatives net investment hedge the company has investments in various subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. as a result, the company is exposed to the risk of fluctuations between the euro and u.s. dollar exchange rates. as part of its risk management program to fund the jlt acquisition, the company issued €1.1 billion senior notes, and designated the debt instruments as a net investment hedge of its euro denominated subsidiaries. the hedge is re-assessed each quarter to confirm that the designated equity balance at the beginning of each period continues to equal or exceed 80% of the outstanding balance of the euro debt instrument and that all the critical terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged net investment continue to match. if the hedge is highly effective, the change in the debt balance related to foreign exchange fluctuations will be recorded in foreign currency translation gains (losses) in the consolidated balance sheet. the u.s. dollar value of the euro notes decreased by $100 million during 2021 related to the change in foreign exchange rates. the company concluded that the hedge was highly effective and recorded a decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2021.
fiduciary liabilities since cash and cash equivalents held in a fiduciary capacity are not available for corporate use, they are shown in the consolidated balance sheet as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. financing cash flows reflect an increase of $1.2 billion and $955 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the increase in fiduciary liabilities.
the company paid $859 million and $647 million, net of cash, cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents held in a fiduciary capacity acquired, for acquisitions it made during 2021 and 2020, respectively, including the company's increased ownership interest in marsh india from 49% to 92% in december 2021.
during 2021 and 2020, the company sold certain businesses, primarily in the u.s. and u.k., for cash proceeds of approximately $84 million and $98 million, respectively.
the company sold 242 million shares of the common stock of af during 2020.
the company's additions to fixed assets and capitalized software, which amounted to $406 million in 2021 and $348 million in 2020, primarily related to computer equipment purchases, the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities, and software development costs.
the company has commitments for potential future investments of approximately $52 million in six private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies.
commitments and obligations the following sets forth the company's future contractual obligations by the types identified in the table below as of december 31, 2021:
1 year                    years                    years                     years current portion of long-term debt                  $17                      $17                        $-                       $-                       $-
net operating leases                             2,499                      389                       657                      529                      924
service agreements                                 325                      209                        84                       26                        6
the above table does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $94 million as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities, other than approximately $34 million that may become payable during 2022.
the above does not include the remaining transitional tax payments related to the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") of $62 million, which will be paid in installments beginning in 2023 through 2026.
management's discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates management makes estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to understanding the company's financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, and requires management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may differ from those estimates.
revenue recognition in the risk and insurance services segment, judgments related to the amount of variable revenue consideration to ultimately be received on placement of quota share reinsurance treaties and contingent commission from insurers, which was previously recognized when the contingency was resolved, now requires significant judgments and estimates.
management also makes significant judgments and estimates to measure the progress toward completing performance obligations and realization rates for consideration related to contracts as well as potential performance-based fees in the consulting segment.
the company capitalizes the incremental costs to obtain contracts primarily related to commissions or sales bonus payments. these deferred costs are amortized over the expected life of the underlying customer relationships. the company also capitalizes certain pre-placement costs that are considered fulfillment costs that are amortized at a point in time when the associated revenue is recognized.
see note 2, revenue, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
legal and other loss contingencies the company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for errors and omissions ("e&o"). the company records a liability when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable which requires significant management judgment. the company utilizes case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis by oliver wyman, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the unpredictability of e&o claims and of litigation that could arise from such claims, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow in a given quarterly or annual period.
in addition, to the extent that insurance coverage is available, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of recoveries that are probable of collection under the company's various insurance programs.
retirement benefits the company maintains qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for its eligible u.s. employees and a variety of defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its eligible non-u.s. employees. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth in u.s. and applicable foreign laws.
the company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic costs are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), net of tax, in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the gains and losses that exceed specified corridors, 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets, are amortized prospectively out of aoci over a period that approximates the remaining life expectancy of participants in plans where substantially all participants are inactive or the average remaining service period of active participants for plans with active participants. the vast majority of unrecognized losses relate to inactive plans and are amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the participants.
the determination of net periodic pension cost is based on a number of assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, mortality and assumed rate of salary increase. the assumptions used in the calculation of net periodic pension costs and pension liabilities are disclosed in note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined for each plan based on the facts and circumstances that exist as of the measurement date, and the specific portfolio mix of each plan's assets. the company utilizes a model developed by mercer, a subsidiary of the company, to assist in the determination of this assumption. the model takes into account several factors, including: target portfolio allocation; investment, administrative and trading expenses incurred directly by the plan trust; historical portfolio performance; relevant forward-looking economic analysis; and expected returns, variances and correlations for different asset classes. these measures are used to determine probabilities using standard statistical techniques to calculate a range of expected returns on the portfolio.
the target asset allocation for the u.s. plans is 60% equities and equity alternatives and 40% fixed income. at the end of 2021, the actual allocation for the u.s. plans was 65% equities and equity alternatives and 35% fixed income. the target asset allocation for the u.k. plans, which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets, is 26% equities and equity alternatives and 74% fixed income. at the end of 2021, the actual allocation for the u.k. plans was 28% equities and equity alternatives and 72% fixed income.
the following table shows the weighted average assumed rate of return and the discount rate at the december 31, 2021 measurement date used to measure pension expense in 2022 for the total company, the u.s. and the rest of world ("row").
total company                 u.s.                  row assumed rate of return on plan assets               4.56      %             6.88   %             3.64   %
holding all other assumptions constant, a half-percentage point change in the rate of return on plan assets and discount rate assumptions would affect net periodic pension cost for the u.s. and u.k. plans, which together comprise approximately 86% of total pension plan liabilities, as follows:
assumed rate of return on plan assets        $(24)                     $(54)         $24                       $54
the impact of discount rate changes relates to the increase or decrease in actuarial gains or losses being amortized through net periodic pension cost, as well as the increase or decrease in interest expense, with all other facts and assumptions held constant. it does not contemplate nor include potential future impacts a change in the interest rate environment and discount rates might cause, such as the impact on the market value of the plans' assets. in addition, the assumed return on plan assets would likely be impacted by changes in the interest rate environment and other factors, including equity valuations, since these factors reflect the starting point used in the company's projection models. for example, a reduction in interest rates may result in a reduction in the assumed return on plan assets. changing the discount rate and leaving the other assumptions constant also may not be representative of the impact on expense, because the long-term rates of inflation and salary increases are often correlated with the discount rate. changes in these assumptions will not necessarily have a linear impact on the net periodic pension cost.
the company contributes to certain health care and life insurance benefits provided to its retired employees. the cost of these post-retirement benefits for employees in the u.s. is accrued during the period up to the date employees are eligible to retire but is funded by the company as incurred. the key assumptions and sensitivity to changes in the assumed health care cost trend rate are discussed in note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes significant judgment is required in determining the annual effective tax rate and in evaluating uncertain tax positions. the company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process:
•first, the company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on only the technical merits of the position. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the benefit of that position is not recognized in the financial statements.
•the second step is measurement. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50-percent likely of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period and involve significant management judgment. subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, de-recognition, and measurement. adjustments may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities, or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
the company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. the company's accounting policy follows the portfolio approach that leaves stranded income tax effects in aoci.
certain items are included in the company's tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. as a result, the annual tax expense reflected in the consolidated statements of income is different than that reported in the tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as non-deductible expenses, and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are measured at existing tax rates. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements. the company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income by jurisdiction, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. the company also considers tax planning strategies that would result in realization of deferred tax assets, and the presence of taxable income in prior period tax filings in jurisdictions that allow for the carry back of tax attributes pursuant to the applicable tax law. the underlying assumptions the company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the company's recent performance. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is estimated that it is more-likely-than-not that future taxable income will be insufficient to fully use a deduction or credit in that jurisdiction.
fair value determinations goodwill impairment testing - the company is required to assess goodwill and any indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the company performs the annual impairment assessment for each of its reporting units during the third quarter of each year. a company can assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. alternatively, the company may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. in 2021, the company elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment. as part of its assessment, the company considered numerous factors, including:
•that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying value by a substantial margin based on its most recent quantitative assessment in 2019;
•whether significant acquisitions or dispositions occurred which might alter the fair value of its reporting units;
•macroeconomic conditions and their potential impact on reporting unit fair values;
•actual performance compared with budget and prior projections used in its estimation of reporting unit fair values;
•industry and market conditions; and
•the year-over-year change in the company's share price.
the company completed its qualitative assessment in the third quarter of 2021 and concluded that a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required in 2021 and that goodwill was not impaired.
purchase price allocation assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including contingent consideration, as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. the excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also requires management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. these estimates directly impact the amount of identified intangible assets recognized and the related amortization expense in future periods.
new accounting pronouncements note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the company's significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact or potential future impact on the company's financial results, if determinable, under the sub-heading "new accounting pronouncements."