●   provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or tccc may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.
provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or tccc may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.
our organizational documents may limit changes in control. furthermore, as of february 16, 2022, mr. sacks and mr. schlosberg together may be deemed to beneficially own and/or exercise voting control over approximately 10% of our outstanding common stock. as of february 16, 2022, tccc owned approximately 19% of our common stock. tccc has also nominated one director to the company's board of directors. consequently, mr. sacks, mr. schlosberg and tccc could exercise significant control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including electing directors, amending organizational documents and disapproving extraordinary transactions such as a takeover attempt, even though such actions may be favorable to the other common stockholders.
canarchy acquisition on february 17, 2022, we completed our acquisition of canarchy craft brewery collective llc ("canarchy"), a craft beer and hard seltzer company, for $330.0 million in cash, subject to adjustments. the transaction allows us to enter the alcohol beverage sector and brings the cigar city family of brands including jai alai ipa and florida man ipa, the oskar blues family of brands including dale's pale ale and wild basin hard seltzers, the deep ellum family of brands including dallas blonde and deep ellum ipa, the perrin brewing family of brands including black ale, the squatters family of brands including hop rising double ipa and juicy ipa and the wasatch family of brands including apricot hefeweizen to our beverage portfolio. the transaction does not include canarchy's stand-alone restaurants. our organizational structure for our existing energy beverage business will remain unchanged. canarchy will function independently, retaining its own organizational structure and team.
●   provisions in our organizational documents and/or control by insiders which may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders;