item 1a.    risk factors forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k includes "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined in section 27a of the securities act and section 21e of the exchange act. all statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated in this form 10-k could be deemed forward-looking statements, particularly statements about our plans, strategies and prospects under the headings "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "business." forward-looking statements are often characterized by the use of words such as "believes," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "may," "will," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "should" or similar expressions, or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. all forward-looking statements in this form 10-k are made based on our current expectations, forecasts, estimates and assumptions, and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause results or events to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. we assume no obligation to update such information, except as may be required by law.
you should carefully consider the trends, risks and uncertainties described below and other information in this form 10-k and subsequent reports filed with or furnished to the sec before making any investment decision with respect to our securities. if any of the following trends, risks or uncertainties actually occurs or continues, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially and adversely affected, the trading prices of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to our business the manufacturing and other operations required to produce our products are highly dependent on the efficient operation of numerous processes, including processes contingent upon third party component manufacturers and other service providers and processes among our various internal facilities, and any disruption in these processes could have a material adverse effect on our ability to produce many of our products at all or at competitive prices, which could in turn materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our manufacturing network includes multiple owned and third-party facilities, which may each produce one or more components necessary for the assembly of a single product. as a result of this interdependence, an operational disruption at a facility may have a disproportionate impact on our ability to produce many of our products. in the event of a disruption at any such facility, we may be unable to effectively source replacement components on acceptable terms from qualified third parties, in which case our ability to produce many of our products could be materially disrupted or delayed. conversely, some of our facilities are single source facilities that only produce one of our end-products, and a disruption at any such facility would materially delay or cease production of the related product. in the event of any such operational disruption, we may experience difficulty in beginning production of replacement components or products at new facilities or transferring production to other existing facilities, any of which could result in a loss of future revenues and materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
in addition, for certain manufacturing activities and for the supply of raw materials, we utilize third-party contractors. our agreements with these manufacturers typically require us to commit to purchase services based on forecasted product needs, which may be inaccurate, and, in some cases, require longer-term commitments. we are also dependent upon a limited number of highly specialized third-party suppliers for required components and materials for certain of our key technologies. arranging for replacement manufacturers and suppliers can be time-consuming and costly, and the number of qualified alternative providers can be extremely limited. our business operations, productivity and customer relations could be materially adversely affected if these contractual relationships were disrupted or terminated, the cost of such services increased significantly, the quality of the services provided deteriorated or our forecasted needs proved to be materially incorrect. generally, our agreements with suppliers of raw materials impose no minimum or continuing supply obligations, and we obtain our raw materials and supplies from a large number of sources. shortages could occur in various essential raw materials, and if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials in a timely manner, the costs of our raw materials increases significantly, their quality deteriorates or they give rise to compatibility or performance issues in our products, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our manufacturing efficiency is contingent upon the operations of these interdependent processes and will continue to be an important factor in our future profitability, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain this manufacturing efficiency, increase manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors, or be successful in our manufacturing rationalization plans. if we are unable to utilize our manufacturing facilities, testing facilities and external manufacturers at expected or minimum purchase obligation levels, or if production capacity increases while revenue does not, the fixed costs and other operating expenses associated with these facilities and arrangements will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross profits, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the effects of the covid-19 pandemic have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our business has been, and is expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition to global macroeconomic effects, the covid-19 pandemic and related adverse public health developments have been causing, and are expected to continue to cause, disruption to our domestic and international operations and sales activities. in addition, we and our suppliers, third-party distributors, sub-contractors and customers have been, and are expected to continue to be, disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines and restrictions on certain of our employees' ability to perform their jobs, office and factory closures or restrictions, labor shortages, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures or other travel or health-related restrictions. depending on the magnitude of such effects on our manufacturing activities or the operations of our suppliers, third-party distributors or sub-contractors, our supply chain, manufacturing and product shipments could be delayed, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, any economic downturn or recession brought on by the covid-19 pandemic or other disease outbreaks could adversely affect demand for our products and impact our results of operations and financial condition. these effects, alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, legal exposure, or financial condition. the extent of the covid-19 pandemic's effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and intensity of the pandemic, including resurgences in certain geographic areas as a result of new strains and variants, such as delta and omicron, the efficacy of vaccines, the speed of vaccine rollouts and the effect of vaccine mandates, if any, on our employees, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. while we are not able at this time to estimate the long-term effect of these factors on our business, the adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows has been, and could continue to be, material.
we may be unable to implement certain business strategies, which may include exiting certain facilities, product lines or businesses, or restructuring our operations, and any issue with the pursuit of such business strategy developments could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may from time to time determine to implement business strategies and restructuring initiatives in order to remain competitive. because our strategies and restructuring activities may involve changes to many aspects of our business, including the location of our production facilities and personnel and the potential exit of certain product lines and businesses, our ability to successfully do so depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. if we are not able to effectively manage or efficiently implement these strategies and/or restructuring initiatives for reasons within or outside of our control, then our business operations could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, implementation of a business strategy may lead to the disruption of our existing business operations. for example, following the announcement of our commitment to achieving carbon neutral emissions by 2040, we may take actions to pursue our goal of generating net-zero emissions that may result in material expenditures that could impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or could disrupt our existing operations. in addition, the failure to successfully and timely realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions or strategies could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, even if we fully execute and implement these activities, there may be other unforeseeable and unintended consequences that could materially adversely impact our profitability and business, including unintended employee attrition or harm to our competitive position. to the extent that we do not achieve the profitability enhancement or other anticipated benefits of strategy or restructuring initiatives, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
if we are unable to identify and make the substantial research and development investments or develop new products required to satisfy customer demands as required to remain competitive in our business, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
the semiconductor industry requires substantial investment in research and development in order to develop and bring to market enhanced technologies and products. the development of new products is complex and time-consuming, often requiring significant capital investment and lead time for development and testing. we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient resources to maintain the level of investment in research and development required to remain competitive. in addition, the lengthy development cycle for certain of our products could limit our ability to adapt quickly to changes affecting the product markets and requirements of our customers and end-users, and we may be unable to develop innovative responses to our customers' and end-users' evolving needs on the timelines they require or at all. there can be no assurance that we will win competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," for new products. in addition, design wins do not guarantee that we will make customer sales or generate sufficient revenue to recover design and development investments, realize a return on the capital expended or achieve expected gross margins, as expenditures for technology and product development are generally made before the commercial viability for such developments can be assured. to the extent that we underinvest in our research and development efforts, fail to recognize the need for innovation with respect to our products, or that our investments and capital expenditures in research and development do not lead to sales of new products, we may be unable to bring to market technologies and products attractive to customers, and so our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
the semiconductor industry is characterized by rapidly changing technologies, innovation, short product life cycles, evolving regulatory and industry standards and certifications, changing customer needs and frequent new product introductions. products are frequently replaced by more technologically advanced substitutes and, as demand for older technology falls, the price at which such products can be sold drops. if we cannot advance our process technologies or improve our production efficiencies to a degree sufficient to maintain required margins, we will no longer be able to make a profit from the sale of older products. in certain limited cases, we may not be able to cease production of older products, either due to contractual obligations or for customer relationship reasons and, as a result, may be required to bear a loss on such products for a sustained period of time. if reductions in our production costs fail to keep pace with reductions in market prices for products we sell, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. if our new product development efforts fail to align with the needs of our customers, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the semiconductor industry is highly competitive, and has experienced rapid consolidation, and if we are unable to compete effectively or identify attractive opportunities for consolidation, it could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the semiconductor industry is highly competitive, and our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control. we face significant competition within each of our product lines from major global semiconductor companies as well as smaller companies focused on specific market niches. in addition, companies not currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing products in the future.
if we are unable to compete effectively, our competitive position could be weakened relative to our peers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. products or technologies developed by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. we also may be unable to market and sell our products if they are not competitive on the basis of price, quality, technical performance, features, system compatibility, customized design, innovation, availability, delivery timing and reliability. if we fail to compete effectively on developing strategic relationships with customers and customer sales and technical support, our sales and revenue may be materially adversely affected. competitive pressures may limit our ability to raise prices, and any inability to maintain revenue or raise prices to offset increases in costs could have a significant adverse effect on our gross margin. reduced sales and lower gross margins would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the semiconductor industry has experienced, and may continue to experience, significant consolidation among companies and vertical integration among customers. larger competitors resulting from consolidations may have certain advantages over us, and we may be at a competitive disadvantage if we fail to identify attractive opportunities to acquire companies to expand our business. consolidation among competitors and integration among customers could erode our market share, impair our capacity to compete and require us to restructure operations, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business.
because a significant portion of our revenue is derived from customers in the automotive industry, a downturn or lower sales to customers in the industry could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
a significant portion of our sales are to customers within the automotive industry. sales into this industry represented approximately 34% of our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021. the automotive industry is cyclical, and, as a result, our customers in the industry are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, disruptive innovation and end-market preferences, which can adversely affect sales of our products and, correspondingly, our results of operations. additionally, the quantity and price of our products sold to customers in the industry could decline despite continued growth in its respective end markets. lower sales to customers in the automotive industry may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. further, to the extent we have long-term supply agreements with our customers which includes fixed pricing, we could be subject to fluctuating manufacturing costs that could negatively impact our profitability. additionally, under our long-term supply agreements, we could incur certain obligations if we are not able to fulfill our commitments our operating results depend, in part, on the performance of independent distributors.
a portion of our sales occurs through global and regional distributors that are not under our control. we rely on distributors to grow and develop their customer base and anticipate customer needs, and any lack of such actions by our distributors may adversely affect our results of operations. these independent distributors also generally represent product lines offered by several companies and are not subject to any minimum sales requirements or obligation to market our products to their customers. in turn, distributors could reduce their sales efforts for our products or choose to terminate their representation of us. additionally, we rely on our distributors to provide accurate and timely sales reports in order for us to be able to generate financial reports that accurately represent distributor sales of our products during any given period. any inaccuracies or untimely reports could adversely affect our ability to produce accurate and timely financial reports and recognize revenue.
changes in, and the regulatory implementation of, tariffs or other government trade policies could reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell our products to certain customers or our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, which may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
the imposition of tariffs and trade restrictions as a result of international trade disputes or changes in trade policies may adversely affect our sales and profitability. for example, additional tariffs and the related geopolitical uncertainty between the united states and china and other countries may cause decreased end market demand for our products from distributors and other customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, tariffs on components that we import from certain nations that have imposed, or may in the future impose, tariffs may adversely affect our profitability unless we are able to exclude such components from the tariffs or we raise prices for our products, which may result in our products becoming less attractive relative to products offered by our competitors. to the extent that our sales or profitability are negatively affected by any such tariffs or other trade actions, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our international sales and purchases are subject to numerous united states and foreign laws and regulations related to import and export matters. for example, licenses or proper license exceptions are required for the shipment of our products to certain countries under applicable export control regulations, including the provisions of the u.s. export administration act. a determination by the u.s. government or any foreign government that we have failed to comply with trade or export regulations can result in penalties, including fines, administrative, civil or criminal penalties or other liabilities, seizure of products, or, in the extreme case, denial of export privileges or suspension or debarment from government contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our sales, business and results of operations.
our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, management and staff personnel, both in the u.s. and internationally. in the semiconductor industry, the competition for qualified personnel, particularly experienced design engineers and other technical employees is intense. during such periods, competitors may try to recruit our most valuable technical employees. additionally, we have entered into employment agreements with certain senior executives, but we do not have employment agreements with most of our employees. many of these employees could leave our company with little or no prior notice and would be free to work for a competitor. while we devote a great deal of our attention to designing competitive compensation programs aimed at attracting and retaining personnel, specific elements of our compensation programs may not be competitive with those of our competitors, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our current personnel or recruit the key personnel we require. if one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them easily or at all and other senior management may be required to divert attention from other aspects of our business. loss of the services of, or failure to effectively recruit, qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and on our business.
warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls, and the failure to comply with the terms and conditions of our contracts, could harm our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
manufacturing semiconductors is a highly complex and precise process, requiring production in a tightly controlled, clean environment. minute impurities in our manufacturing materials, contaminants in the manufacturing environment, manufacturing equipment failures, and other defects can cause our products to be non-compliant with customer requirements or otherwise nonfunctional. we face an inherent business risk of exposure to warranty and product liability claims in the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure of our products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury or property damage (or both). in addition, if any of our designed products are or are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in their recall. as suppliers become more integrally involved in electrical design, oems are increasingly expecting them to warrant their products and are looking to them for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. a successful warranty or product liability claim against us in excess of our available insurance coverage, if any, and established reserves, or a requirement that we participate in a product recall, could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, in the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure of our products results in a recall, our reputation may be damaged, which could make it more difficult for us to sell our products to existing and prospective customers and could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
since a defect or failure in our product could give rise to failures in the goods that incorporate them (and claims for consequential damages against our customers from their customers), we may face claims for damages that are disproportionate to the revenue and profits we receive from the products involved. in certain instances, we attempt to limit our liability through our standard terms and conditions or other contractual provisions, but there is no assurance that such limitations will be effective. to the extent we are liable for damages in excess of the revenue and profits received from the products involved, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
currency fluctuations, changes in foreign exchange regulations and repatriation delays and costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we have sizeable sales and operations in the asia/pacific region and europe and a significant amount of this business is transacted in currency other than u.s. dollars. in addition, while a significant percentage of our cash is generated outside the u.s., many of our liabilities, including our outstanding indebtedness, and certain other cash payments, such as share repurchases, are payable in the u.s. in u.s. dollars. as a result, currency fluctuations and changes in foreign exchange regulations can have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition.
in addition, repatriation of funds held outside the u.s. could have adverse tax consequences and could be subject to delay due to required local country approvals or local obligations. foreign exchange regulations may also limit our ability to convert or repatriate foreign currency. as a result of having a lower amount of cash and cash equivalents in the u.s., our financial flexibility may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to make interest and principal payments due under our various debt obligations. restrictions on repatriation or the inability to use cash held abroad to fund our operations in the u.s. may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to intellectual property if our technologies are subject to claims of infringement on the ip rights of others, efforts to address such claims could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we may from time to time be subject to claims that we may be infringing the ip rights of others. if necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses under such ip rights. however, we cannot assure you that we will obtain such licenses or that the terms of any offered licenses will be acceptable to us. the failure to obtain a license from a third party for ip we use could cause us to incur substantial liabilities or to suspend the manufacture or shipment of products or our use of processes requiring such technologies. further, we may be subject to ip litigation, which could cause us to incur significant expense, materially adversely affect sales of the challenged product or technologies and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, whether or not such litigation is resolved in our favor. in the event of an adverse outcome or pursuant to the terms of a settlement of any such litigation, we may be required to: pay substantial damages or settlement costs; indemnify customers or distributors; cease the manufacture, use, sale or importation of infringing products; expend significant resources to develop or acquire non-infringing technologies; discontinue the use of processes; or obtain licenses, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to the infringing technologies.
the outcome of ip litigation is inherently uncertain and, if not resolved in our favor, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we are unable to protect the ip we have developed or licensed, our competitive position, business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
the enforceability of our patents, trademarks, copyrights, software licenses and other ip is uncertain in certain circumstances. effective ip protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in the u.s. and internationally. the various laws and regulations governing our registered and unregistered ip assets, patents, trade secrets, trademarks, mask works and copyrights to protect our products and technologies are subject to legislative and regulatory change and interpretation by courts. with respect to our ip generally, we cannot assure you that:
•any of the substantial number of u.s. or foreign patents and pending patent applications that we employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, abandoned or licensed to others;
•any of our pending or future patent applications will be issued or have the coverage originally sought;
•any of the trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how or mask works that we employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, abandoned or licensed to others;
•any of our pending or future trademark, copyright, or mask work applications will be issued or have the coverage originally sought; or
•that we will be able to successfully enforce our ip rights in the u.s. or foreign countries.
when we seek to enforce our rights, we are often subject to claims that the ip right is invalid, is otherwise not enforceable or is licensed to the party against whom we are asserting a claim. in addition, our assertion of ip rights often results in the other party seeking to assert alleged ip rights of its own against us, which may materially and adversely impact our business. an unfavorable ruling in these sorts of matters could include money damages or an injunction prohibiting us from manufacturing or selling one or more products, which could in turn negatively affect our business, results of operations or cash flows.
in addition, some of our products and technologies are not covered by any patents or pending patent applications. we seek to protect our proprietary technologies, including technologies that may not be patented or patentable, in part by confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, inventors' rights agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants. we cannot assure you that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach or that persons or institutions will not assert rights to ip arising out of our research. should we be unable to protect our ip, competitors may develop products or technologies that duplicate our products or technologies, benefit financially from innovations for which we bore the costs of development and undercut the sales and marketing of our products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to technology and data privacy we may be subject to disruptions or breaches of our secured network that could irreparably damage our reputation and our business, expose us to liability and materially adversely affect our results of operations.
we routinely collect and store sensitive data, including confidential and other proprietary information about our business and our employees, customers, suppliers and business partners. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. we may be subject to disruptions or breaches of our secured network caused by computer viruses, illegal hacking, criminal fraud or impersonation, acts of vandalism or terrorism or employee error. our cyber security measures and/or those of our third-party service providers and/or customers may not detect or prevent such security breaches. the costs to us to reduce the risk of or alleviate cyber security breaches and vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions and delays that may materially impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. any such compromise of our information security could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized publication of our confidential business or proprietary information or that of other parties with which we do business, an interruption in our operations, the unauthorized transfer of cash or other of our assets, the unauthorized release of customer or employee data or a violation of privacy or other laws. in addition, computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our products, or that otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities, and any such attack, if successful, could expose us to liability to customer claims. any of the foregoing could irreparably damage our reputation and business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. we collect personally identifiable information ("pii") and other data as part of our business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory or other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union and other relevant jurisdictions where we conduct business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of pii and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions that are currently more restrictive than those in the u.s. any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations, could result in additional cost and liability to the company or company officials, including substantial monetary fines, and could damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to regulation environmental and health and safety liabilities and expenditures could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the semiconductor industry has been subject to increasing environmental regulations, particularly those environmental regulations that control and restrict the use, transportation, emission, discharge, storage and disposal of certain chemicals, elements and materials used or produced in the semiconductor manufacturing process. we also have operations subject to laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health, which, among other requirements, regulate employee exposure to hazardous substances. we have indemnities from third parties for certain environmental and health and safety liabilities for periods prior to our operations at some of our current and past sites, and we have also purchased environmental insurance to cover certain claims related to historical contamination and future releases of hazardous substances. however, we cannot assure you that such indemnification arrangements and insurance will cover any or all of our material environmental costs. in addition, the nature of our operations exposes us to the continuing risk of environmental and health and safety liabilities including:
•changes in u.s. and international environmental or health and safety laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, future laws or regulations imposed in response to climate change concerns;
•the manner in which environmental or health and safety laws or regulations will be enforced, administered or interpreted;
•our ability to enforce and collect under indemnity agreements and insurance policies relating to environmental liabilities;
•the cost of compliance with future environmental or health and safety laws or regulations or the costs associated with any future environmental claims, including the cost of clean-up of currently unknown environmental conditions; or
•the cost of fines, penalties or other legal liability, should we fail to comply with environmental or health and safety laws or regulations.
to the extent that we face unforeseen environmental or health and safety compliance costs or remediation expenses or liabilities that are not covered by indemnities or insurance, we may bear the full effect of such costs, expenses and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the fcpa. our failure to comply with these laws could result in penalties that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to the fcpa, which generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits, along with various other anti-corruption laws. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and other intermediaries comply with the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws to which we are subject, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will work effectively all of the time or protect us against liability under the fcpa or other laws for actions taken by our employees and other intermediaries with respect to our business or any businesses that we may acquire. if we are not in compliance with the fcpa and other laws governing the conduct of business with government entities (including local laws), we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. any investigation of any potential violations of the fcpa or other anti-corruption laws by the u.s. or foreign authorities could harm our reputation and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could be subject to changes in tax legislation or have exposure to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we conduct operations worldwide through our foreign subsidiaries and are, therefore, subject to complex income tax and transfer pricing regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. changes to, or interpretations of, tax legislation or regulations could significantly increase our effective tax rate and ultimately reduce our cash flow from operating activities. in addition, other factors or events, such as changes to our operating structure, strategy and investment decisions, could also increase our future effective tax rate and ultimately reduce our cash flow from operating activities.
tax rules may change in a manner that adversely affects our future reported results of operations or the way we conduct our business. in response to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act and to better align our profits with our activities, we implemented certain restructuring during the year ended december 31, 2020. after our restructuring, most of our income is taxable in the united states with a significant portion qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income ("fdii"). beginning in 2026, the effective rate for fdii increases from 13% to 16%. further, if u.s. rates increase and/or the fdii deduction is eliminated or reduced, both of which have been proposed by the current u.s. presidential administration and congress, our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely (potentially materially)
affected. also, if our customers move manufacturing operations to the united states, our fdii deduction may be reduced.
further changes in tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project that was undertaken by the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"). the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles related to transfer pricing and continues to develop new proposals including allocating greater taxing rights to countries where customers are located and establishing a minimum tax on global income. these changes, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and financial condition.
social and environmental responsibility regulations, policies and provisions, as well as customer and investor demands, may make our supply chain more complex and may adversely affect our relationships with customers and investors.
with the increasing focus on corporate social and environmental responsibility in the semiconductor industry, a number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions or requirements that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and conditions. in addition, an increasing number of oems are seeking to source products that do not contain minerals sourced from areas where proceeds from the sale of such minerals are likely to be used to fund armed conflicts, such as in the democratic republic of congo. this could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices, including our products. as a result, we may face difficulties in satisfying these customers' demands, which may harm our sales and operating results.
more investors are also requiring companies to disclose corporate social and environmental policies, practices and metrics. in addition, various jurisdictions are developing climate change-based laws or regulations that could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. these legal and regulatory requirements, as well as investor expectations, on corporate environmental and social responsibility practices and disclosure, are subject to change, can be unpredictable and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with. if we are unable to comply, or are unable to cause our suppliers to comply, with such policies or provisions or meet the requirements of our customers and investors, a customer may stop purchasing products from us or an investor may sell their shares, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to our indebtedness our debt could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $3,258.3 million of outstanding principal relating to our indebtedness. we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future to repay or refinance other outstanding debt, to make acquisitions or for other purposes, and if we incur additional debt, the related risks that we now face could intensify. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $1.97 billion available for future borrowings under the revolving credit facility. the degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences to our potential and current investors, including:
•our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes may be impaired;
•the timing, amount and execution of our capital allocation policy, including our share repurchase program (as defined below), could be affected by the degree to which we are leveraged;
•a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities must be dedicated to service our debt, which reduces the funds available to us for our operations and may limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests;
•some of our debt are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest, which may result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in market interest rates;
•our debt agreements may contain, and any agreements to refinance our debt could continue to contain, financial and restrictive covenants, and our failure to comply with them may result in an event of default which if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us;
•our level of indebtedness will increase our vulnerability to, and reduce our flexibility to respond to, general economic downturns and adverse industry and business conditions;
•our existing debt requires substantially all of our assets to be collateralized and to the extent any future debt we incur requires collateral to secure such indebtedness, our assets could be at risk and our flexibility related to such assets could be limited;
•our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the semiconductor industry;
•our ability to deduct interest expense that we may incur may be limited or deferred under u.s. and/or local tax rules, including section 163(j) of the code and the treasury regulations promulgated thereunder; and
•our level of indebtedness may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to less leveraged competitors.
to the extent that we continue to maintain or expand our significant indebtedness, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
the inability to meet our obligations under our amended credit agreement could materially and adversely affect us by, among other things, limiting our ability to conduct our operations and reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
the obligations under the amended credit agreement are collateralized by a lien on substantially all of the personal property and material real property assets of the company's domestic subsidiaries. as a result, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations under the amended credit agreement, the lenders could take possession of and foreclose on the pledged collateral securing the indebtedness, in which case we would be at risk of losing the related collateral, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. in addition, subject to customary exceptions, the amended credit agreement requires mandatory prepayment under certain circumstances, which may result in prepaying outstanding amounts under the revolving credit facility and the term loan "b" facility rather than using funds for other business purposes. our financing could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including, among other things, our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes and could reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
the agreements relating to our indebtedness, including the amended credit agreement and the 3.875% notes, may restrict our ability to operate our business, and as a result may materially adversely affect our results of operations.
our debt agreements, including the amended credit agreement and the 3.875% notes, contain, and any future debt agreements may include, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. such restrictive covenants may significantly limit our ability to: incur additional debt, including issuing guarantees; incur liens; make certain investments; settle a conversion of our 1.625% notes in whole or in part with cash; redeem, or otherwise perform our obligations under the terms of, our 3.875% notes; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; make acquisitions; engage in mergers or consolidations or certain other "change of control" transactions; make distributions to our stockholders; engage in restructuring activities; engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions; and issue or repurchase stock or other securities.
such agreements may also require us to satisfy other requirements, including maintaining certain financial ratios and condition tests. our ability to meet these requirements can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may be unable to meet them. to the extent we fail to meet any such requirements and are in default under our debt obligations, our financial condition may be materially adversely affected. these restrictions may limit our ability to engage in activities that could otherwise benefit us. to the extent that we are unable to engage in activities that support the growth, profitability and competitiveness of our business, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service obligations, and any inability to repay our debt when required would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to make required payments on our debt obligations will depend on our future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. if we do not generate sufficient cash to satisfy our debt obligations as they come due, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling additional assets, reducing or delaying capital investments, or seeking to raise additional capital. we cannot assure you that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales, or that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect.
furthermore, we cannot assure you that, if we were required to repurchase any of our debt securities upon a change of control or other specified event, our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments or that we would be able to refinance or restructure the payments on those debt securities. if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our collateralized debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness, which could materially negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. a default under our committed credit facilities, including our amended credit agreement, could also limit our ability to make further borrowings under those facilities, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. in addition, to the extent we are not able to borrow or refinance debt obligations, we may have to issue additional shares of our common stock, which would have a dilutive effect to the current stockholders.
an event of default under any agreement relating to our outstanding indebtedness could cross default other indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if there were an event of default under certain of our agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately, which default or acceleration of debt could cross default other indebtedness. any such cross default would put immediate pressure on our liquidity and financial condition and would amplify the risks described above with regards to being unable to repay our indebtedness when due and payable. we cannot assure you that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default and, as described above, any inability to repay our debt when due would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if our operating subsidiaries, which may have no independent obligation to repay our debt, are not able to make cash available to us for such repayment, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. repayment of our indebtedness is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are guarantors of our indebtedness, our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay amounts due on such indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and, under certain circumstances, legal, contractual, governmental, or regulatory restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. in the event that we do not receive distributions or payments from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness and, as described above, any inability to repay our debt when due would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations under our variable rate indebtedness could increase significantly, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
borrowings under certain of our facilities from time to time, including under our amended credit agreement, are at variable rates of interest and as a result expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates were to increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. while we have entered into swap agreements to reduce interest rate volatility for a portion of our term loan "b" facility through 2024, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk. to the extent the risk materializes and is not fully mitigated, the resulting increase in interest expense could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our amended credit agreement and our interest rate swap agreements have an interest rate tied to libo rate. while certain of these agreements, such as the amended credit agreement, provide procedures for determining an alternative base rate in the event that libo rate is discontinued, not all do so. effective as of december 31, 2021, the united kingdom financial conduct authority ("fca"), which regulates the libo rate, no longer publishes libo rate quotations, including one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor settings. the publication of overnight and one-, three-, six- and 12-month u.s. dollar libor settings will be extended through june 30, 2023. further, on october 21, 2021, five u.s. federal financial institution regulatory agencies, in conjunction with u.s. state bank and state credit union regulators, issued a joint statement to emphasize the expectation that supervised institutions with libo rate exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from libo rate in advance of the 2023 deadline and providing considerations with respect to alternative base rates and appropriate fallback language, noting that failure to adequately prepare for the libo rate's discontinuance could undermine financial stability and institutions' safety and soundness and create litigation, operational, and consumer protection risks. regardless, there can be no assurances as to what alternative base rates may be and whether such base rates will be more or less favorable than libo rate and any other unforeseen impacts of the discontinuation of libo rate. the company intends to monitor the developments with respect to the phasing out of libo rate and work with its lenders to ensure the transition away from libo rate will have minimal impact on its financial condition, but can provide no assurances that the impact of the discontinuation of libo rate would not have a material adverse effect on its results of operations.
the timing of the cash payments to service the 0% notes, the 1.625% notes and the 3.875% notes is not entirely in our control and may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow or the ability to raise the funds necessary to satisfy these obligations in a timely manner.
as of december 31, 2021, we had outstanding approximately $155.1 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.625% notes, $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.875% notes and $805.0 million of aggregate principal of our 0% notes (collectively, the "outstanding notes"). holders of the outstanding notes have certain rights that would require us to make repurchases prior to the stated maturity for all or a portion of the amounts due in certain circumstances. for example, holders of the 3.875% notes have the right to require us to repurchase all of their 3.875% notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events accompanied by certain ratings events (as described in the indenture governing the 3.875% notes) at a repurchase price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, accrued prior to, but not including, the repurchase date.
servicing the outstanding notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow or the ability to raise the funds necessary to satisfy our obligations under such notes. our ability to make cash payments in connection with conversions of the 1.625% notes or the 0% notes, repurchase any of the outstanding notes in the case of an applicable repurchase-triggering event under the respective indentures or repay such notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control.
further, if we are unable to make cash payments upon conversion of the 1.625% notes or the 0% notes, we would be required to issue significant amounts of our common stock, which would dilute existing stockholders.
in certain circumstances, a takeover of our company and similar triggering events could also trigger an option of the holders of the 1.625% notes, the 3.875% notes and the 0% notes to require us to repurchase such notes. this may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of our company that would otherwise be beneficial to the holders of the 1.625% notes, the 3.875% notes, the 0% notes and our common stock, which could materially decrease the value of such notes and of our common stock.
the terms of the amended credit agreement and the terms of the 3.875% notes limit the amount of future indebtedness secured by liens that we may incur. if we incur significantly more debt, this could intensify the risks described above. our decision to use our cash for other purposes, such as to make acquisitions or to repurchase our common stock, could also intensify these risks.
the conditional conversion features of the 1.625% notes and the 0% notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and, if we elect to settle any amounts related to conditional conversion features in common stock, any such settlement could materially dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders.
if specified conditions are met, holders of the 1.625% notes and the 0% notes may convert their notes prior to their stated maturity in the event the conditional conversion features are triggered, holders electing to convert their notes could require us to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligations through the payment of cash. further, we are required to settle conversions of the 0% notes in cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the notes being converted and may elect to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash or shares of common stock, or a combination, to settle the remaining amount. any such cash payments could materially adversely affect our liquidity. additionally, when the conditional conversion features are triggered at the end of a reporting period, we are required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify the outstanding principal of such notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. a conditional conversion feature under the 1.625% notes has been triggered as of december 31, 2021 and in certain prior quarters, and we can provide no assurance as to when or whether these conditional conversion features will lapse or be triggered again in the future. any material decrease in our liquidity or reduction in our net working capital could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may elect to settle the 1.625% notes solely in common stock to avoid an event of default under our amended credit agreement, and any such issuance of common stock could materially dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders, including stockholders who previously converted such notes to shares of our common stock. our 0% notes require the principal of $805.0 million to be paid in cash, the excess value, if any, can be paid in a combination of cash or shares. to the extent we elect to settle the excess in shares, the ownership interests of existing stockholders could be materially diluted.
note hedge and warrant transactions we have entered into may materially adversely affect the value of our common stock.
concurrently with the issuances of the 1.625% notes and the 0% notes, respectively, we entered into note hedge transactions with certain financial institutions, which we refer to as the option counterparties. the convertible note hedges are expected to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of the respective series of notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted notes of such series, as the case may be. we also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties with respect to the 1.625% notes and the 0% notes. the warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect on our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds $30.70, with respect to the 1.625% notes, and $74.34, with respect to the 0% notes.
in connection with establishing their initial hedge of the convertible note hedges and warrant transactions for the 1.625% notes and the 0% notes, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates have purchased shares of our common stock and/or entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives contracts with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of such notes. the potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. any of these activities could materially adversely affect the value of our common stock.
counterparty risk with respect to the note hedge transactions, if realized, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
the option counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that these option counterparties may default under the note hedge transactions. we can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any of the option counterparties. our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. if one or more of the option counterparties to one or more of our note hedge transactions becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under those transactions.
to the extent the option counterparties do not honor their contractual commitments with us pursuant to the note hedge transactions, we could face a material increase in our exposure to potential dilution upon any conversion of the 1.625% notes and/or the 0% notes and/or cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 1.625% notes and/or the 0% notes, as the case may be. our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price of our common stock and in the volatility of the market price of our common stock. in addition, upon a default by one of the option counterparties, we may suffer adverse tax consequences with respect to our common stock. any such adverse tax consequences or increased cash payments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
trends, risks and uncertainties related to our common stock provisions in our charter documents may delay or prevent the acquisition of our company, which could materially adversely affect the value of our common stock.
our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that could make it harder for a third party to acquire us without the consent of our board of directors. these provisions:
•establish advance notice requirements for submitting nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at a meeting;
•authorize the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock, which is preferred stock that our board of directors can create and issue without prior stockholder approval and that could be issued with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede a takeover attempt; and
•require the approval by holders of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding common stock to amend any of these provisions in our certificate of incorporation or by-laws.
although we believe these provisions make a higher third-party bid more likely by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, these provisions apply even if an initial offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. any delay or prevention of an acquisition of our company that would have been beneficial to our stockholders could materially decrease the value of our common stock.
general risk factors we may be unable to successfully integrate new strategic acquisitions, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we have made, and may continue to make, strategic acquisitions and alliances that involve significant risks and uncertainties. successful acquisitions and alliances in our industry require, among other things, efficient integration and aligning of product offerings and manufacturing operations and coordination of sales and marketing and research and development efforts, often in markets or regions in which we have less experience. risks related to successful integration of an acquisition include, but are not limited to: (1) the ability to integrate information technology and other systems; (2) issues not discovered in our due diligence; (3) customers responding by changing their existing business relationships with us or the acquired company; (4) diversion of management's attention from our day to day operations; and (5) loss of key employees post-integration. in addition, we may incur unexpected costs or taxes resulting from the acquisition or integration of the newly acquired business. missteps or delays in integrating our acquisitions, which could be caused by factors outside of our control, or our failure to realize the expected benefits of the acquisitions on the timeline we anticipate, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
depending on the level of our ownership interest in and the extent to which we can exercise control over the acquired business, we may be required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and sec rules and regulations to consolidate newly acquired businesses into our consolidated financial statements. the acquired businesses may not have independent audited financial statements or statements prepared in accordance with gaap, or the acquired businesses may have financial controls and systems that are not compatible with our financial controls and systems, any of which could materially impair our ability to properly integrate such businesses into our consolidated financial statements on a timely basis. any revisions to, inaccuracies in or restatements of our consolidated financial statements due to accounting for our acquisitions could have a material adverse effect our financial condition and results of operations.
downturns or volatility in general economic conditions, as well as general macroeconomic trends and impacts, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
historically, worldwide semiconductor industry sales have tracked the impacts of financial crises, subsequent recoveries and persistent economic uncertainty. we believe our business today is driven more by secular growth drivers and not solely by macroeconomic and industry cyclicality, as was the case historically, yet we could experience period-to-period fluctuations in operating results due to general industry or economic conditions and volatile or uncertain economic conditions can adversely impact our sales and profitability and make it difficult for us and our competitors to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities.
in addition to general economic conditions, impacts of other macroeconomic events, such as the covid-19 pandemic, climate change and other natural disasters, could materially adversely impact our operations by causing disruptions in the geographies in which we and our suppliers, third party distributors and sub-contractors operate. if any of these events impact our supply chain, manufacturing and product shipments could be delayed, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, disruption of transportation and distribution systems could result in reduced operational efficiency and customer service interruption. such events can negatively impact revenue and earnings and can significantly impact cash flow.
regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change may materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
various jurisdictions are developing climate change-based laws or regulations that could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. these legal and regulatory requirements, as well as heightened investor expectations, on corporate environmental and social responsibility practices and disclosure, are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain and our significant outsourced manufacturing. if we are unable to comply, or are unable to cause our suppliers to comply, with such policies or provisions or meet the requirements of our customers and investors, a customer may stop purchasing products from us or an investor may sell their shares, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. given the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. furthermore, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or others in our industry could harm our reputation. any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited historical consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, which are included elsewhere in this form 10-k. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains statements that are forward-looking. these statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risk, uncertainties, and other factors. actual results could differ materially because of the factors discussed in "risk factors" included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
executive overview this executive overview presents summarized information regarding our business and operating trends only. for further information relating to the information summarized herein, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in its entirety.
onsemi results our revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $6,739.8 million, an increase of 28.3% from $5,255.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2020. the increase was attributable to the improving economic conditions and an exceptionally strong market for semiconductor products resulting in a significant increase in demand across psg, asg and isg. during 2021, we reported net income attributable to onsemi of $1,009.6 million compared to $234.2 million in 2020. our operating income totaled $1,287.6 million during 2021 compared to $348.7 million during 2020. the increase in operating income and net income attributable to onsemi was due to significantly better gross margins from higher sales volume, favorable mix, increase in average selling prices, better utilization in factories and savings from restructuring activities. our gross margin increased by approximately 760 basis points to 40.3% in 2021 from 32.7% in 2020. see discussion under "results of operations" for additional discussion on the reasons for the fluctuations year over year.
business and macroeconomic environment the covid-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact around the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures including restrictions on travel, business operations and temporary closures of facilities. however, during 2021, economic conditions began to improve and business conditions became stronger during the second half of the year. during 2021, we achieved revenue growth in our focused end-markets of automotive, industrial and communications infrastructure as well as expand our gross margin and operating margin as a result of cost-saving initiatives, product rationalization, favorable mix and price increases, among other actions. while the semiconductor industry conditions have resulted in increased costs throughout our supply chain, we have been able to pass a majority of such increases to our customers, which also contributed to higher revenue for 2021. we expect to continue to pursue cost-saving initiatives to be able to align our overall cost structure, capital investments and other expenditures with our expected revenue, spending and capacity levels to help offset increased costs. we have taken, and continue to take, significant cost containment efforts, including, but not limited to, workforce reductions and reducing discretionary spending.
the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's operational and financial performance is uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the company's control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for products. while all our global manufacturing sites are currently operational, our facilities could be required to temporarily curtail production levels or temporarily cease operations based on government mandates due to the covid-19 pandemic. there can be no assurances that we will adequately forecast the magnitude or duration of the adverse economic conditions on our business or that we will effectively align our cost structure, capital investments and other expenditures with our revenue, spending and capacity levels in the future.
see note 7: ''restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, net'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for information relating to our most recent cost-saving initiatives.
results of operations a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 is included below. for a discussion and comparison of the results of our operations for the year ended december 31, 2020 with the year ended december 31, 2019, refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" in our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 filed with the sec on february 16, 2021.
operating results the following table summarizes certain information relating to our operating results that has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements (in millions):
2021                                                                                                            2020                         change revenue                                                              $6,739.8                          $5,255.0                       $1,484.8
cost of revenue (exclusive of amortization shown below)               4,025.5                           3,539.2                          486.3
gross profit                                                          2,714.3                           1,715.8                          998.5
operating expenses:
research and development                                                655.0                             642.9                           12.1
selling and marketing                                                   293.6                             278.7                           14.9
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                    99.0                             120.3                         (21.3)
restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, net                  71.4                              65.2                            6.2
intangible asset impairment                                               2.9                               1.3                            1.6
total operating expenses                                              1,426.7                           1,367.1                           59.6
operating income                                                      1,287.6                             348.7                          938.9
gain on divestiture of business                                          10.2                                 -                           10.2
income tax (provision) benefit                                        (146.6)                              59.8                        (206.4)
revenue revenue was $6,739.8 million and $5,255.0 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase from 2020 to 2021 of $1,484.8 million, or 28.3%, was attributable to a 32.0%, 25.6% and 22.0% increase in revenue in psg, asg and isg, respectively, which is further explained below.
we had one customer, a distributor, whose revenue accounted for approximately 13% of the total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2021.
revenue by operating and reportable segments was as follows (dollars in millions):
2021                                                 as a % of                         2020                  as a % of revenue (1)                                             revenue (1)
(1)certain of the amounts may not total due to rounding of individual amounts.
revenue from psg revenue from psg increased by $833.0 million, or approximately 32%, during 2021 compared to 2020. the revenue from our advanced power division and our integrated circuits, protection and signal division increased by $521.7 million and $317.6 million, respectively. these increases primarily were driven by better economic conditions resulting in increased demand for our products along with a favorable mix in the products sold and an increase in average selling prices. although we experienced supply chain constraints during 2021, they were offset by increased demand for our products, however in 2020, we experienced decreased demand, delays in fulfilling certain customer orders and certain of our factories operating at significantly reduced capacity levels as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
revenue from asg revenue from asg increased by $489.5 million, or approximately 25.6%, during 2021 compared to 2020. the revenue from our mobile, computing and cloud division, our automotive division and our industrial solutions division, increased by $230.3 million, $155.0 million and $110.2 million, respectively. the increases primarily were due to improved economic conditions resulting in increased demand for our products in other end-markets along with a favorable mix in the products sold and an increase in average selling prices. although we experienced supply chain constraints during 2021, they were offset by increased demand for our products, however in 2020, we experienced decreased demand, delays in fulfilling certain customer orders and certain of our factories operating at significantly reduced capacity levels as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
revenue from isg revenue from isg increased by $162.3 million, or approximately 22%, during 2021 compared to 2020. the revenue from our automotive sensing division and our industrial and consumer solutions division increased by $152.5 million and $70.7 million, respectively, and was partially offset by a decrease of $61.0 million from the exited ccd business. the increase in revenue was due to the improvement in economic conditions, specifically with automotive component manufacturers and the automotive industry overall, resulting in increased demand for these products along with a favorable mix in the products sold and an increase in average selling prices.
2021                                                 as a % of                         2020                  as a % of revenue (1)                                             revenue (1)
(1)certain of the amounts may not total due to rounding of individual amounts.
gross profit and gross margin (exclusive of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets)
our gross profit by operating and reportable segment was as follows (dollars in millions):
2021                                                                as a % of                       2020 (2)                as a % of segment revenue (1)
total gross profit            $2,714.3                          40.3        %                  $1,715.8                                  32.7           %
(1)certain of the amounts may not total due to rounding of individual amounts.
(2)beginning in 2021, unallocated manufacturing costs were included as part of segment operating results to determine segment gross profit. as a result, the prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation.
our gross profit increased by $998.5 million, or approximately 58%, from $1,715.8 million during 2020 to $2,714.3 million during 2021. gross margin increased to 40.3% during 2021 compared to 32.7% during 2020.
the increases in gross profit and gross margin were due to increases in sales volume, increased utilization and a better mix in the portfolio of the products sold combined with an increase in average selling prices for many of our products. the favorable economic environment and significant improvement in demand in all end-markets and specifically from automotive and industrial end-markets contributed to increased demand and better pricing for our products. we were also able to pass a majority of the increased cost from our suppliers to our customers.
operating expenses research and development research and development expenses were $655.0 million and $642.9 million, or approximately 10% and 12% of revenue for 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase of $12.1 million, or approximately 2% year-over-year. the increase in variable compensation was partially offset by a decrease in payroll expenses due to restructuring activities, and costs associated with third-party consultants.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses were $293.6 million and $278.7 million, or approximately 4% and 5% of revenue for 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase of $14.9 million, or approximately 5% year-over-year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in variable compensation.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses were $304.8 million and $258.7 million, or approximately 5% and 5% of revenue for 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase of $46.1 million, or approximately 18% year-over-year. the increase was primarily due to an increase in variable compensation and stock compensation.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was $99.0 million and $120.3 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease of $21.3 million, or approximately 17.7%, was primarily due to the full amortization of certain of our technology-related intangible assets during 2020.
restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, net restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, net was $71.4 million and $65.2 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. amounts incurred during 2021 primarily related to the involuntary severance plan. amounts incurred during 2020 related to the voluntary and involuntary severance plans and certain general workforce reductions. included in 2020 was also asset impairment charges of $17.5 million.
for additional information, see note 7: ''restructuring, asset impairments and other charges, net'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
other income and expenses interest expense interest expense decreased by $38.0 million, or approximately 22.6%, to $130.4 million during 2021 compared to $168.4 million in 2020, primarily due to the decrease in our long-term debt and a decrease in interest rates on our variable rate debt. our average gross amount of long-term debt balance (including current maturities) during 2021 and 2020 was $3,423.9 million and $3,669.4 million, respectively. our weighted average interest rate on our gross amount of long-term debt (including current maturities) was 3.8% and 4.6% per annum in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
see "liquidity and capital resources-key financing and capital events" below and note 9: ''long-term debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for a description of our indebtedness and our refinancing activities.
gain on divestiture of business gain on divestiture of business was $10.2 million in 2021, compared to zero in 2020, due to the divestiture of a business entity engaged in research and development.
loss on debt refinancing and prepayment we recorded loss on debt refinancing and prepayment of $29.0 million during 2021 related to the partial repurchase or exchange of certain of the outstanding 1.625% notes. see "liquidity and capital resources-key financing and capital events" below and note 9: ''long-term debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for a description of our indebtedness and our refinancing activities. no such expenses were incurred during 2020.
other income (expense) was an expense of $8.6 million in 2020 compared to an income of $18.0 million in 2021, reflecting a change of approximately 309.3%. during 2021, we recognized actuarial gains on our pension obligations of $21.4 million which was partially offset by miscellaneous adjustments of $4.6 million, compared to an actuarial loss of $4.0 million during 2020.
income tax provision we recorded an income tax provision of $146.6 million and a benefit of $59.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2021 consisted primarily of $179.4 million for income and withholding taxes of certain of our foreign and domestic operations, $3.6 million related to a discrete foreign tax rate change, $2.9 million related to return to provision adjustments and $3.4 million related to additional valuation allowance, partially offset by discrete benefits of $24.3 million relating to the release of uncertain tax positions in foreign jurisdictions for favorable audit results and lapse of statue, $6.9 million relating to net equity award windfalls and $11.5 million primarily relating to an increase in deferred tax assets expected to be realized in the foreseeable future due to the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary.
the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2020 consisted of discrete benefits of $63.0 million primarily due to the recognition of certain deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, related to the domestication of certain foreign subsidiaries and a benefit of $49.4 million related to the release of valuation allowance against certain state deferred tax assets. these benefits were partially offset by a provision of $43.9 million for income and withholding taxes of certain of our foreign and domestic operations, a $2.3 million discrete provision relating to prior year uncertain tax positions, a discrete provision of $5.5 million relating to additional foreign valuation allowance, and $0.9 million of other discrete items.
for additional information, see note 16: ''income taxes'' in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources this section includes a discussion and analysis of our cash requirements, contingencies, sources and uses of cash, operations, working capital and long-term assets and liabilities.
contingencies we are a party to a variety of agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business pursuant to which we may be obligated to indemnify other parties for certain liabilities that arise out of or relate to the subject matter of the agreements. some of the agreements entered into by us require us to indemnify the other party against losses, including, but not limited to, losses due to ip infringement, environmental contamination and other property damage, personal injury, our failure to comply with applicable laws, our negligence or willful misconduct or our breach of representations, warranties or covenants related to such matters as title to sold assets.
we face risk of exposure to warranty and product liability claims in the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure of our products results, or is alleged to result, in economic damage, bodily injury or property damage. in addition, if any of our designed products are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in their recall. depending on the significance of any particular customer and other relevant factors, we may agree to provide more favorable rights to such customer for valid defective product claims. we maintain directors' and officers' insurance policies that indemnify our directors and officers against various liabilities, including certain liabilities under the exchange act that might be incurred by any director or officer in his or her capacity as such.
while our future obligations under certain agreements may contain limitations on liability for indemnification, other agreements do not contain such limitations and under such agreements it is not possible to predict the maximum potential amount of future payments due to the conditional nature of our obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. historically, payments made by us under any of these indemnities have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and we do not believe that any amounts that we may be required to pay under these indemnities in the future will be material to our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
see note 13: ''commitments and contingencies'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for possible contingencies related to legal matters. see also "business-government regulation" for information on certain environmental matters.
sources and uses of cash our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $1,352.6 million as of december 31, 2021. we require cash to: (i) fund our operating expenses, working capital requirements, outlays for strategic acquisitions and investments, (ii) service our debt, including principal and interest; (iii) conduct research and development; (iv) incur capital expenditures; and (v) repurchase our common stock. as part of our business strategy, we review acquisition and divestiture opportunities on a regular basis. during 2021, we completed the acquisition of gtat. see note 5: ''acquisitions and divestitures'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
we believe that the key factors that could affect our internal and external sources of cash include:
•changes in demand for our products, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, competitive pricing pressures, supply chain constraints, effective management of our manufacturing capacity, our ability to achieve further reductions in operating expenses, our ability to make progress on the achievement of our business strategy and sustainability goals, the impact of our restructuring programs on our production and cost efficiency and our ability to make the research and development expenditures required to remain competitive in our business
•our access to bank financing and the debt and equity capital markets that could impair our ability to obtain needed financing on acceptable terms or to respond to business opportunities and developments as they arise, including interest rate fluctuations, macroeconomic conditions, sudden reductions in the general availability of lending from banks or the related increase in cost to obtain bank financing and our ability to maintain compliance with covenants under our debt agreements in effect from time to time.
the following are some of the significant sources and uses of cash during 2021 outside of our operating activities and regular capital expenditures:
•issuance of $805.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0% convertible senior notes due 2027, the net proceeds of which were used to repurchase $372.4 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 1.625% notes for a total consideration of $506.5 million in cash and 5.4 million shares of the company's common stock.
•payment of $160.3 million for convertible note hedges and receipt of $93.8 million for the sale of warrants, both in relation to the issuance of the 0% notes.
•repayment of the outstanding balance of $700.0 million under the revolving credit facility.
•repurchase of $47.4 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 1.625% notes for $47.4 million in cash and 1.6 million shares of the company's common stock.
•acquisition of gtat for $424.6 million in cash.
•net purchases of available-for-sale securities for $44.7 million.
our ability to service our long-term debt, including our 0% notes, 3.875% notes, 1.625% notes, the revolving credit facility and the term loan "b" facility, to remain in compliance with the various covenants contained in our debt agreements and to fund working capital, capital expenditures and business development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash from operating activities, which is subject to, among other things, our future operating performance and the timing of the full economic recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, as well as to financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, some of which may be beyond our control.
if we fail to generate sufficient cash from operations, we may need to raise additional equity or borrow additional funds to achieve our longer-term objectives. there can be no assurance that such equity or borrowings will be available or, if available, will be at rates or prices acceptable to us. we believe that cash flow from operating activities coupled with existing cash and cash equivalents and existing credit facilities will be adequate to fund our operating, debt repayment and capital needs, as well as enable us to maintain compliance with our various debt agreements, through at least the next 12 months. to the extent that results or events differ from our financial projections or business plans, our liquidity may be adversely impacted.
during the ordinary course of business, we evaluate our cash requirements and, if necessary, adjust our expenditures for inventory, operating expenditures and capital expenditures to reflect the current market conditions and our projected sales and demand. our capital expenditures are primarily directed towards manufacturing equipment, and can materially influence our available cash for other initiatives. our capital expenditure levels can materially influence our available cash for other initiatives. for example, during 2021, we paid approximately $444.6 million for capital expenditures, while in 2020 we paid approximately $383.6 million. while our capital expenditures have historically been approximately 6% to 7% of annual revenue, we expect to incur capital expenditures in the range of 11% to 12% of revenue in 2022 to expand our manufacturing capabilities to meet the market demands and further improve our manufacturing cost structure.
as of december 31, 2021, there was $1,598.2 million outstanding under the term loan "b" facility, in addition to $805 million aggregate principal amount of the 0% notes, $700 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% notes and $155.1 million aggregate principal amount of the 1.625% notes. the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 1.625% notes, net of unamortized discount and issuance costs, has been reclassified as a current portion of long-term debt. the associated interest expense related to this indebtedness will continue to have a significant impact on our results of operations.
see note 5: ''acquisitions and divestitures'' and note 9: ''long-term debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for additional information.
cash management our ability to manage cash is limited, as our primary cash inflows and outflows are dictated by the terms of our sales and supply agreements, contractual obligations, debt instruments and legal and regulatory requirements. while we have some flexibility with respect to the timing of capital equipment purchases, we must invest in capital equipment on a timely basis to allow us to maintain our manufacturing efficiency and support our platforms for new products.
primary cash flow sources our long-term cash generation is dependent on the ability of our operations to generate cash. our cash flows from operating activities were $1,782.0 million, $884.3 million, and $694.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our operating cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2021 increased by $897.7 million, or 101.5%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2020, which was primarily due to better economic conditions resulting in significantly increased demand for our products, increase in average selling prices, better mix in the products sold, cash savings from restructuring activities and better working capital management.
our ability to maintain positive operating cash flows is dependent on, among other factors, our success in achieving our revenue goals and manufacturing and operating cost targets. management of our assets and liabilities, including both working capital and long-term assets and liabilities, also influences our operating cash flows, and each of these components is discussed below.
working capital working capital, calculated as total current assets less total current liabilities, fluctuates depending on end-market demand and our effective management of certain items such as receivables, inventory and payables. in times of escalating demand, our working capital requirements may be affected as we purchase additional manufacturing materials and increase production. our working capital may also be affected by restructuring programs, which may require us to use cash for severance payments, asset transfers and contract termination costs. in addition, our working capital may be affected by acquisitions and transactions involving our convertible notes and other debt instruments. although investments made to fund working capital will reduce our cash balances, these investments are necessary to support business and operating initiatives.
our working capital, excluding cash and cash equivalents and the current portion of long-term debt, was $1,046.3 million as of december 31, 2021 and has fluctuated between $885.0 million and $1,057.1 million at the end of each of our last eight fiscal quarters. our working capital, including cash and cash equivalents and the current portion of long-term debt, was $2,238.2
million as of december 31, 2021 and has fluctuated between $1,457.6 million and $2,379.8 million at the end of each of our last eight fiscal quarters. the significant fluctuation was due to the withdrawal and repayment on our revolving credit facility during 2020 and 2021 as well as the reclassification of the 1.625% notes as a current liability. we expect a significant increase in capital expenditures during 2022.
long-term assets and liabilities our long-term assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, deferred taxes and goodwill. our manufacturing rationalization plans have included efforts to utilize our existing manufacturing assets and supply arrangements more efficiently. we believe that near-term access to additional manufacturing capacity, should it be required, could be readily obtained on reasonable terms through manufacturing agreements with third parties. we will continue to look for opportunities to make strategic purchases in the future for additional capacity.
our long-term liabilities, excluding long-term debt and deferred taxes, consist of liabilities under our foreign defined benefit pension plans, operating lease liabilities and contingent tax reserves. in regard to our foreign defined benefit pension plans, our annual funding of these obligations is equal to the minimum amount legally required in each jurisdiction in which the plans operate. this annual amount is dependent upon numerous actuarial assumptions. for additional information, see note 12: ''employee benefit plans'', "note 8: ''balance sheet information'' and note 16: ''income taxes'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
key financing and capital events overview for the past several years, we have undertaken various measures to secure liquidity to pursue acquisitions, repurchase shares of our common stock, reduce interest costs, amend existing key financing arrangements and, in some cases, extend a portion of our debt maturities to continue to provide us additional operating flexibility. certain of these measures continued in 2021. set forth below is a summary of certain key financing events affecting our capital structure during the last three years. for further discussion of our debt instruments, see note 9: ''long-term debt'' and for further discussion on the share repurchase program (as defined below), see note 10: ''earnings per share and equity'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
2021 financing events issuance of 0% convertible senior notes due 2027
on may 19, 2021, we completed a private offering of $805.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0% notes, the proceeds of which were used to repurchase a portion of the 1.625% notes in privately negotiated note repurchase or exchange transactions, repay a portion of the revolving credit facility, pay the net cost of the related convertible note hedges after such costs were offset by the proceeds from the related sale of warrants (each described below), and general corporate purposes. the 0% notes will mature on may 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed by the company or converted pursuant to their terms.
the initial conversion rate of the 0% notes is 18.8796 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $52.97 per share of common stock. we may redeem all or any portion of the 0% notes, the holders may convert their 0% notes and the conversion rate is subject to adjustment, in each case upon the occurrence of certain specified events as set forth in the indenture governing the 0% notes. we incurred issuance costs of $19.0 million in connection with the issuance of the 0% notes, of which $15.7 million was capitalized as debt issuance costs and $3.3 million was allocated to the conversion option and recorded to stockholders' equity. the debt discount and debt issuance costs are being amortized at an effective interest rate of 3.2% over the contractual term of the 0% notes.
in connection with the issuance of the 0% notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock with the initial purchasers of the 0% notes or their affiliates ("counterparties") and paid $160.3 million in cash for the convertible note hedges, which was recorded to stockholders' equity. we also entered into warrant transactions with the counterparties and received $93.8 million in cash for the sale of warrants, which was recorded to stockholders' equity.
partial exchange or repurchase of the 1.625% notes on may 11, 2021, contemporaneously with the issuance of the 0% notes, we entered into separate privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 1.625% notes to repurchase or exchange, as applicable, $372.4 million in aggregate principal amount of the 1.625% notes for a total consideration of $506.5 million in cash and 5.4 million shares of the company's common stock. on december 10, 2021, we repurchased $47.4 million of the 1.625% notes for $47.4 million in cash and 1.6 million shares of common stock.
repayments under the revolving credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2021, we repaid the outstanding balance of $700.0 million under the revolving credit facility using a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 0% notes and cash generated from operations. as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $1.97 billion available under the revolving credit facility for future borrowings.
2020 financing events maturity and settlement of 1.00% notes due 2020
the 1.00% notes matured on december 1, 2020. the maturity of the notes resulted in us paying $690.0 million in cash, representing the principal portion of the 1.00% notes, to holders of the 1.00% notes using our available cash and cash equivalents. the excess over the principal amount was settled by issuing shares of common stock held in treasury. at the time of issuance of the 1.00% notes, we concurrently entered into hedge transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the 1.00% notes, and accordingly, repurchased an equivalent number of shares of our common stock at fair market value, to effectively offset the issuance of shares.
also at the time of issuance of the 1.00% notes, we sold warrants to certain bank counterparties whereby the holders of the warrants had the option to purchase from us the equivalent number of shares of our common stock at a price of $25.96 per share. all these warrants were exercised by the holders during the first and second quarters of 2021 and were settled by issuing an aggregate of 13.4 million shares of common stock.
issuance of 3.875% notes on august 21, 2020, we completed a private offering of $700.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 3.875% notes. the 3.875% notes bear interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, payable semi-annually on march 1 and september 1 of each year, beginning on march 1, 2021, and will mature on september 1, 2028, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased by us. in connection with the issuance, we incurred original issue discount and debt issuance costs amounting to $9.4 million, which has been capitalized and will be amortized to interest expense through the maturity date of september 1, 2028. the net proceeds from the issuance of the 3.875% notes were used entirely to repay borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
borrowing and repayment under the revolving credit facility on march 24, 2020, we borrowed $1,165.0 million under the revolving credit facility as a precautionary measure in order to increase the company's cash position and provide financial flexibility in light of the uncertainty resulting from the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. due to better macroeconomic and business conditions, on august 21, 2020, we used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 3.875% notes along with cash on hand to repay $1,200.0 million of outstanding borrowings. additionally, on december 31, 2020, we repaid $65.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
share repurchase program during 2020, we repurchased 3.6 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $65.3 million pursuant to the share repurchase program.
2019 financing events amendments to the amended credit agreement on june 12, 2019, we entered into the fifth amendment to the amended credit agreement (the "fifth amendment") and on june 19, 2019, drew $900.0 million of the revolving credit facility to partially fund the acquisition of quantenna. on august 15, 2019, we entered into the sixth amendment to the amended credit agreement (the "sixth amendment") which increased amounts that may be borrowed under the revolving credit facility by $70.0 million to $1.97 billion. on september 19, 2019, we entered into the seventh amendment to the amended credit agreement (the "seventh amendment") and utilized the additional borrowings pursuant to the seventh amendment to repay $500.5 million of the outstanding balance under the revolving credit facility.
share repurchase program during 2019, we repurchased 7.8 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $138.9 million pursuant to the share repurchase program.
debt guarantees and related covenants as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with the indentures relating to our 0% notes, 3.875% notes and 1.625% notes and with covenants relating to our term loan "b" facility and revolving credit facility. our 0% notes, 3.875% notes and 1.625% notes are senior to the existing and future subordinated indebtedness of onsemi and our guarantor subsidiaries and rank equally in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior debt and as unsecured obligations and are subordinated to all of our existing and future secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt.
see note 9: ''long-term debt'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k for additional information.
critical accounting policies and estimates the accompanying discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. we believe certain of our accounting policies are critical to understanding our financial position and results of operations. we utilize the following critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements.
use of estimates. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on experience, current and expected future conditions, third-party evaluations and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. significant estimates have been used by management in conjunction with the following: (i) future payouts for customer incentives and amounts subject to allowances and returns; (ii) valuation and obsolescence relating to inventories; (iii) measurement of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, and evaluations of uncertain tax positions; and (iv) assumptions used in business combinations. additionally, during periods where it becomes applicable, significant estimates will be used by management in determining the future cash flows used to assess and test for impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill. actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in the consolidated financial statements.
revenue. we generate revenue from sales of our semiconductor products to direct customers and distributors. we also generate revenue, to a much lesser extent, from product development agreements and manufacturing services provided to customers. we recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation in an amount reflecting the consideration to which we expect to be entitled. for sales agreements, we have identified the promise to transfer products, each of which is distinct, to be the performance obligation. for product development agreements, we have identified the completion of a service defined in the agreement to be the performance obligation. we apply a five-step approach in determining the amount and timing of revenue to be recognized: (1) identifying the contract with a customer; (2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determining the transaction price; (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognizing revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. we allocate the transaction price to each distinct product based on its relative stand-alone selling price. in determining the transaction price, we evaluate whether the price is subject to refund or adjustment to determine the net consideration to which we expect to be entitled. substantially all of our revenue is recognized at the time control of the products transfers to the customer.
sales to certain distributors, primarily those with ship and credit rights, can be subject to price adjustment on certain products. we develop an estimate of their expected claims under the ship and credit program based on the historical claims data submitted by product and customer and expected future claims, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions related to the amount of each claim as well as the historical period used to develop the estimate.
our direct customers do not have the right to return products, other than pursuant to the provisions of our standard warranty. sales to distributors, however, are typically made pursuant to agreements that provide return rights and stock rotation provisions permitting limited levels of product returns. provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, ship and credit claims and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related revenue are recognized, and are netted against revenue. for non-quality related returns, we recognize a related asset for the right to recover returned products with a corresponding reduction to cost of goods sold. we record a reserve for cash discounts as a reduction to accounts receivable and a reduction to revenue, based on the experience with each customer.
inventories. we carry our inventories at the lower of standard cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value and record provisions for potential excess and obsolete inventories based upon a regular analysis of inventory on hand compared to historical and projected end-user demand. the determination of projected end-user demand requires the use of estimates and assumptions related to projected unit sales for each product. these provisions can influence our results from operations. for example, when demand falls for a given part, all or a portion of the related inventory that is considered to be in excess of anticipated demand is reserved, impacting our cost of revenue and gross profit. the majority of product inventory that has been previously reserved is ultimately discarded. however, we do sell some products that have previously been written down, such sales have historically been consistently insignificant and the related impact on our margins has also been insignificant.
income taxes. income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. a valuation allowance is provided for those deferred tax assets for which we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will be realized.
in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, estimated future taxable income, feasible tax planning strategies, future reversals of existing temporary differences and taxable income in prior carryback years, if a carryback is permitted are considered. if we determine it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the remaining deferred tax assets will not be realized, the valuation allowance will be increased with a charge to income tax expense. conversely, if we determine it is more likely than not to be able to utilize all or a portion of the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance has been provided, the related portion of the valuation allowance will be recorded as a reduction to income tax expense.
we recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. the first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that is it more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement. no tax benefit is recognized for tax positions that are not more likely than not to be sustained. our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of tax audits and effective settlement of audit issues. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in income tax expense in the period in which the change is made, which could have a material impact to our effective tax rate.
business combination. we use estimates and assumptions in allocating the purchase price of acquired business by utilizing established valuation techniques appropriate for the technology industry to record the acquired assets and liabilities at fair value. we utilize the income approach, cost approach or market approach, depending upon which approach is the most appropriate based on the nature and reliability of available data. if the income approach is used, the fair value determination is predicated upon the value of the future cash flows that an asset is expected to generate over its economic life and involves significant assumptions as to cash flows, associated expenses, long-term growth rates and discount rates. the cost approach takes into account the cost to replace (or reproduce) the asset and involves assumptions relating to the asset's value of physical, functional and/or economic obsolescence that has occurred with respect to the asset. the market approach is used to estimate value from an analysis of actual transactions or offerings for economically comparable assets available as of the valuation date. determining the fair value of acquired technology assets is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including the discount rate, revenue growth rates, projected gross margins, and estimated research and development expenses.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets. we evaluate our goodwill for potential impairment annually during the fourth quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. our impairment evaluation consists of a qualitative assessment, and if deemed necessary, a quantitative test is performed which compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.
determining the fair value of our reporting units is subjective in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including projected net cash flows, discount and long-term growth rates. we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on an income approach, whereby the fair value of the reporting unit is derived from the present value of estimated future cash flows. the assumptions about estimated cash flows include factors such as future revenue, gross profit, operating expenses, and industry trends. we consider historical rates and current market conditions when determining the discount and long-term growth rates to use in its analysis. we consider other valuation methods, such as the cost approach or market approach, if it is determined that these methods provide a more representative approximation of fair value.
we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of our property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset group may not be fully recoverable. impairment is first assessed when the undiscounted expected cash flows derived for an asset group are less than its carrying amount. impairment losses, if applicable, are measured as the amount by which the carrying value of an asset group exceeds its fair value and are recognized in operating results. we continually apply our best judgment when applying these impairment rules to determine the timing of the impairment test, the undiscounted cash flows used to assess impairments and the fair value of an impaired asset group. the dynamic economic environment in which we operate and the resulting assumptions used to estimate future cash flows impact the outcome of our impairment tests. as we continue to implement our business strategy to rationalize products and manufacturing locations to transition to a lighter internal fabrication model, there could be divestiture transactions resulting in a portion of goodwill or other assets being de-recognized, and which may or may not result in accounting charges.
contingencies. we are involved in a variety of legal matters that arise in the normal course of business. based on the available information, we evaluate the relevant range and likelihood of potential outcomes and we record the appropriate liability when the amount is deemed probable and reasonably estimable.
for a further listing and discussion of our accounting policies, see note 2: ''significant accounting policies'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see note 4: ''recent accounting pronouncements'' in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.