item 1a. risk factors in the ordinary course of our business, we face various strategic, operating, compliance and financial risks. these risks could have an impact on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. our most significant risks are set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
our enterprise risk management (erm) process seeks to identify and address significant risks. our erm process assesses, manages, and monitors risks consistent with the integrated risk framework in the enterprise risk management - integrated framework (2017) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). we believe that risk-taking is an inherent aspect of the pursuit of our strategy. our goal is to manage risks prudently rather than avoid risks. we can mitigate risks and their impact on the company only to a limited extent.
a team of senior executives prioritizes identified risks and assigns an executive to address each major identified risk area and lead action plans to manage risks. our board of directors provides oversight of the erm process and reviews significant identified risks. the audit committee of the board of directors also reviews significant financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and manage them. our other board committees also play a role in risk management, as set forth in their respective charters.
our goal is to proactively manage risks using a structured approach in conjunction with strategic planning, with the intent to preserve and enhance shareowner value. however, the risks set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k and other risks and uncertainties could adversely affect us and cause our results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.
industry and economic risks we face the potential harms of natural disasters, including those as a result of climate change, pandemics, including the covid-19 pandemic, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts or other disruptions to our operations, the duration and severity of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.
our business depends on the movement of people and goods around the world. natural disasters (including but not limited to those as a result of climate change), pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic), acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts, power outages, fires, explosions, equipment failures, sabotage, political instability and the actions taken by governments could cause damage to or disrupt our business operations, our suppliers or our customers, and could create economic instability. disruptions to our it infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at third party it and other service providers, could also interfere with or disrupt our operations. although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for our hardware and software products, solutions or services, increase our costs, or make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver products, solutions or services.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the global economy, including in all of the regions in which we, our suppliers, distributors, business partners and customers do business and in which our workforce is located. the covid-19 pandemic and efforts to manage it, including those by governmental authorities, have had, and could continue to have, significant impacts on global markets. while the duration and severity of those impacts on our business are highly uncertain, they have had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
•the covid-19 pandemic and responses to it have significantly limited or prevented the movement of goods and services worldwide, which has resulted in and could continue to result in disruptions in our supply chain and our difficulty in procuring or inability to procure components and materials necessary for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and responses to it has increased and could continue to increase the costs of making and distributing our hardware and software products, solutions and services or result in delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, them to our customers.
•our workforce may be unable or unwilling to work on-site or travel as a result of vaccine requirements, event cancellations, facility closures, shelter-in-place, travel and other restrictions and changes in industry practice, or if they, their co-workers or their family members become ill or otherwise require care arrangements. regulations for vaccines and covid-19 testing have been announced and additional regulations may be announced in the jurisdictions in which our business operates. these workforce disruptions and regulations have adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect our ability to efficiently operate, including to develop, manufacture, generate sales of, promote, market, and deliver our hardware and software products, solutions and services, and provide customer support. implementation of new regulations for vaccines may result in attrition of skilled labor and impact our ability to attract and retain talent necessary for our business operations. for additional information, see the risk factor on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified personnel.
•our customers are, and continue to be, subject to significant risks and have had, and could continue to have, adverse impacts to their business operations and financial condition related to the covid-19 pandemic, which could lead to a decrease in their liquidity and/or industrial spending. this has resulted in, and could continue to result in, a decrease in demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services, as well as impact our customers' ability to pay for such hardware and software products, solutions and services.
the unprecedented and continuously evolving nature of the covid-19 pandemic make the duration and severity of its impacts difficult to predict, which could limit our ability to respond to those impacts. additionally, the impacts described above and other impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and responses to it could substantially increase the risk to us from the other risks described in this item 1a. risk factors.
adverse changes in macroeconomic or industry conditions may result in decreases in our sales and profitability.
we are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced, canceled or delayed orders, payment delays or defaults, supply chain disruptions or other adverse events as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers.
demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to changes in levels of industrial production and the financial performance of major industries that we serve. as economic activity slows, credit markets tighten, or sovereign debt concerns arise, companies tend to reduce their levels of capital spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services.
oil & gas is a major industry that we serve. demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to industry volatility and risks including those related to commodity prices, supply and demand dynamics, productions costs, geological and political activities, and environmental regulations including those intended to reduce the impact of climate change. when adverse oil & gas industry events arise, companies may reduce their levels of spending, which could result in decreased demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services.
volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets may result in increased costs to maintain our capital structure.
our ability to access the credit markets and the costs of borrowing are affected by the strength of our credit rating and current market conditions. if our access to credit, including the commercial paper market, is adversely affected by a change in market conditions or otherwise, our cost of borrowings may increase or our ability to fund operations may be reduced.
the london interbank offered rate (libor) is the basis for determining the amount of our interest payments on borrowings under our $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. the u.k. financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, has announced that it intends to phase out libor. banks currently reporting information used to set u.s dollar libor are currently expected to stop doing so during 2023. various parties, including government agencies, are seeking to identify an alternative rate to replace libor. if libor ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain agreements that use libor as a benchmark and we cannot predict what alternative index or other amendments may be negotiated with our counterparties. as a result, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. additionally, uncertainty as to the nature of a potential discontinuance or modification of libor, alternative reference rates or other reforms may materially and adversely affect the trading market for securities linked to such benchmarks. for additional information, see financial condition in item 7. md&a.
our industry is highly competitive.
we face strong competition in all of our market segments in several significant respects. we compete based on breadth and scope of our hardware and software product portfolio and solution and service offerings, technology differentiation, the domain expertise of our employees and partners, product performance, quality of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, knowledge of integrated systems and applications that address our customers' business challenges, pricing, delivery and customer service. the relative importance of these factors differs across the geographic markets and product areas that we serve and across our market segments. we seek to maintain competitive pricing levels across and within geographic markets by continually developing advanced technologies for new hardware and software products and product enhancements and offering complete solutions for our customers' business problems. in addition, we continue to drive productivity to reduce our cost structure. if we fail to achieve our objectives, to keep pace with technological changes, or to provide high quality hardware and software products, solutions and services, we may lose business or experience price erosion and correspondingly lower sales and margins. we expect the level of competition to remain high in the future, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.
business and operational risks we rely on suppliers to provide equipment, components and services.
our business requires that we buy equipment, components and services including finished products, electronic components and commodities. our reliance on suppliers involves certain risks, including:
•shortages of components, commodities or other materials, which could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies and ability to make timely delivery of our products, solutions and services;
•changes in the cost of these purchases due to inflation, exchange rate fluctuations, taxes, tariffs, commodity market volatility or other factors that affect our suppliers;
•poor quality or an insecure supply chain, which could adversely affect the reliability and reputation of our hardware and software products, solutions and services;
•intellectual property risks such as challenges to ownership of rights or alleged infringement by suppliers.
any of these uncertainties could adversely affect our profitability and ability to compete. we also maintain several single-source supplier relationships because either alternative sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. unavailability of, or delivery delays for, single-source components or products could adversely affect our ability to ship the related products in a timely manner. the effect of unavailability or delivery delays would be more severe if associated with our higher volume and more profitable products. even where substitute sources of supply are available, qualifying alternative suppliers and establishing reliable supplies could cost more or result in delays and a loss of sales.
our business success depends on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified personnel.
our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management team and key employees, and the effective implementation of processes and technology to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. the skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance. difficulty attracting, developing, and retaining members of our management team and key employees with the necessary expertise, including by offering attractive compensation, benefits, and development opportunities, could have a negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. we continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency, and to mitigate failure risks from older technologies currently in use. failure to identify and successfully implement new processes and technologies could add costs and complications to ongoing operations and negatively impact employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency.
we sell to customers around the world and are subject to the risks of doing business in many countries.
we do business in more than 100 countries around the world. less than half of our total sales in 2021 were to customers outside the u.s. in addition, our manufacturing operations, suppliers and employees are located in many places around the world. the future success of our business depends in large part on growth in our sales in non-u.s. markets. our global operations are subject to numerous financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability; prevalence of corruption in certain countries; enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights; and compliance with existing and future laws, regulations and policies, including those related to exports, imports, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions, investments, taxation, product content and performance, employment and repatriation of earnings. in addition, we are affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, inflation rates and interest rates. the occurrence or consequences of these risks may make it more difficult to operate our business and may increase our costs, which could decrease our profitability and have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
failures or security breaches of our products, connected services, manufacturing environment, supply chain, or information technology systems could have an adverse effect on our business.
we rely heavily on information technology (it) in our hardware and software products, solutions and services for customers, manufacturing environment, and in our enterprise infrastructure. despite the implementation of security measures, our it systems are vulnerable to unauthorized access by nation states, hackers, cyber-criminals, malicious insiders, and other actors who may engage in fraud, theft of confidential or proprietary information, or sabotage. our systems could be compromised by malware (including ransomware), cyber attacks, and other events, ranging from widespread, non-targeted, global cyber threats to targeted advanced persistent threats. given that our hardware and software products, solutions and services are used in critical infrastructure, these threats could indicate increased risk for our products, services, solutions, manufacturing, and it infrastructure. past global cyber attacks have also been perpetuated by compromising software updates in widely-used software products, increasing the risk that vulnerabilities or malicious content could be inserted into our products. in some cases, malware attacks were spread throughout the supply chain, moving from one company to the next via authorized network connections.
our hardware and software products, solutions, and services are used by our direct and indirect customers in applications that may be subject to information theft, tampering, sabotage, or cyber-attacks. careless or malicious actors could cause a customer's process to be disrupted or could cause equipment to operate in an improper manner that could result in harm to people or property. while we continue to improve the security attributes of our hardware and software products, solutions and services, we can reduce risk, not eliminate it. to a significant extent, the security of our customers' systems depends on how those systems are designed, installed, protected, configured, updated and monitored, and much of this is typically outside our control. in addition, the software supply chain introduces security vulnerabilities into many products across the industry.
our business uses it resources on a dispersed, global basis for a wide variety of functions including development, engineering, manufacturing, sales, accounting, and human resources. our vendors, partners, employees and customers have access to, and share, information across multiple locations via various digital technologies. in addition, we rely on partners and vendors, including cloud providers, for a wide range of products and outsourced activities as part of our internal it infrastructure and our commercial offerings. secure connectivity is important to these ongoing operations. also, our partners and vendors frequently have access to our confidential information as well as confidential information about our customers, employees, and others. we design our security architecture to reduce the risk that a compromise of our partners' infrastructure, for example a cloud platform, could lead to a compromise of our internal systems or customer networks. in addition, our third party risk program manages risk posed by our suppliers that have access to our confidential information, systems, or network, but this risk cannot be eliminated and vulnerabilities at third parties could result in unknown risk exposure to our business and information.
the current cyber threat environment indicates increased risk for all companies, including those in industrial automation and information. like other global companies, we have experienced cyber threats and incidents, although none have been material or had a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. our information security efforts, under the leadership of our chief information security officer and chief product security officer, with the support of the entire management team, include major programs designed to address security governance and risk, product security, identification and protection of critical assets, insider risk, third-party risk, security awareness, and cyber defense operations. we believe these measures reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of a cybersecurity incident. any significant security incidents could have an adverse impact on sales, harm our reputation and cause us to incur legal liability and increased costs to address such events and related security concerns.
an inability to respond to changes in customer preferences could result in decreased demand for our products.
our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer hardware and software products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various markets we serve. developing new hardware and software products requires high levels of innovation, and the development process is often lengthy and costly. if we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop, and market products that respond to changes in customer preferences and emerging technological and broader industry trends, demand for our products could decline.
there are inherent risks in our solutions and services businesses.
risks inherent in the sale of solutions and services include assuming greater responsibility for successfully delivering projects that meet a particular customer specification, including defining and controlling contract scope, efficiently executing projects, and managing the performance and quality of our subcontractors and suppliers. if we are unable to manage and mitigate these risks, we could incur cost overruns, liabilities and other losses that would adversely affect our results of operations.
we rely on our distribution channel for a substantial portion of our sales.
in north america, a large percentage of our sales are through distributors. in certain other countries, the majority of our sales are also through a limited number of distributors. we depend on the capabilities and competencies of our distributors to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services and deliver value to our customers. disruptions to our existing distribution channel or the failure of distributors to maintain and develop the appropriate capabilities to sell our hardware and software products, solutions and services could adversely affect our sales. a disruption could result from the sale of a distributor to a competitor, financial instability of a distributor or other events.
intellectual property infringement claims of others and the inability to protect our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our customers.
others may assert intellectual property infringement claims against us or our customers. we frequently provide a limited intellectual property indemnity in connection with our terms and conditions of sale to our customers and in other types of contracts with third parties. indemnification payments and legal expenses to defend claims could be costly.
in addition, we own the rights to many patents, trademarks, brand names and trade names that are important to our business. the inability to enforce our intellectual property rights may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. expenses related to enforcing our intellectual property rights could be significant.
increasing employee benefit costs and funding requirements could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition.
one important aspect of attracting and retaining qualified personnel is continuing to offer competitive employee retirement and health care benefits. the expenses we record for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans depend on factors such as changes in market interest rates, the value of plan assets, mortality assumptions and healthcare trend rates. significant unfavorable changes in these factors would increase our expenses and funding requirements. expenses and funding requirements related to employer-funded healthcare benefits depend on laws and regulations, which could change, as well as healthcare cost inflation. an inability to control costs and funding requirements related to employee and retiree benefits could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition.
strategic transactions and investments risks failure to identify, manage, complete, and integrate strategic transactions may adversely affect our business or we may not achieve the expected benefits of these transactions.
as part of our strategy, we may pursue strategic transactions, including acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, other business opportunities and purchases of technology from third parties. in order to be successful, we must identify attractive transaction opportunities, effectively complete the transaction, and manage post-closing matters, such as integration of the acquired business or technology (including related personnel) and cooperation with our joint venture and other strategic partners. we may not be able to identify or complete beneficial transaction opportunities given the intense competition for them. even if we successfully identify and complete such transactions, we may not achieve the expected benefits of such transactions and we may not be able to successfully address risks and uncertainties inherent in such transactions, including:
•difficulties in integrating the purchased or new operations, technologies, products or services, retaining customers and achieving the expected benefits of the transaction, such as sales increases, access to technologies, cost savings and increases in geographic or product presence, in the desired time frames;
•loss of key employees or difficulties integrating personnel;
•difficulties implementing and maintaining consistent standards, financial systems, internal and other controls, procedures, policies and information systems;
•difficulties maintaining relationships with our joint venture and other strategic partners (including as a result of such joint venture and other strategic partners having differing business objectives) and managing disputes with such joint venture and other strategic partners that may arise in connection with our relationships with them; and
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns.
future strategic transactions and technology investments could result in debt, dilution, liabilities, increased interest expense, restructuring charges, and impairment and amortization expenses related to intangible assets.
we own common stock in ptc inc. and are exposed to the volatility, liquidity and other risks inherent in holding that stock.
we own common stock of ptc inc. (ptc), a nasdaq-listed company, that we acquired for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion. we present this investment on our consolidated balance sheet at its fair value at the end of each reporting period. the fair value of our shares of ptc common stock (ptc shares) is subject to fluctuation in the future due to the volatility of the stock market, changes in general economic conditions, and the performance of ptc. we recognize all changes in the fair value of the ptc shares (whether realized or unrealized) as gains or losses in our consolidated statement of operations. accordingly, changes in the fair value of the ptc shares can materially impact the earnings we report, which introduces volatility in our earnings that is not associated with the results of our business operations. in particular, significant declines in the fair value of the ptc shares would produce significant declines in our reported earnings.
while there is an established trading market for shares of ptc common stock, there are limitations on our ability to dispose of some or all of the ptc shares should we wish to reduce our investment. until september 2023, we are subject to contractual restrictions on our ability to transfer the ptc shares, subject to certain exceptions. in addition, we are subject to certain restrictions on our ability to transfer the ptc shares under the securities laws. further, the reported value of the ptc shares does not necessarily reflect their lowest current market price. if we were forced to sell some or all of the ptc shares in the market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell them at prices equivalent to the value of the ptc shares that we have reported on our consolidated balance sheet, and we may be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices.
finally, our equity position in ptc is a minority position which exposes us to further risk as we are not able to exert control over ptc.
legal, tax and regulatory risks new legislative and regulatory actions could adversely affect our business.
legislative and regulatory action, including those related to corporate income taxes or climate change, may be taken in the various countries and other jurisdictions where we operate that may affect our business activities in those countries and other jurisdictions or may otherwise increase our costs to do business. for example, we are increasingly required to comply with various environmental and other material, product, certification and labeling laws and regulations. our customers may also be required to comply with such legislative and regulatory requirements. these requirements could increase our costs and could potentially have an adverse effect on our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions. changes in these requirements could impact demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services. compliance with state, federal and foreign privacy regulations, such as the european union's general data protection regulation (gdpr), could increase our operating costs as part of our efforts to protect and safeguard our sensitive data and personal information. failure to maintain information privacy could result in legal liability or reputational harm.
in addition, increased public awareness and concern regarding climate change may result in more requirements or expectations that could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, such as more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social, and governance metrics. there continues to be a lack of consistent climate change legislation and standards, which creates uncertainty. while the company has adopted certain voluntary targets, environmental laws, regulations, or standards may be changed, accelerated, or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the company, its products, or customers, which could negatively impact the company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, and financial condition.
claims from taxing authorities could have an adverse effect on our income tax expense and financial condition.
we conduct business in many countries, which requires us to interpret and comply with the income tax laws and rulings in each of those taxing jurisdictions. due to the ambiguity of tax laws among those jurisdictions as well as the uncertainty of how underlying facts may be construed, our estimates of income tax liabilities may differ from actual payments or assessments. we must successfully defend any claims from taxing authorities to avoid an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation (including asbestos claims and environmental remediation) could reduce our profitability.
various lawsuits, claims and proceedings have been or may be asserted against us relating to the conduct of our business, including those pertaining to the safety and security of the hardware and software products, solutions and services we sell, employment, contract matters, and environmental remediation.
we have been named as a defendant in lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos that was used in certain of our products many years ago. our products may also be used in hazardous industrial activities, which could result in product liability claims. the uncertainties of litigation (including asbestos claims) and the uncertainties related to the collection of insurance proceeds make it difficult to predict the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits.
our operations are subject to various environmental regulations concerning human health, the limitation and control of emissions and discharges into the air, ground, and water, the quality of air and bodies of water, and the handling, use and disposal of specified substances. our financial responsibility to clean up contaminated property or for natural resource damages may extend to previously owned or used properties, waterways and properties owned by unrelated companies or individuals, as well as properties that we currently own and use, regardless of whether the contamination is attributable to prior owners. we have been named as a potentially responsible party at cleanup sites and may be so named in the future, and the costs associated with these current and future sites may be significant.
we have, from time to time, divested certain of our businesses. in connection with these divestitures, certain lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us related to the period that we owned the businesses, either because we agreed to retain certain liabilities related to these periods or because such liabilities fall upon us by operation of law. in some instances, the divested business has assumed the liabilities; however, it is possible that we might be responsible for satisfying those liabilities if the divested business is unable to do so.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations non-gaap measures the following discussion includes organic sales, total segment operating earnings and margin, adjusted income, adjusted eps, adjusted effective tax rate and free cash flow, which are non-gaap measures. see supplemental sales information for a reconciliation of reported sales to organic sales and a discussion of why we believe this non-gaap measure is useful to investors. see results of operations for a reconciliation of income before income taxes to total segment operating earnings and margin and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures are useful to investors. see results of operations for a reconciliation of income from continuing operations, diluted eps from continuing operations and effective tax rate to adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate, respectively, and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures are useful to investors. see financial condition for a reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow and a discussion of why we believe this non-gaap measure is useful to investors.
overview rockwell automation, inc. is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. we connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. overall demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services is driven by:
•investments in manufacturing, including upgrades, modifications and expansions of existing facilities or production lines and new facilities or production lines;
•investments in basic materials production capacity, which may be related to commodity pricing levels;
•our customers' needs for faster time to market, operational productivity, asset management and reliability, and enterprise risk management;
•our customers' needs to continuously improve quality, safety and sustainability;
•industry factors that include our customers' new product introductions, demand for our customers' products or services and the regulatory and competitive environments in which our customers operate;
•levels of global industrial production and capacity utilization;
•regional factors that include local political, social, regulatory and economic circumstances; and
•the spending patterns of our customers due to their annual budgeting processes and their working schedules.
long-term strategy our strategy is to bring the connected enterprise to life by integrating control and information across the enterprise. we deliver customer outcomes by combining advanced industrial automation with the latest information technology. our growth and performance strategy seeks to:
•achieve organic sales growth in excess of the automation market by expanding our served market and strengthening our competitive differentiation;
•grow market share of our core platforms;
•drive double digit growth in information solutions and connected services;
•drive double digit growth in annual recurring revenue;
•acquire companies that serve as catalysts to organic growth by increasing our information solutions and high-value services offerings and capabilities, expanding our global presence, or enhancing our process expertise;
•enhance our market access by building our channel capability and partner network;
•deploy human and financial resources to strengthen our technology leadership and our intellectual capital business model;
•continuously improve quality and customer experience; and
•drive annual cost productivity.
by implementing the above strategy, we seek to achieve our long-term financial goals, including above-market organic sales growth, increasing the portion of our total revenue that is recurring in nature, eps growth above sales growth, return on invested capital in excess of 20 percent and free cash flow equal to about 100 percent of adjusted income. we expect acquisitions to add a percentage point or more per year to long-term sales growth.
our customers face the challenge of remaining globally cost competitive and automation can help them achieve their productivity and sustainability objectives. our value proposition is to help our customers reduce time to market, lower total cost of ownership, improve asset utilization and manage enterprise risks.
differentiation through technology innovation and domain expertise our integrated control and information architecture, with logix at its core, is an important differentiator. we are the only automation provider that can support discrete, process, batch, safety, motion and power control on the same hardware platform with the same software programming environment. our integrated architecture is scalable with standard open communications protocols making it easier for customers to implement it more cost effectively. our information software portfolio, combined with the software made available as a result of our strategic alliance with ptc, is the most comprehensive and flexible information platform in the industry. through the combination of this technology and our domain expertise we help customers to achieve additional productivity benefits, such as reduced unplanned downtime, improved energy efficiency, higher quality and increased throughput yield.
intelligent motor control is one of our core competencies and an important aspect of an automation system. these hardware and software products and solutions enhance the availability, efficiency and safe operation of our customers' critical and most energy-intensive plant assets. our intelligent motor control offering can be integrated seamlessly with the logix architecture.
domain expertise refers to the industry and application knowledge required to deliver solutions and services that support customers through the entire life cycle of their automation investment. the combination of industry-specific domain expertise of our people with our innovative technologies enables us to help our customers solve their manufacturing and business challenges.
global expansion as the manufacturing world continues to expand, we must be able to meet our customers' needs around the world. approximately 66 percent of our employees and less than half of our total sales are outside the u.s. we continue to expand our footprint in emerging markets.
as we expand in markets with considerable growth potential and shift our global footprint, we expect to continue to broaden the portfolio of hardware and software products, solutions and services that we provide to our customers in these regions. we have made significant investments to globalize our manufacturing, product development and customer-facing resources in order to be closer to our customers throughout the world. the emerging markets of asia pacific, including china and india, latin america, central and eastern europe and africa are projected to be the fastest growing over the long term, due to higher levels of infrastructure investment and the growing middle-class population. we believe that increased demand for consumer products in these markets will lead to manufacturing investment and provide us with additional growth opportunities in the future.
enhanced market access over the past decade, our investments in technology and globalization have enabled us to expand our addressed market to over $90 billion. our process initiative has been the most important contributor to this expansion and remains our largest growth opportunity.
original equipment manufacturers (oems) represent another area of addressed market expansion and an important growth opportunity. to remain competitive, oems need to find the optimal balance of machine cost and performance while reducing their time to market. our scalable integrated architecture and intelligent motor control offerings, along with design productivity tools and our motion and safety products, can assist oems in addressing these business needs.
we have developed a powerful network of channel partners, technology partners and commercial partners that act as amplifiers to our internal capabilities and enable us to serve our customers' needs around the world.
broad range of industries served we apply our knowledge of manufacturing applications to help customers solve their business challenges. we serve customers in a wide range of industries, which we group into three broad categories: discrete, hybrid, and process.
discrete                            hybrid                              process automotive                          food &amp; beverage                 oil &amp; gas semiconductor                       life sciences                       mining warehousing &amp; e-commerce        household &amp; personal care       metals general industries                  tire                                chemicals printing &amp; publishing           eco industrial                      pulp &amp; paper marine                              water / wastewater                  other process glass                               waste management fiber &amp; textiles                mass transit airports                            renewable energy aerospace other discrete outsourcing and sustainability trends demand for our hardware and software products, solutions and services across all industries benefits from the outsourcing and sustainability needs of our customers. customers increasingly desire to outsource engineering services to achieve a more flexible cost base. our manufacturing application knowledge enables us to serve these customers globally.
we help our customers meet their sustainability needs pertaining to energy efficiency, environmental, and safety goals. customers across all industries are investing in more energy-efficient manufacturing processes and technologies, such as intelligent motor control, and energy-efficient solutions and services. in addition, environmental and safety objectives, including those related to combating climate change, often spur customers to invest to ensure compliance and implement sustainable business practices. as customers seek to be more sustainable, our offering of hardware and software products provide strategic opportunities to appeal to their changing needs and preferences.
acquisitions and investments our acquisition and investment strategy focuses on hardware and software products, solutions and services that will be catalytic to the organic growth of our core offerings.
in august 2021, we acquired plex systems (plex), a cloud-native smart manufacturing platform. plex offers a single-instance, multi-tenant software-as-a-service manufacturing platform operating at scale, including advanced manufacturing execution systems, quality, and supply chain management capabilities.
in december 2020, we acquired fiix inc., a privately-held, artificial intelligence enabled computerized maintenance management system (cmms) company based in toronto, ontario, canada. fiix's cloud-native cmms creates workflows for the scheduling, organizing, and tracking of equipment maintenance; connects seamlessly to business systems; and drives data-driven decisions.
in october 2020, we acquired oylo, a privately-held industrial cybersecurity services provider based in barcelona, spain. oylo is dedicated to providing a broad range of industrial control system cybersecurity services and solutions including assessments, turnkey implementations, managed services and incident response.
in april 2020, we acquired asem, s.p.a. (asem), a provider of digital automation technologies. asem's products will allow us to provide customers with a high degree of configurability for their industrial computing needs, allow them to achieve faster time to market, lower their cost of ownership, improve asset utilization, and better manage enterprise risk.
in april 2020, we also acquired kalypso, lp (kalypso), a privately-held us-based software delivery and consulting firm specializing in the digital transformation of industrial companies with a strong client base in life sciences, consumer products and industrial high-tech. this acquisition enhances our ability to implement and deploy technology and deliver even greater value to our customers.
in january 2020, we acquired avnet data security, ltd (avnet), an israel-based cybersecurity provider with over 20 years of experience providing cybersecurity services. avnet's combination of service delivery, training, research, and managed services enables us to service a much larger set of customers globally while also continuing to accelerate our portfolio development in this market.
on october 1, 2019, we completed the formation of a joint venture, sensia, a fully integrated digital oilfield automation solutions provider. the joint venture leverages schlumberger's oil and gas domain knowledge and our automation and information expertise. rockwell automation owns 53% of sensia and schlumberger owns 47% of sensia.
in october 2019, we also acquired mestech services (mestech), a global provider of manufacturing execution systems / manufacturing operations management, digital solutions consulting, and systems integration services. the acquisition of mestech expands our capabilities to profitably grow information solutions and connected services globally and accelerate our ability to help our customers execute digital transformation initiatives.
in january 2019, we acquired emulate3d, an innovative engineering software developer whose products digitally simulate and emulate industrial automation systems. this acquisition enables our customers to virtually test machine and system designs before incurring manufacturing and automation costs and committing to a final design.
in 2018, we made several investments, including in shares of ptc common stock (the "ptc shares"). ptc is the leader in the industrial internet of things and augmented reality. our investment in and alliance with ptc is accelerating growth for both companies and enabling us to be the partner of choice for customers around the world who want to transform their physical operations with digital technology in order to achieve increased productivity, heightened plant efficiency, reduced operational risk and better system interoperability.
we believe these acquisitions and investments will help us expand our served market and deliver value to our customers.
attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified talent at rockwell automation, we promise to expand human possibility within our company and throughout the world of industrial production, and we work to attract and develop highly engaged people who can and want to do their best work.
our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion starts at the top. our 11 board members, 10 of whom are independent, include three female and two african american directors. in fiscal year 2021, we hired our first chief diversity officer and made investments to accelerate our efforts to increase diversity, equity, and inclusion across the company.
a culture of integrity is fundamental to rockwell's core values, including a formal ethics and compliance organization and an ombuds office that investigates ethical and legal concerns brought forth by employees. in fiscal year 2020, we refreshed our code of conduct that along with our partner code of conduct and supplier code of conduct prohibits corrupt acts, bribery and anticompetitive behavior. employee training is used to reinforce our values companywide, with participation in trainings related to ethics, environment, health and safety, and emergency responses at or near 100%.
•we make the safety and health of our employees a top priority. we strive for zero workplace injuries and illnesses and operate in a manner that recognizes safety as fundamental to rockwell automation being a great place to work. in fiscal year 2021, we achieved 0.27 recordable cases per 100 employees.
•we capture and act upon employee feedback through our annual employee engagement survey. it measures several engagement indicators and drivers and provides an overall employee engagement index (eei) with external benchmark comparison. the latest survey, conducted in february 2021, showed an eei of 74, which was equal to a global norm for this index. our global inclusion index score was 76, three points higher than the global benchmark of 73.
•we invest in growth and development of our employees. as the pace of change increases, it is important we provide re-skilling and upskilling opportunities for our technical talent, along with soft skills and leadership development for all. we offer a portfolio of all employee, managerial and leader training that spans on-demand self-paced and virtual live instructor-led formats. our programs focus on basic as well as transformational skills. we take pride in our culture and in fiscal year 2021 created an opportunity for our employees to participate in team-based culture workshops. in fiscal 2021, the majority of our employees completed one or more of our training programs representing over 100,000 learning hours.
•we offer employee assistance and work life benefits to all global employees. our comprehensive benefits include healthcare benefits, disability and life insurance benefits, paid time off, and leave programs. rockwell offers plans and resources to help employees meet future savings goals through defined benefit and retirement savings plans. we offer flextime, remote work, and part-time arrangements whenever business conditions permit.
we monitor employee retention and attrition rates by demographic factors including by gender, ethnicity, generation, years of service, career role, region, business, and function. we generally experienced higher attrition rates in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020. we believe the increase is consistent with market trends experienced broadly across labor markets in fiscal 2021. we use attrition rate information to identify and address unfavorable trends to mitigate risk to our business. see item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of risks relating to our inability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified talent.
continuous improvement productivity and continuous improvement are important components of our culture. we have programs in place that drive ongoing process improvement, functional streamlining, material cost savings and manufacturing productivity. these are intended to improve profitability that can be used to fund investments in growth and to offset inflation. our ongoing productivity initiatives target both cost reduction and improved asset utilization. charges for workforce reductions and facility rationalization may be required in order to effectively execute our productivity programs.
u. s. industrial economic trends in 2021, sales in the u.s. accounted for over half of our total sales. the various indicators we use to gauge the direction and momentum of our served u.s. markets include:
•the industrial production (ip) index, published by the federal reserve, which measures the real output of manufacturing, mining, and electric and gas utilities. the ip index is expressed as a percentage of real output in a base year, currently 2017. historically, there has been a meaningful correlation between the changes in the ip index and the level of automation investment made by our u.s. customers in their manufacturing base.
•the manufacturing purchasing managers' index (pmi), published by the institute for supply management (ism), which indicates the current and near-term state of manufacturing activity in the u.s. according to the ism, a pmi measure above 50 indicates that the u.s. manufacturing economy is generally expanding while a measure below 50 indicates that it is generally contracting.
the table below depicts the trends in these indicators from fiscal 2019 to 2021. these figures are as of the date of this filing and are subject to revision by the issuing organizations. the ip index continued to improve during the quarter, reaching the pre-pandemic level in august before declining below that level again in september. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, pmi continues to be well above 50. the september pmi represents the sixteenth consecutive month of expansion in the overall economy.
non-u.s. economic trends in 2021, sales to customers outside the u.s. accounted for less than half of our total sales. these customers include both indigenous companies and multinational companies with a global presence. in addition to the global factors previously mentioned in the "overview" section, international demand, particularly in emerging markets, has historically been driven by the strength of the industrial economy in each region, investments in infrastructure and expanding consumer markets. we use changes in key countries' gross domestic product and ip as indicators of the growth opportunities in each region where we do business.
industrial output and pmi outside the u.s. was mixed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. industrial output projections for the first quarter of fiscal 2022 are varied with some regions projected to grow sequentially and others projected to contract.
supply chain we have a global supply chain, including a network of suppliers and distribution and manufacturing facilities. the supply chain is stressed by increased demand, along with pandemic-related and other global events that have put additional pressures on manufacturing output and freight lanes. this has resulted in and could continue to result in:
•disruptions in our supply chain;
•difficulty in procuring or inability to procure components and materials necessary for our hardware and software products, solutions and services;
•increased costs for commodities, components, and freight services; and
•delays in delivering, or an inability to deliver, our hardware and software products, solutions, and services.
we are closely managing our end-to-end supply chain, from sourcing to production to customer delivery, with a particular focus on all critical and at-risk suppliers and supplier locations globally.
covid-19 pandemic in fiscal 2020, we experienced a significant disruption to our business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic which impacted demand for our hardware and software products, services and solutions. in response to the pandemic we implemented enhanced policies and procedures for employee safety and we implemented temporary cost reduction actions and other adjustments to our cost structure. restrictions on physical access to customer, manufacturing and office facilities has created and continues to create inefficiencies and execution delays.
we continue to monitor the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and geographies. uncertainty on the duration and severity of those impacts remain as new variants of the virus have emerged and the evolving nature of vaccine roll-outs and regulations. new regulations for vaccines and covid-19 testing and health and safety requirements have been announced and additional regulations may be announced in the jurisdictions in which our business operates. we are continuously responding to the changing conditions created by the pandemic and evolving regulations and remain focused on our priorities including employee health and safety, our customer needs, and protecting critical investments to drive long-term differentiation.
we have seen a recovery in demand for our hardware and software products, services, and solutions during fiscal 2021, allowing us to reverse our temporary cost reduction actions, and we expect this to continue into fiscal 2022. we continue to monitor and to respond to the impacts on our businesses from macroeconomic effects including the ongoing impacts of the pandemic, supply chain constraints, and materials and labor shortages.
outlook the table below provides guidance for sales growth and earnings per share for fiscal 2022. our guidance reflects strong demand as well as record backlog entering into fiscal year 2022. supply chain challenges remain dynamic, and our projections assume gradual improvement over the course of the year.
sales growth guidance                                          eps guidance reported sales growth                        16% - 19%         diluted eps                             $9.91 - $10.51
organic sales growth1                        14% - 17%         adjusted eps                           $10.50 - $11.10
inorganic sales growth                       ~ 2%
organic sales growth and adjusted eps are non-gaap measures. see supplemental sales information and adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate reconciliation for more information on these non-gaap measures.
estimate for incremental sales resulting from businesses acquired in fiscal year 2021.
summary of results of operations the following table reflects our sales and operating results (in millions, except per share amounts):
sales intelligent devices (a)                                                                $3,311.9                      $2,956.0                      $3,279.7
software &amp; control (b)                                                              1,947.0                       1,681.3                       1,790.0
lifecycle services (c)                                                                  1,738.5                       1,692.5                       1,625.1
segment operating earnings1
intelligent devices (e)                                                                  $702.1                        $587.8                        $697.0
software &amp; control (f)                                                                531.0                         473.8                         531.2
lifecycle services (g)                                                                    158.2                         196.3                         245.4
total segment operating earnings2 (h)                                                   1,391.3                       1,257.9                       1,473.6
non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit                           (63.8)                        (37.4)                           8.4
valuation adjustments related to the registration of ptc shares                               -                             -                          33.7
intelligent devices segment operating margin (e/a)                                         21.2   %                      19.9   %                      21.3   %
software &amp; control segment operating margin (f/b)                                      27.3   %                      28.2   %                      29.7   %
lifecycle services segment operating margin (g/c)                                           9.1   %                      11.6   %                      15.1   %
total segment operating margin2 (h/d)                                                      19.9   %                      19.9   %                      22.0   %
(1)see note 19 in the consolidated financial statements for the definition of segment operating earnings.
(2)total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin are non-gaap financial measures. we exclude purchase accounting depreciation and amortization, corporate and other, non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (cost) credit, gains and losses on investments, the $70 million legal settlement in fiscal 2021, valuation adjustments related to the registration of the ptc shares in fiscal 2019, interest (expense) income - net, and income tax provision because we do not consider these costs to be directly related to the operating performance of our segments. we believe total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin are useful to investors as measures of operating performance. we use these measures to monitor and evaluate the profitability of our operating segments. our measures of total segment operating earnings and total segment operating margin may be different from measures used by other companies.
(3)adjusted eps is a non-gaap earnings measure. see adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate reconciliation for more information on this non-gaap measure.
sales sales in fiscal 2021 increased 10.5 percent compared to 2020. organic sales increased 6.7 percent of which approximately 1 percent was due to pricing. currency translation increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. acquisitions increased sales by 1.5 percentage points. organic annual recurring revenue (arr) at september 30, 2021 grew approximately 18 percent compared to september 30, 2020. see organic annual recurring revenue for information on this measure.
the table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended september 30, 2021, and the percentage change from the same period a year ago (in millions, except percentages):
change vs.                  change in organic sales(1) vs.
(1)organic sales and organic sales growth exclude the effect of acquisitions, changes in currency exchange rates, and divestitures. see supplemental sales information for information on these non-gaap measures.
•reported and organic sales in north america increased in discrete and hybrid industries, partially offset by weakness in process industries, particularly oil & gas.
•emea reported and organic sales increased primarily due to strength in food & beverage and tire. reported sales also increased due to currency translation and sales from acquisitions.
•asia pacific reported and organic sales increased year over year, primarily due to strength in semiconductor, life sciences, and tire. reported sales also increased due to favorable currency translation.
•reported and organic sales in latin america decreased year over year, primarily due to weakness in mining and oil & gas, partially offset by growth in food & beverage.
corporate and other corporate and other expenses were $120.6 million in fiscal 2021 compared to $98.9 million in fiscal 2020. the increase was primarily driven by deal costs associated with the acquisition of plex systems.
income before income taxes income before income taxes increased to $1,526.2 million in 2021 from $1,136.1 million in 2020, primarily due to fair-value adjustments recognized in 2021 and 2020 in connection with our investment in ptc (the "ptc adjustments"), higher operating earnings, and a $70 million pre-tax favorable legal settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. total segment operating earnings increased to $1,391.3 million from $1,257.9 million in 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020.
income taxes the effective tax rate in 2021 was 11.9 percent compared to 9.9 percent in 2020. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the effect of tax benefits recognized upon the formation of the sensia joint venture in fiscal 2020 and other discrete items. the adjusted effective tax rate in 2021 was 11.6 percent compared to 12.4 percent in 2020. the decrease in the adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to higher discrete benefits in the current year.
see note 16 in the consolidated financial statements for a complete reconciliation of the united states statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in 2021 and 2020 affecting each year's respective tax rates.
diluted eps and adjusted eps fiscal 2021 net income attributable to rockwell automation was $1,358.1 million or $11.58 per share, compared to $1,023.4 million or $8.77 per share in fiscal 2020. the increase in net income attributable to rockwell automation and diluted eps were primarily due to higher sales and the ptc adjustments, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020. adjusted eps was $9.43 in fiscal 2021, up 19.8 percent compared to $7.87 in fiscal 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation and the reversal of temporary pay actions taken in fiscal 2020.
operating segments the following is a discussion of our results by operating segment. see note 19 in the consolidated financial statements for additional information on each segment and our definition of segment operating earnings.
intelligent devices sales intelligent devices sales increased 12.0 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. organic sales increased 9.7 percent. the effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. all regions experienced sales increases.
segment operating margin intelligent devices segment operating earnings increased 19.4 percent. segment operating margin increased to 21.2% in 2021 from 19.9% in 2020, primarily due to higher sales, partially offset by the reinstatement of incentive compensation.
software & control sales software & control sales increased 15.8 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. organic sales increased 10.0 percent. the effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.5 percentage points and acquisitions increased sales by 3.3 percentage points. all regions experienced sales increases.
segment operating margin software & control segment operating earnings increased 12.1 percent year over year. segment operating margin decreased to 27.3% in 2021 from 28.2% percent a year ago, primarily due to higher planned investment spend and the reinstatement of incentive compensation, partially offset by higher sales.
lifecycle services sales lifecycle services sales increased 2.7 percent in 2021 compared to 2020. organic sales decreased 1.8 percent. the effects of currency translation increased sales by 2.2 percentage points and acquisitions increased sales by 2.3 percentage points. reported sales increased in emea and asia pacific, were flat in north america, and decreased in latin america. organic sales decreased in all regions except asia pacific.
segment operating margin lifecycle services segment operating earnings decreased 19.4 percent year over year. segment operating margin decreased to 9.1% in 2021 from 11.6% percent a year ago, primarily due to the reinstatement of incentive compensation.
sales sales in fiscal 2020 decreased 5.5 percent compared to 2019. organic sales decreased 7.8 percent of which pricing increased sales by approximately 1 percentage point. currency translation decreased sales by 1.2 percentage points. acquisitions increased sales by 3.5 percentage points.
the table below presents our sales, attributed to the geographic regions based upon country of destination, for the year ended september 30, 2020, and the percentage change from the same period a year ago:
change vs.         change in organic sales(1) vs.
(1)organic sales and organic sales growth exclude the effect of acquisitions, changes in currency exchange rates, and divestitures. see supplemental sales information for information on these non-gaap measures.
income before income taxes income before income taxes increased 26 percent from $901.0 million in 2019 to $1,136.1 million in 2020, primarily due to the ptc adjustments, partially offset by lower sales. total segment operating earnings decreased 15 percent year over year from $1,473.6 million in 2019 to $1,257.9 million in 2020, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions.
income taxes the effective tax rate in 2020 was 9.9 percent compared to 22.8 percent in 2019. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the ptc adjustments, tax benefits recognizable upon the formation of the sensia joint venture, and other discrete items. the adjusted effective tax rate in 2020 was 12.4 percent compared to 17.9 percent in 2019. the decrease in the adjusted effective tax rate was primarily due to our benefit from non-u.s. tax rates, tax benefits recognizable upon the formation of the sensia joint venture, and other discrete items.
see note 16 in the consolidated financial statements for a complete reconciliation of the united states statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate and more information on tax events in 2020 and 2019 affecting each year's respective tax rates.
diluted eps and adjusted eps fiscal 2020 net income attributable to rockwell automation was $1,023.4 million or $8.77 per share, compared to $695.8 million or $5.83 per share in fiscal 2019. the increase in net income attributable to rockwell automation and diluted eps were primarily due to the ptc adjustments, partially offset by lower sales. fiscal 2020 adjusted eps was $7.87, down 10.4 percent compared to $8.78 in fiscal 2019, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions.
operating segments the following is a discussion of our results by operating segment. see note 19 in the consolidated financial statements for additional information on each segment and our definition of segment operating earnings.
intelligent devices sales intelligent devices sales decreased 9.9 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. organic sales decreased 8.8 percent and the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.1 percentage points. all regions experienced sales declines.
segment operating margin intelligent devices segment operating earnings decreased 15.7 percent. operating margin was 19.9% percent in 2020 compared to 21.3% percent in 2019, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions.
software & control sales software & control sales decreased 6.1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. organic sales decreased 5.9 percent, the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.2 percentage points, and acquisitions increased sales by 1.0 percentage points. all regions experienced sales declines.
segment operating margin software & control segment operating earnings decreased 10.8 percent year over year. segment operating margin was 28.2 percent in 2020 compared to 29.7 percent a year ago, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions.
lifecycle services sales lifecycle services sales increased 4.1 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. organic sales decreased 7.8 percent, the effect of currency translation decreased sales by 1.4 percentage points, and acquisitions increased sales by 13.3 percentage points. reported sales increased in all regions except latin america, and all regions experienced organic sales declines.
segment operating margin lifecycle services segment operating earnings decreased 20.0 percent year over year. segment operating margin was 11.6 percent in 2020 compared to 15.1 percent a year ago, primarily due to lower organic sales and the impact of acquisitions, partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions.
supplemental segment information purchase accounting depreciation and amortization and non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) are not allocated to our operating segments because these costs are excluded from our measurement of each segment's operating performance for internal purposes. if we were to allocate these costs, we would attribute them to each of our segments as follows (in millions):
purchase accounting depreciation and amortization intelligent devices                                                              $2.7                      $2.9                        $3.3
software &amp; control                                                           19.2                       6.7                         4.8
lifecycle services                                                               32.1                      30.8                         7.4
non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)
intelligent devices                                                             $14.1                      $7.4                      $(4.2)
software &amp; control                                                           14.1                       7.4                       (4.2)
lifecycle services                                                               18.8                       9.9                       (5.5)
adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate reconciliation adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate are non-gaap earnings measures that exclude non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit), purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation, net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, and gains and losses on investments, including their respective tax effects. non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit) is defined as all components of our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost except for service cost. see note 14 in the consolidated financial statements for more information on our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost.
beginning in fiscal 2021, we changed our definition of adjusted income and adjusted eps to exclude the impact of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation, including the related tax effects. the definition of adjusted effective tax rate also changed to correspond to the purchase accounting items now being excluded from adjusted income. we believe these new definitions provide more useful information about our operating performance and allow management and investors to better compare our operating performance period over period, compared to our prior definitions of these measures given our increased inorganic investments. all previously reported amounts within this filing have been recast to conform to this new definition. adjusted eps is also used as a financial measure of performance for our annual incentive compensation. our measures of adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate may be different from measures used by other companies. these non-gaap measures should not be considered a substitute for net income attributable to rockwell automation, diluted eps and effective tax rate.
the following are reconciliations of net income attributable to rockwell automation, diluted eps and effective tax rate to adjusted income, adjusted eps and adjusted effective tax rate, respectively (in millions, except per share amounts and percentages):
non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)                                                              63.8                          37.4                         (8.4)
tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)                                              (16.0)                        (10.1)                           1.0
tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation                       (10.5)                         (7.0)                         (3.2)
change in fair value of investments1                                                                                     (397.4)                       (153.9)                         368.5
tax effect of change in fair value of investments1                                                                          64.7                             -                        (21.7)
non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)                                                              0.55                          0.32                        (0.07)
tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)                                              (0.14)                        (0.09)                          0.01
tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation                       (0.09)                        (0.06)                        (0.03)
change in fair value of investments1                                                                                      (3.39)                        (1.32)                          3.08
tax effect of change in fair value of investments1                                                                          0.55                             -                        (0.18)
tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit cost (credit)                                                 0.5   %                       0.6   %                       0.1   %
tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation                          0.4   %                       0.4   %                         -   %
tax effect of change in fair value of investments1                                                                         (1.2)   %                       1.5   %                     (5.0)   %
1includes (gain) loss on investments and valuation adjustments related to the registration of ptc shares.
tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation         (0.21)
non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost                                              (0.08)
tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost                                0.01
change in fair value of investments1                                                                        -
tax effect of change in fair value of investments                                                           -
tax effect of purchase accounting depreciation and amortization attributable to rockwell automation         ~ 0.5%
tax effect of non-operating pension and postretirement benefit (credit) cost                                ~ -%
tax effect of change in fair value of investments1                                                          ~ -%
fiscal 2022 guidance excludes estimates of changes in fair value of investments on a forward-looking basis due to variability, complexity, and limited visibility of these items.
fiscal 2022 guidance based on adjusted income attributable to rockwell, which includes an adjustment for schlumberger's non-controlling interest in sensia.
organic annual recurring revenue arr is a key metric that enables measurement of progress in growing our recurring revenue business. it represents the annual contract value of all active recurring revenue contracts at any point in time. recurring revenue is defined as a revenue stream that is contractual, typically for a period of 12 months or more, and has a high probability of renewal. the probability of renewal is based on historical renewal experience of the individual revenue streams, or management's best estimates if historical renewal experience is not available. organic arr growth is calculated as the dollar change in arr, adjusted to exclude the effects of currency translation and acquisitions, divided by arr as of the prior period. the effects of currency translation are excluded by calculating organic arr on a constant currency basis. when we acquire businesses, we exclude the effect of arr in the current period for which there was no comparable arr in the prior period. organic arr growth is also used as a financial measure of performance for our annual incentive compensation. because arr is based on annual contract value, it does not represent revenue recognized during a particular reporting period or revenue to be recognized in future reporting periods and is not intended to be a substitute for revenue, contract liabilities, or backlog.
financial condition the following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows (in millions):
operating activities                                                 $1,261.0                      $1,120.5                      $1,182.0
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                  16.8                           8.4                        (21.5)
the following table summarizes free cash flow, which is a non-gaap financial measure (in millions):
cash provided by continuing operating activities                     $1,261.0                      $1,120.5                      $1,182.0
capital expenditures                                                  (120.3)                       (113.9)                       (132.8)
our definition of free cash flow takes into consideration capital investments required to maintain our businesses' operations and execute our strategy. cash provided by continuing operating activities adds back non-cash depreciation expense to earnings but does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. our definition of free cash flow excludes the operating cash flows and capital expenditures related to our discontinued operations, if any. operating, investing and financing cash flows of our discontinued operations, if any, are presented separately in our consolidated statement of cash flows. in our opinion, free cash flow provides useful information to investors regarding our ability to generate cash from business operations that is available for acquisitions and other investments, service of debt principal, dividends and share repurchases. we use free cash flow, as defined, as one measure to monitor and evaluate our performance, including as a financial measure for our annual incentive compensation. our definition of free cash flow may differ from definitions used by other companies.
cash provided by operating activities was $1,261.0 million for the year ended september 30, 2021, compared to $1,120.5 million for the year ended september 30, 2020. free cash flow was $1,140.7 million for the year ended september 30, 2021, compared to $1,006.6 million for the year ended september 30, 2020. the year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow were primarily due to higher pre-tax income, including the $70 million favorable legal settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and a decrease in incentive compensation payments, partially offset by higher working capital and income tax payments in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020.
we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program in 2021 at a total cost of $301.4 million and an average cost of $263.43 per share. in 2020, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program at a total cost of $254.7 million and an average cost of $182.18 per share. at september 30, 2021, there were $1.8 million of outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable that did not settle until 2022. at september 30, 2020, there were no outstanding common stock share repurchases recorded in accounts payable. our decision to repurchase shares in 2022 will depend on business conditions, free cash flow generation, other cash requirements and stock price. on both september 6, 2018 and july 24, 2019, the board of directors authorized us to expend $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of our common stock. at september 30, 2021, we had approximately $552.3 million remaining for share repurchases under our existing board authorizations. see item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities, for additional information regarding share repurchases.
we expect future uses of cash to include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, additional contributions to our retirement plans, acquisitions of businesses and other inorganic investments, dividends to shareowners, repurchases of common stock and repayments of debt. we expect capital expenditures in 2022 to be approximately $165 million. significant long-term uses of cash include the following (in millions):
postretirement benefits (b)                               51.5                         5.8                     5.5                     5.1                     4.8                     4.5                         25.8
(a)the amounts for long-term debt assume that the respective debt instruments will be outstanding until their scheduled maturity dates and include interest but exclude unamortized discount. see note 7 in the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our long-term debt.
(b)our postretirement benefit plans are unfunded and are subject to change. amounts reported are estimates of future benefit payments, to the extent estimable.
(c)amounts reported for pension funding contributions reflect current estimates. contributions to our pension plans beyond 2022 will depend on future investment performance of our pension plan assets, changes in discount rate assumptions and governmental regulations in effect at the time. amounts subsequent to 2022 are excluded from the summary above, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of these amounts. the minimum contribution for our u.s. pension plan as required by the employee retirement income security act (erisa) is currently zero. we may make additional contributions to this plan at the discretion of management.
(d)under the tax act, the company may elect to pay the transition tax interest-free over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight.
we expect to fund future uses of cash with a combination of existing cash balances, cash generated by operating activities, commercial paper borrowings or a new issuance of debt or other securities. in addition, we have access to unsecured credit facilities with various banks.
at september 30, 2021, the majority of our cash and cash equivalents were held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. as a result of the broad changes to the u.s. international tax system under the tax act, in fiscal year 2018 we began to account for substantially all of our non-u.s. subsidiaries as being immediately subject to tax, while still concluding that earnings are indefinitely reinvested for a limited number of subsidiaries.
our short-term debt as of september 30, 2021, includes $484.0 million of commercial paper borrowings with a weighted average interest rate of 0.18 percent and weighted average maturity period of 90 days. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2020. also included in short-term debt as of september 30, 2021 and 2020 are $23.5 million of interest-bearing loans from schlumberger to sensia which were originally due september 30, 2020, and are now due december 31, 2021. the short-term loans from schlumberger were entered into following formation of sensia in fiscal 2020.
in august 2021, we issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. the offering consisted of $600.0 million of 0.35% notes due in august 2023, $450.0 million of 1.75% notes due in august 2031, and $450.0 million of 2.80% notes due in august 2061, all issued at a discount. net proceeds to the company from the debt offering were $1,485.6 million. we used these net proceeds primarily to fund the acquisition of plex. refer to note 4 in the consolidated financial statements for additional information on this acquisition.
we entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of the $1.5 billion aggregate notes in august 2021. these treasury locks were designated as and accounted for as cash flow hedges. as a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the notes, the company made a net payment of $28.0 million to the counterparties. the $28.0 million net loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax effect and is being amortized over the term of the corresponding notes as an adjustment to interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations.
in april 2020, we entered into a $400.0 million senior unsecured 364-day term loan credit agreement and were advanced the full loan amount. interest on these borrowings was based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings were outstanding. we repaid the $400.0 million term loan in september 2020.
in march 2019, we issued $1 billion aggregate principal amount of long-term notes in a registered public offering. the offering consisted of $425.0 million of 3.50% notes due in march 2029 ("2029 notes") and $575.0 million of 4.20% notes due in march 2049 ("2049 notes"), both issued at a discount. net proceeds to the company from the debt offering were $987.6 million. we used these net proceeds primarily to repay our outstanding commercial paper, with the remaining proceeds used for general corporate purposes.
we entered into treasury locks to manage the potential change in interest rates in anticipation of the issuance of $1.0 billion of fixed rate debt in march 2019. treasury locks are accounted for as cash flow hedges. the effective differentials paid on these treasury locks was initially recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax effect.
as a result of the changes in the interest rates on the treasury locks between the time we entered into the treasury locks and the time we priced and issued the 2029 notes and 2049 notes, the company made a payment of $35.7 million to the counterparty on march 1, 2019. the $35.7 million loss on the settlement of the treasury locks was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized over the term of the 2029 notes and 2049 notes, and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations.
on november 13, 2018, we replaced our former five-year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new five-year $1.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility expiring in november 2023. we can increase the aggregate amount of this credit facility by up to $750.0 million, subject to the consent of the banks in the credit facility. we did not incur early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the former credit facility. we did not borrow against the facility during the periods ended september 30, 2021 or 2020. borrowings under the new credit facility bear interest based on short-term money market rates in effect during the period the borrowings are outstanding. this credit facility contains covenants under which we agree to maintain an ebitda-to-interest ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0. the ebitda-to-interest ratio is defined in the credit facility as the ratio of consolidated ebitda (as defined in the facility) for the preceding four quarters to consolidated interest expense for the same period.
libor is the primary basis for determining interest payments on borrowings under our $1.25 billion credit facility. banks currently reporting information used to set u.s dollar libor are currently expected to stop doing so during 2023. various parties, including government agencies, are seeking to identify an alternative rate to replace libor. we are monitoring their efforts, and we will likely seek to amend contracts to accommodate any replacement rate where one is not already provided.
separate short-term unsecured credit facilities of approximately $230.8 million at september 30, 2021, were available to non-u.s. subsidiaries. borrowings under our non-u.s. credit facilities at september 30, 2021 and 2020, were not significant. we were in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities at september 30, 2021 and 2020. there are no significant commitment fees or compensating balance requirements under our credit facilities.
among other uses, we can draw on our credit facility as a standby liquidity facility to repay our outstanding commercial paper as it matures. this access to funds to repay maturing commercial paper is an important factor in maintaining the short-term credit ratings set forth in the table below. under our current policy with respect to these ratings, we expect to limit our other borrowings under our credit facility, if any, to amounts that would leave enough credit available under the facility so that we could borrow, if needed, to repay all of our then outstanding commercial paper as it matures.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, as a result of the additional leverage added to fund the plex acquisition, standard & poor's elected to downgrade our outlook from "stable" to "negative". no changes were made to existing ratings by moody's or fitch. the following is a summary of our credit ratings as of september 30, 2021:
credit rating agency          short term rating       long term rating        outlook standard &amp; poor's         a-1                     a                       negative moody's                       p-2                     a3                      stable fitch ratings                 f1                      a                       stable our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related costs of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit ratings and market conditions. conditions in the commercial paper market have improved since the covid-19 pandemic negatively affected this market in march and april 2020, and we have not experienced any difficulty in accessing the commercial paper market. if our access to the commercial paper market is adversely affected due to a change in market conditions or otherwise, we would expect to rely on a combination of available cash and our unsecured committed credit facility to provide short-term funding. in such event, the cost of borrowings under our unsecured committed credit facility could be higher than the cost of commercial paper borrowings.
we regularly monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. we diversify our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities.
we use foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage certain foreign currency risks. we enter into these contracts to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies forecasted to occur within the next two years. we also use these contracts to hedge portions of our net investments in certain non-u.s. subsidiaries against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of foreign currency balances to the u.s. dollar. in addition, we use foreign currency forward exchange contracts that are not designated as hedges to offset transaction gains or losses associated with some of our assets and liabilities resulting from intercompany loans or other transactions with third parties that are denominated in currencies other than our entities' functional currencies. our foreign currency forward exchange contracts are usually denominated in currencies of major industrial countries. we diversify our foreign currency forward exchange contracts among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities.
cash dividends declared to shareowners were $497.5 million in 2021 ($4.28 per common share), $472.8 million in 2020 ($4.08 per common share) and $459.8 million in 2019 ($3.88 per common share). our quarterly dividend rate as of september 30, 2021 is $1.07 per common share ($4.28 per common share annually), which is determined at the sole discretion of our board of directors.
supplemental sales information we translate sales of subsidiaries operating outside of the united states using exchange rates effective during the respective period. therefore, changes in currency exchange rates affect our reported sales. sales by acquired businesses also affect our reported sales. we believe that organic sales, defined as sales excluding the effects of acquisitions and changes in currency exchange rates, which is a non-gaap financial measure, provides useful information to investors because it reflects regional and operating segment performance from the activities of our businesses without the effect of acquisitions and changes in currency exchange rates. we use organic sales as one measure to monitor and evaluate our regional and operating segment performance. when we acquire businesses, we exclude sales in the current period for which there are no comparable sales in the prior period. we determine the effect of changes in currency exchange rates by translating the respective period's sales using the same currency exchange rates that were in effect during the prior year. when we divest a business, we exclude sales in the prior period for which there are no comparable sales in the current period. organic sales growth is calculated by comparing organic sales to reported sales in the prior year, excluding divestitures. we attribute sales to the geographic regions based on the country of destination.
the following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by geographic region to organic sales (in millions):
sales               effect of                        effect of                                                                         organic                         sales acquisitions                     changes in                                                                          sales currency north america                             $4,132.8                   $(48.1)                          $(24.6)                                                              $4,060.1                              $3,760.2
sales               effect of                              effect of                                                                 organic                         sales acquisitions                          changes in                                                                   sales currency north america                             $3,760.2                   $(91.5)                               $4.0                                                          $3,672.7                              $4,014.3
the following is a reconciliation of our reported sales by operating segment to organic sales (in millions):
sales               effect of                        effect of                                                             organic             sales acquisitions                     changes in                                                              sales currency intelligent devices              $3,311.9                   $-                               $(70.5)                                                  $3,241.4                  $2,956.0
software &amp; control            1,947.0                   (54.8)                           (42.1)                                                    1,850.1                   1,681.3
lifecycle services                1,738.5                   (39.1)                           (37.3)                                                    1,662.1                   1,692.5
sales               effect of                              effect of                                                     organic             sales acquisitions                          changes in                                                       sales currency intelligent devices              $2,956.0                   $-                                   $36.2                                              $2,992.2                  $3,279.7
software &amp; control            1,681.3                   (17.1)                                19.4                                               1,683.6                   1,790.0
lifecycle services                1,692.5                   (216.8)                               22.6                                               1,498.3                   1,625.1
critical accounting estimates we believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to the understanding of our financial statements as they could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management. accounting principles generally accepted in the united states require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. these estimates are based on our best judgment about current and future conditions, but actual results could differ from those estimates. refer to note 1 in the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our significant accounting policies.
goodwill - sensia reporting unit the quantitative test of goodwill for impairment requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. during the second quarter of 2021, we performed a quantitative impairment test for our sensia reporting unit. we determined the fair value of the reporting unit under a combination of an income approach derived from discounted cash flows and a market multiples approach using selected comparable public companies.
critical assumptions used in this approach included management's estimated future revenue growth rates, estimated future margins, and discount rate. estimated future revenue growth and margins are based on management's best estimate about current and future conditions. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on a number of factors, including historical experience and information obtained from reporting unit management. actual results and forecasts of revenue growth and margins for our sensia reporting unit may be impacted by its concentration within the oil & gas industry and with its customer base. demand for sensia hardware and software products, solutions and services is sensitive to industry volatility and risks, including those related to commodity prices, supply and demand dynamics, production costs, geological activity, and political activities. we determined the discount rate using our weighted average cost of capital adjusted for risk factors specific to the reporting unit, with comparison to market and industry data. a hypothetical 10 percent decrease in the fair value of this reporting unit would not impact our conclusion that goodwill was not impaired.
more information regarding goodwill impairment testing is contained in note 1 and note 3 in the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions - plex intangible assets valuation the accounting for a business combination requires the excess of the purchase price for the acquisition over the net book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the identifiable assets of the acquired entity. any unallocated portion is recognized as goodwill. we engaged an independent third-party valuation specialist to assist with the fair value allocation of the purchase price paid for the acquisition of plex to intangible assets. this required the use of several assumptions and estimates including the customer attrition rate, forecasted cash flows attributable to existing customers, and the discount rate for the customer relationship intangible asset and the royalty rate, forecasted revenue growth rates, and the discount rate for the technology intangible asset. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates require judgment and are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from plex management.
the key assumption requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the customer relationship intangible asset was the customer attrition rate of 5 percent. this rate was selected based on historical experience and information obtained from plex management. a change in the customer attrition rate of 250 basis points would result in a change of $63 million in intangible assets. the key assumptions requiring the use of judgement in the valuation of the technology intangible asset were the royalty rate of 25 percent and the obsolescence factor. the royalty rate was based on a detailed analysis considering the importance of the technology to the overall enterprise and market royalty data. a change in the royalty rate of 500 basis points would result in a change of $47 million in intangible assets. the obsolescence factor was calculated assuming phase out over ten years based on discussions with plex management, the nature of the technology, its integration into customers' manufacturing systems, and other third-party information for similar transactions. a two-year change in this assumption would result in a change of $52 million in intangible assets.
more information regarding this business combination is contained in note 4 in the consolidated financial statements.
retirement benefits - pension pension costs and obligations are actuarially determined and are influenced by assumptions used to estimate these amounts, including the discount rate. changes in any of the assumptions and the amortization of differences between the assumptions and actual experience will affect the amount of pension expense in future periods.
our global pension expense in 2021 was $157.0 million compared to $130.9 million in 2020. approximately 88 percent of our 2021 global pension expense and 75 percent of our global projected benefit obligation relate to our u.s. pension plan. the discount rate used to determine our 2021 u.s. pension expense was 2.90 percent, compared to 3.30 percent for 2020.
for 2022, our u.s. discount rate will increase to 3.10 percent from 2.90 percent in 2021. the discount rate was set as of our september 30 measurement date and was determined by modeling a portfolio of bonds that match the expected cash flow of our benefit plans.
the changes in our discount rate has an inverse relationship with our net periodic benefit cost and projected benefit obligation. the following chart illustrates the estimated change in projected benefit obligation and annual net periodic benefit cost assuming a change of 25 basis points in the discount rate for our u.s. pension plans (in millions):
pension benefits change in                           change in net periodic benefit cost(1)
projected benefit obligation discount rate        $129.7                              $13.3
(1) change includes both operating and non-operating pension costs.
more information regarding pension benefits is contained in note 14 in the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition - customer incentives we offer various incentive programs that provide distributors and direct sale customers with cash rebates, account credits or additional hardware and software products, solutions and services based on meeting specified program criteria. customer incentives are recognized as a reduction of sales if distributed in cash or customer account credits. we record accruals at the time of revenue recognition as a current liability within customer returns, rebates and incentives in our consolidated balance sheet or, where a right of setoff exists, as a reduction of receivables. customer incentives for additional hardware and software products, solutions and services to be provided are considered distinct performance obligations. as such, we allocate revenue to them based on relative standalone selling price. until the incentive is redeemed, the revenue is recorded as a contract liability.
our primary incentive program provides distributors with cash rebates or account credits based on agreed amounts that vary depending on the customer to whom our distributor ultimately sells the product. a critical assumption used in estimating the accrual for this program is the time period from when revenue is recognized to when the rebate is processed. our estimate is based primarily on historical experience. if the time period were to change by 10 percent, the effect would be an adjustment to the accrual of approximately $14.2 million.
more information regarding our revenue recognition and returns, rebates and incentives policies are contained in note 1 and note 2 in the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions - sensia joint venture intangible assets valuation we recorded assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the formation of sensia based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date of october 1, 2019. the accounting for a business combination requires the excess of the purchase price for the acquisition over the net book value of assets acquired to be allocated to the identifiable assets of the acquired entity. any unallocated portion is recognized as goodwill. we engaged an independent third-party valuation specialist to assist with the fair value allocation of the purchase price paid in connection with formation of the sensia joint venture to intangible assets, which required the use of several assumptions and estimates. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on historical experience and information obtained from sensia management. the key assumption requiring the use of judgment was the customer attrition rates ranging from 7.5 percent to 25 percent. a change in the customer attrition rate of 250 basis points would result in a change of $40.4 million in intangible assets.
acquisitions - consolidation of sensia joint venture on october 1, 2019, we completed the formation of a joint venture, sensia, a fully integrated digital oilfield automation solutions provider. rockwell automation owns 53 percent of sensia and schlumberger owns 47 percent of sensia. we control sensia and, as of october 1, 2019, have consolidated sensia in our financial results. in determining whether to consolidate sensia, u.s. gaap requires that we evaluate our ability to control the significant financial and operating decisions of the joint venture. determining the nature and extent of the noncontrolling interest holder's rights involves management judgment. we have evaluated the noncontrolling interest holder's rights and determined that we control and should consolidate sensia in our financial results.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 in the consolidated financial statements regarding recent accounting pronouncements.