item 1a. risk factors.
an investment in our common stock involves various risks, including those mentioned below and those that are discussed from time to time in our periodic filings with the sec. investors should carefully consider these risks, along with the other information contained in this report, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. there may be additional risks of which we are currently unaware, or which we currently consider immaterial. any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and value of our common stock.
risks relating to our business and the financial services industry.
our revenues are based on the market value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to fluctuation caused by factors outside of our control.
we derive our revenues primarily from investment advisory services provided by our subsidiaries to individual and institutional investors. our investment advisory fees typically are calculated as a percentage of the market value of the assets under our management. as a result, our revenues are dependent on the value and composition of the assets under our management, all of which are subject to substantial fluctuation due to many factors, including:
•investment performance. if the investment performance of our managed investment portfolios is less than that of our competitors or applicable third-party benchmarks, we could lose existing and potential clients and suffer a decrease in assets under management.
•general financial market declines. we derive a significant portion of our revenues from advisory fees on managed investment portfolios. a downturn in financial markets would cause the value of assets under our management to decrease, and may also cause investors to withdraw their investments, thereby further decreasing the level of assets under our management.
•investment concentration. the allocation of investment products for assets under management within market segments or strategies may impact associated fees that can vary depending on product offerings.
•capacity constraints. prolonged periods of strong relative investment performance and/or strong investor inflows has resulted in and may result in capacity constraints within certain strategies, which can lead to, among other things, the closure of those strategies to new investors.
•investing trends. changes in investing trends, particularly investor preference for passive or alternative investment products as well as increasing investor preference for environmentally and socially responsible investment products, and changes in retirement savings trends, may reduce interest in our products and may alter our mix of assets under management.
•interest rate changes. investor interest in and the valuation of our fixed income and multi-asset investment portfolios are affected by changes in interest rates.
•geo-political exposure. our managed investment portfolios may have significant investments in markets that are subject to risk of loss from political or diplomatic developments, government policies, civil unrest, currency fluctuations, illiquidity and capital controls, and changes in legislation related to ownership limitations.
a decrease in the value of assets under our management, or an adverse change in their composition, particularly in market segments where our assets are concentrated, could have a material adverse effect on our investment advisory fees and revenues. for any period in which revenues decline, net income and operating margins will likely decline by a greater proportion because certain expenses will be fixed over that finite period and may not decrease in proportion to the decrease in revenues.
a majority of our revenues are based on contracts with the u.s. mutual funds that are subject to termination without cause and on short notice.
we provide investment advisory, distribution, and other administrative services to the u.s. mutual funds under various agreements. investment advisory services are provided to each t. rowe price mutual fund under individual investment management agreements. the board of each t. rowe price mutual fund must annually approve the terms of the investment management and service agreements and can terminate the agreement upon 60-days' notice. if a t. rowe price mutual fund seeks to lower the fees that we receive or terminate its contract with us, we would experience a decline in fees earned from the u.s. mutual funds, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income.
we operate in an intensely competitive industry. competitive pressures may result in a loss of clients and their assets or compel us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, thereby reducing our revenues and net income.
we are subject to competition in all aspects of our business from other financial institutions. some of these financial institutions have greater resources than we do and may offer a broader range of financial products across more markets. some competitors operate in a different regulatory environment than we do which may give them certain competitive advantages in the investment products and portfolio structures that they offer. we compete with other providers of investment advisory services primarily based on the availability and objectives of the investment products offered, investment performance, fees and related expenses, and the scope and quality of investment advice and other client services. some institutions have proprietary products and distribution channels that make it more difficult for us to compete with them. substantially all of our investment products are available without sales or redemption fees, which means that investors may be more willing to transfer assets to competing products.
the market environment in recent years has led investors to increasingly favor lower fee passive investment products. as a result, investment advisors that emphasize passive products have gained and may continue to gain market share from active managers like us. while we believe there will always be demand for strong performing active management, we cannot predict how much market share these competitors will gain.
as part of our continued efforts to attract and retain clients, we develop and launch new products and services, which may require expenditure of resources and may expose us to new regulatory or compliance requirements as well as increased risk of operational or client service errors.
in the event that we decide to reduce the fees we charge for investment advisory services in response to competitive pressures, which we have done selectively in the past, revenues and operating margins could be
adversely impacted. fee reductions may vary depending on strategy and product offerings, which could result in investment rebalancing or reallocation adversely impacting revenues and operating margins.
our operations are complex and a failure to properly execute operational processes could have an adverse effect on our reputation and decrease our revenues.
we provide global investment management and administrative services to our clients. in certain cases, we rely on third-party service providers for the execution and delivery of these services. there can be no assurance that these vendors will properly perform these processes or that there will not be interruptions in services from these third parties. failure to properly execute or oversee these services could have an adverse impact on our business, financial results and reputation, and subject us to regulatory sanctions, fines, penalties, or litigation.
new investment strategies, investment vehicles, distribution channels, or other evolutions of or additions to our business may increase the risk that our existing systems may not be adequate to control the risks introduced by such changes. significant business changes may require us to update our processes or technology and may increase risk to meeting our business objectives. in addition, our information systems and technology platforms might not be able to accommodate our continued growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems might increase from its current level. if any of these factors were to arise it could disrupt our operations, increase our expenses or result in financial exposure, regulatory inquiry or reputational damage.
our business model is dependent on our personnel, as well as others involved in our business, such as third-party vendors, providers and other intermediaries, who support internal controls, supervision, technology and training to provide comfort that our activities do not violate applicable guidelines, rules and regulations or adversely affect our clients, counterparties or us, and all of which are subject to potential human errors. our personnel and others involved in our business may make errors that are not always immediately detected, which may disrupt our operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, litigation, or otherwise damage our reputation.
the quantitative models we use may contain errors, which could result in financial losses or adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
we use various quantitative models to support investment decisions and investment processes, including those related to portfolio management and portfolio risk analysis, as well as those related to client investment or savings advice or guidance. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on our business and reputation.
any damage to our reputation could harm our business and lead to a loss of revenues and net income or access to capital.
we have spent many years developing our reputation for integrity, strong investment performance, and superior client service. our brand is a valuable intangible asset, but it is vulnerable to a variety of threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or even impossible to remediate. regulatory inquiries and rumors can tarnish or substantially damage our reputation, even if those inquiries are satisfactorily addressed. actual or perceived failure to adequately address the environmental, social, and governance ("esg") expectations of our various stakeholders could lead to a tarnished reputation and loss of client assets or harm our access to capital. furthermore, esg issues have been the subject of increased focus by regulators and any inability to meet applicable requirements or expectations may adversely impact our reputation. misconduct by our employees or third-party service providers could likewise adversely impact our reputation and lead to a loss of client assets. while we maintain policies, procedures, and controls to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized activities, we are subject to the risk that our associates or third parties acting on our behalf may circumvent controls or act in a manner inconsistent with our policies and procedures. real or perceived conflicts between our clients' interests and our own, as well as any fraudulent activity or other exposure of client assets or information, may impair our reputation and subject us to litigation or regulatory action. any damage to our brand could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and reduce the amount of assets under our management, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income.
our operating results are dependent on the level of our expenses, which can vary significantly for many reasons, including:
•expenses incurred in connection with our multi-year strategic plan to strengthen our long-term competitive position;
•variations in the level of total compensation expense due to changes in, among other things, bonuses, stock-based awards, employee benefit costs due to regulatory or plan design changes, our employee count and mix, competitive factors, market performance, and inflation;
•changes in the level of our advertising and promotion expenses, including the costs of expanding investment advisory services to investors outside of the u.s. and further penetrating u.s. distribution channels;
•expenses and capital costs incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure, such as technology assets, depreciation, amortization, and research and development;
•changes in the costs incurred for third-party vendors that perform certain administrative and operating services;
•changes in expenses that are correlated to our assets under management, such as distribution and servicing fees;
•a future impairment of investments that is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet;
•a future impairment of goodwill that is recognized in our consolidated balance sheet;
•unanticipated material fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the costs of our operations abroad;
•future changes to legal and regulatory requirements and potential litigation; and
•disruptions of third-party services such as communications, power, and mutual fund transfer agent, investment management, trading, and accounting systems.
under our agreements with the u.s. mutual funds, we charge the funds certain administrative fees and related expenses based upon contracted terms. if we fail to accurately estimate our underlying expense levels or are required to incur expenses relating to the mutual funds that are not otherwise paid by the funds, our operating results will be adversely affected. while we are under no obligation to provide financial support to any t. rowe price investment products, any financial support provided would reduce capital available for other purposes and may have an adverse effect on revenues and net income.
our hedging strategies utilized to mitigate risk may not be effective, which could impact our earnings.
we employ hedging strategies related to our supplemental savings plan in order to hedge the liability related thereto. in the event that our hedging strategies are not effective, the resulting impact may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
amendments to tax laws may impact the marketability of the products and services we offer our clients or the financial position of the company.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. we cannot predict future changes in the tax regulations to which we are subject, and these regulations could have a material impact on our tax liability or result in increased costs of our tax compliance efforts.
additionally, changes in the status of tax deferred investment options, including retirement plans, tax-free municipal bonds, the capital gains and corporate dividend tax rates, and other individual and corporate tax rates could cause investors to view certain investment products less favorably and reduce investor demand for products and services we offer, which could have an adverse effect on our assets under management and revenues.
based on the global nature of our business, from time to time we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines, or penalties). we have a process to evaluate whether to record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due. we adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, however, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our estimates.
we have contracted with third-party financial intermediaries that distribute our investment products and such relationships may not be available or profitable to us in the future.
these contracted third-party intermediaries generally offer their clients various investment products in addition to, and in competition with, our investment products, and have no contractual obligation to encourage investment in our products. it would be difficult for us to acquire or retain the management of those assets without the assistance of the intermediaries, and we cannot assure that we will be able to maintain an adequate number of investment product offerings and successful distribution relationships. in addition, some investors rely on third-party financial planners, registered investment advisers, and other consultants or financial professionals to advise them on the choice of an investment adviser and investment products. these professionals and consultants can favor a competing investment product as better meeting their particular clients' needs. we cannot assure that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. further, their recommendations can change over time and we could lose their recommendation and their clients' assets under our management. mergers, acquisitions, and other ownership or management changes could also adversely impact our relationships with these third-party intermediaries. as a result of these changes, more of our revenues may be concentrated with fewer intermediaries, which may impact our dependence on these intermediaries. the presence of any of the adverse conditions discussed above would reduce revenues and net income, possibly by material amounts.
natural disasters and other unpredictable events could adversely affect our operations.
armed conflicts, trade wars, tariffs or sanctions, terrorist attacks, cyberattacks, power failures, epidemics or pandemics, climate change, increased severity of weather events, or natural disasters and other events outside of our control could adversely affect our revenues, expenses, and net income by:
•causing disruptions in national or global economies that decrease investor confidence and make investment products generally less attractive,
•incapacitating or inflicting losses of lives among our employees,
•interrupting our business operations or those of critical service providers,
•triggering technology delays or failures, and
•requiring substantial capital expenditures and operating expenses to remediate damage, replace our facilities, and restore our operations.
a significant portion of our business operations are concentrated in the baltimore, maryland region; colorado springs, colorado; and in london, england. in addition, we maintain offices with associates in many other global locations, including sydney, australia; hong kong; singapore; tokyo, japan; and luxembourg. we have developed various backup systems and contingency plans, but we cannot be assured that those preparations will be adequate in all circumstances that could arise, or that material interruptions and disruptions will not occur. we also rely to varying degrees on outside vendors for service delivery in addition to technology and disaster contingency support, and we cannot be assured that these vendors will be able to perform in an adequate and timely manner. if we lose the availability of any associates, or, if we are unable to respond adequately to such an event in a timely manner, we may be unable to timely resume our business operations, which could lead to financial losses, a tarnished reputation and loss of clients that could result in a decrease in assets under management, lower revenues, and materially reduced net income.
our business, financial condition, and results of operation may be adversely affected by the coronavirus or other global pandemics.
since early 2020, global financial markets have been monitoring and reacting to the novel coronavirus pandemic. the spread of the coronavirus has created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption to the global economy and may further impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. the coronavirus pandemic has adversely affected global financial markets and impacted global supply chains. health concerns and uncertainty regarding continued coronavirus impacts could lead to further and/or increased volatility in global capital and credit markets, adversely affect our key executives and other personnel, clients, investors, providers, suppliers, lessees, and other third parties, and negatively impact our assets under management ("aum"), revenues, income, business and operations. since our revenue is based on the market value and composition of the assets under our management, the ultimate impact on global financial markets and our clients' decisions related to this event could adversely affect our revenue and operating results.
furthermore, while we have in place robust and well-established business continuity plans that address the potential impact to our associates and our facilities, and a comprehensive suite of technologies which enable our associates to work remotely and conduct business, and to date while we have been successful in navigating these challenges, no assurance can be given that the steps we have taken will continue to be effective or appropriate. additionally, we must effectively ensure a safe working environment for associates working onsite in our offices, and adequately manage the post-pandemic transition from remote to onsite or a hybrid working environment. in the event that our associates become incapacitated by the coronavirus, our business operations may be impacted, which could lead to reputational and financial harm.
our investment income and asset levels may be negatively impacted by fluctuations in our investment portfolio.
separately from the investments we manage for our clients, we currently have a substantial investment portfolio. all of these investments are subject to investment market risk, and our non-operating investment income could be adversely affected by the realization of losses upon the disposition of our investments or the recognition of significant impairments or unrealized losses on these investments. in addition, related investment income has fluctuated significantly over the years depending upon the performance of our corporate investments, including the impact of market conditions and interest rates, and the size of our corporate money market and longer-term mutual fund holdings. fluctuations in other investment income are expected to occur in the future.
we may review and pursue strategic transactions in order to maintain or enhance our competitive position and these could pose risks.
from time to time, we consider strategic opportunities, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, organizational restructurings, joint ventures or similar transactions, any of which may impact our business. we cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully complete such transactions, and no assurance can be given with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction. these initiatives typically involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges to our ongoing business operations. in addition, acquisitions and related transactions involve risks, including unanticipated problems regarding integration of investor account and investment security recordkeeping, additional or new regulatory requirements, operating facilities and technologies, and new employees; adverse effects on our earnings in the event acquired intangible assets or goodwill become impaired; and the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by us prior to closing a transaction.
we own a 23% investment in uti asset management company ltd ("uti"), an indian asset management company, and we may consider non-controlling minority investments in other entities in the future. we may not realize future returns from such investments or any collaborative activities that may develop in the future.
on december 29, 2021, we completed our acquisition of oha. important ongoing integration-related risks, including that the anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be fully realized, or may take longer to realize than expected, or that the integration may cost more or take longer than expected, could adversely impact our operating results. the ongoing integration of oha is a time-consuming process that could distract our management and disrupt our business. a significant portion of oha's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory agreements and carried interest from general partner interests in affiliated private investment funds. generally, oha is entitled to a performance fee and carried interest under these agreements only in cases where the related
we are exposed to risks arising from our international operations.
we operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the united states. our international operations require us to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements of various foreign jurisdictions and expose us to the political consequences of operating in foreign jurisdictions. our foreign business operations are also subject to the following risks:
•difficulty in managing, operating, and marketing our international operations;
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates which may result in substantial negative effects on assets under our management, revenues, expenses, and assets in our u.s. dollar based financial statements; and
•significant adverse changes in international legal and regulatory environments.
human capital risks.
our success depends on our key personnel and our investment performance and financial results could be negatively affected by the loss of their services.
our success depends on our highly skilled personnel, including our portfolio managers, investment analysts, sales and client relationship personnel, and corporate officers, many of whom have specialized expertise and extensive experience in our industry. strong financial services professionals are in demand, and we face significant competition for highly qualified employees. generally, our associates can terminate their employment with us at any time. we cannot assure that we will be able to attract or retain key personnel.
due to the global nature of our investment advisory business, our key personnel may have reasons to travel to regions susceptible to higher risk of civil unrest, organized crime or terrorism, and we may be unable to ensure the safety of personnel traveling to these regions. we have near- and long-term succession planning processes, including programs to develop our future leaders, which are intended to address future talent needs and minimize the impact of losing key talent. however, in order to retain or replace our key personnel, we may be required to increase compensation, which would decrease net income. the loss of key personnel could damage our reputation and make it more difficult to retain and attract new employees and investors. losses of assets from our client investors would decrease our revenues and net income, possibly materially.
legal and regulatory risks.
compliance within a complex regulatory environment imposes significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and non-compliance could result in fines and penalties.
if we are unable to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of our employees, fines, penalties, sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets, or temporary or permanent loss of licenses or registrations necessary to conduct our business. a regulatory proceeding, even if it does not result in a finding of wrongdoing or sanctions, could consume substantial expenditures of time and capital. any regulatory investigation and any failure to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations could severely damage our reputation, adversely affect our ability to conduct business and decrease revenue and net income, and potentially result in complex litigation.
legal and regulatory developments in the mutual fund and investment advisory industry could increase our regulatory burden, impose significant financial and strategic costs on our business, and cause a loss of, or impact the servicing of, our clients and fund shareholders.
our regulatory environment is frequently altered by new regulations and by revisions to, and evolving interpretations of, existing regulations. new regulations present areas of uncertainty susceptible to alternative interpretations; regulators and prospective litigants may not agree with reasoned interpretations we adopt. future changes could require us to modify or curtail our investment offerings and business operations or impact our expenses and
profitability. additionally, some regulations may not directly apply to our business but may impact the capital markets, service providers or have other indirect effects on our ability to provide services to our clients.
potential impacts of current or proposed legal or regulatory requirements include, without limitation, the following:
•as part of the debate in washington, d.c. and in state legislatures, there has been increasing focus on the framework of the u.s. retirement system. we could experience adverse business impacts if legislative and regulatory changes limit retirement plans to certain products and services, or favor certain investment vehicles, that we do not offer, materially limit retirement savings opportunities or foster substantial outflows from retirement savings plans for non-retirement purposes.
•there has been substantial regulatory and legislative activity at federal and state levels regarding standards of care for financial services firms, related to both retirement and taxable accounts and the united states department of labor intends to propose new fiduciary rules applicable to retirement plans and accounts that comprise a majority of our accounts. actions taken by applicable regulatory or legislative bodies may impact our business activities and increase our costs.
•the federal reserve board has adopted final regulations related to non-bank systemically important financial institutions ("sifis"), and other jurisdictions are contemplating similar regulation. at this time, us regulators have not designated mutual funds or traditional asset managers as non-bank sifis. however, if any t. rowe price fund or t. rowe price affiliate was deemed a sifi, increased regulatory oversight would apply to our business, which may include enhanced capital, liquidity, leverage, stress testing, resolution planning, and risk management requirements.
•the commodity futures trading commission ("cftc") regulation may limit the ability of certain t. rowe price investment products to use futures, swaps, and other derivatives. we have registered certain subsidiaries with the cftc, subjecting us to additional regulatory requirements and costs, but also providing us additional flexibility to utilize such products. nonetheless, there are still certain limitations on our investment products due to cftc rules.
•there has been increased global regulatory focus on the manner in which intermediaries are paid for distribution of mutual funds. changes to long-standing market practices related to fees or enhanced disclosure requirements may negatively impact sales of mutual funds by intermediaries, especially if such requirements are not applied to other investment products.
•we remain subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations related to data privacy and protection of data we maintain concerning our clients and employees. these requirements continue to evolve, most commonly in ways that increase the complexity and costs of compliance. for example, california enacted the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the "ccpa") effective in january 1, 2020, which, among other things, significantly increased compliance obligations and the potential penalties for non-compliance, and california voters in november 2020 approved a replacement of this law effective january 1, 2023 with a new law that expands various requirements.
•after the 2008 financial crisis, global regulations on over-the-counter derivatives spearheaded by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act in the united states and european market infrastructure regulation in the european union ("eu") have imposed clearing, margin, trade reporting, electronic trading and recordkeeping requirements on market participants. alongside their general stabilizing and risk-reducing effect on the markets, these requirements have introduced operational complexity and additional costs to derivatives portfolios.
•the revised markets in financial instruments directive ("mifid ii directive") and regulation ("mifir") (together "mifid ii") applied across the eu and member states of the european economic area beginning on january 3, 2018. implementation of mifid ii has significantly impacted both the structure and operation of eu financial markets. some of the main changes introduced under mifid ii include applying enhanced disclosure requirements, enhancing conduct of business and governance requirements, broadening the scope of pre and post trade transparency, increasing transaction reporting requirements, transforming the relationship between client commissions and research, and further regulation of trading venues. compliance with mifid ii has increased operational complexity and increased our costs. for example, we began to pay for third-party
investment research used by our uk-based investment manager, t. rowe price international ltd, in 2018, and we now pay for all the research needs of our investment professionals globally.
•new laws or regulations involving esg integration and disclosure may materially impact the asset management industry. for example, the eu's recent action plan on financing sustainable growth includes initiatives to integrate esg into the financial system. furthermore, the sec and other regulators in the u.s. have announced plans to pursue similar initiatives, including additional disclosure obligations that would apply to our business operations, our employee and board diversity and other esg-related matters.
we cannot predict the nature of future changes to the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our business, nor the extent of the impacts that will result from current or future proposals. however, any such changes are likely to increase the costs of compliance and the complexity of our operations. they may also result in changes to our product or service offerings. the changing regulatory landscape may also impact a number of our service providers and, to the extent such providers alter their services or increase their fees, it may impact our expenses or those of the products we offer.
we are subject to regulatory and governmental inquiries and civil litigation. an adverse outcome of any such proceeding could involve substantial financial penalties and costs. from time to time, various claims against us arise in the ordinary course of business, including employment-related claims. there also has been an increase in litigation and in regulatory investigations in the financial services industry in recent years, including client claims, class action suits, and government actions alleging substantial monetary damages and penalties.
we carry insurance in amounts and under terms that we believe are appropriate. we cannot be assured that our insurance will cover every liability and loss to which we may be exposed, or that our insurance policies will continue to be available at acceptable terms and fees. certain insurance coverage may not be available or may be prohibitively expensive in future periods. as our insurance policies come up for renewal, we may need to assume higher deductibles or co-insurance liabilities, or pay higher premiums, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net income.
net capital requirements may impede the business operations of our subsidiaries.
certain of our subsidiaries are subject to net capital requirements imposed by various federal, state, and foreign authorities. each of our subsidiaries' net capital meets or exceeds all current minimum requirements; however, a significant change in the required net capital, an operating loss, or an extraordinary charge against net capital could adversely affect the ability of our subsidiaries to expand or maintain their operations if we were unable to make additional investments in them.
we have a significant locally authorized and regulated presence in the united kingdom ("uk") to support our global investment management business. we have realigned our european union ("eu") and uk operations in response to the uk exit ("brexit") from the eu; however, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of brexit on our operations or our business. we remain committed to our clients, associates and business expansion across the region.
technology risks.
we require significant quantities and types of technology to operate our business and would be adversely affected if we fail to maintain adequate infrastructure to conduct or expand our operations or if our technology became inoperative or obsolete.
we depend on significant quantities of technology and, in many cases, highly specialized or proprietary or third-party licensed technology to support our business functions, including among others:
•portfolio management,
•client service,
•accounting and internal financial reporting processes and controls,
•data security and integrity, and
all of our technology systems, including those provided by vendors, are vulnerable to disability or failures due to cyberattacks, natural disasters, power failures, acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, coding errors and other causes. a suspension or termination of vendor-provided software licenses or related support, upgrades, and maintenance could cause system delays or interruption. although we have robust business and disaster recovery plans, if our technology systems, including those provided by vendors, were to fail and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we would be unable to fulfill critical business functions, which could lead to a loss of clients and could harm our reputation. a technological breakdown or disruption in services from a vendor could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to disciplinary action and liability to our clients.
in addition, our continued success depends on our ability to effectively integrate operations across many systems and/or countries, and to adopt new or adapt existing technologies to meet client, industry, and regulatory demands. we might be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain competitive infrastructure. if we are unable to upgrade our infrastructure in a timely fashion, we might lose clients and fail to maintain regulatory compliance, which could affect our results of operations and severely damage our reputation.
a cyberattack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses.
we are dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities we maintain to protect our systems and data. an externally caused information security incident, such as a cyberattack, a phishing scam, virus, ransomware attack, denial-of-service attack, or an attack launched from within the company could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of confidential client or competitive information. in addition, our third-party vendors and other intermediaries with which we conduct business and transmit data could be subject to a successful cyberattack or other information security event, and we cannot ensure that such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of information in the custody of those third parties or to allow them to continue their business operations, including their services to us, in a timely manner.
there have been increasing numbers of publicized cybersecurity incidents in recent years impacting other financial services firms as well as firms in other industries. our use of third-party vendors and cloud technologies could heighten this risk. should the technology operations on which we rely be compromised, we may have to make significant investments to upgrade, repair or replace our technology infrastructure or third-party vendors and may not be able to make such investments on a timely basis. although we maintain insurance coverage that we believe is reasonable, prudent and adequate for the purpose of our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from breaches of security, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events.
we could be subject to losses if we fail to properly safeguard and maintain confidential information.
as part of our normal operations, we maintain and transmit confidential information about our clients, associates and other parties, as well as, proprietary information relating to our business operations. we maintain a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that both inadvertent errors and fraudulent activity, including misappropriation of assets, fraudulent financial reporting, and unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data, is either prevented or detected in a timely manner. we also leverage cloud-based solutions for the transmission and storage of this information. our systems, or those of third-party service providers we may use to maintain and transmit such information, could be victimized by unauthorized users or corrupted by computer viruses or other malicious software code. additionally, authorized persons could inadvertently or intentionally release or alter confidential or proprietary information. such disclosure could, among other things:
•allow competitors access to our proprietary business information,
•subject us to liability for a failure to safeguard data of clients, associates, and other parties,
•result in the termination of contracts by our existing clients,
•require significant capital and operating expenditures to investigate and remediate the breach.
furthermore, if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally overrides or circumvents our established controls with respect to confidential data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal and state laws and foreign laws and regulations governing the protection of personal or confidential data, such as the eu's general data protection regulation. governmental authorities throughout the u.s. and around the world have enacted or are considering similar types of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. additionally, the federal trade commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the collection, use, dissemination and security of data. each of these privacy, security, and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations, require changes to our business, or restrict our use or storage of personal information, which may increase our compliance expenses and make our business more costly or less efficient to conduct.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our 2021 revenues and net income are derived primarily from investment advisory services provided to individual and institutional investors in u.s. mutual funds, subadvised funds, separately managed accounts, collective investment trusts, and other t. rowe price products. the other t. rowe price products include: open-ended investment products offered to investors outside the u.s. and products offered through variable annuity life insurance plans in the u.s. we also provide certain investment advisory clients with related administrative services, including distribution, mutual fund transfer agent, accounting, and shareholder services; participant recordkeeping and transfer agent services for defined contribution retirement plans; brokerage; trust services; and non-discretionary advisory services through model delivery.
we manage a broad range of u.s., international and global stock, bond, and money market mutual funds and collective investment trusts and other investment products, which meet the varied needs and objectives of individual and institutional investors. investment advisory revenues depend largely on the total value and composition of assets under our management. accordingly, fluctuations in financial markets and in the composition of assets under management affect our revenues and results of operations. additionally, approximately 30% of our operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are impacted by changes in assets under management.
we incur significant expenditures to develop new products and services and improve and expand our capabilities and distribution channels in order to attract new investment advisory clients and additional investments from our existing clients. these efforts often involve costs that precede any future revenues that we may recognize from an increase to our assets under management.
the general trend to passive investing has been persistent and accelerated in recent years, which has negatively impacted our new client inflows. however, over the long term we expect well-executed active management to play an important role for investors. in this regard, we have ample liquidity and resources that allow us to take advantage of attractive growth opportunities. we are investing in key capabilities, including investment professionals, distribution professionals, technologies, and new product offerings; and, most importantly, we provide our clients with strong investment management expertise and service.
on december 29, 2021, we completed our acquisition of oak hill advisors, l.p., a leading alternative credit manager, and other entities that had common ownership (collectively, oha). we acquired 100% of the equity interests of oak hill advisors, l.p., 100% of the equity interests in entities that make co-investments in certain affiliated private investment funds (the "co-investment entities") and a majority of the equity interests in entities that have interests in general partners of affiliated private investment funds and are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of income (the "carried interest entities"). the acquisition of oha included $57 billion of capital under management, of which $47 billion of fee-basis assets under management was added to our assets under management as of the date of the acquisition. the acquisition accelerates our expansion into alternatives
investment markets and complements our existing global platform and ongoing strategic initiatives in our core investments and distribution capabilities. alternative credit strategies continue to be in demand from investors across the globe seeking attractive yields and risk-adjusted returns.
market trends.
even though the coronavirus pandemic continued, major u.s. stock indexes climbed in 2021, extending the brisk rebound that started in late-march 2020. equities advanced as the economy reopened and recovered-facilitated by the rollout of coronavirus vaccines and some federal fiscal relief-and as corporations reported robust earnings growth. elevated inflation stemming in part from shortages of some goods and materials amid global supply chain disruptions, the emergence of variants of the coronavirus, and the federal reserve's decision to taper its monthly asset purchases starting in november were among the factors that have weighed on the financial markets.
stocks in developed non-u.s. equity markets rose but lagged u.s. shares. european stock markets were broadly positive in u.s. dollar terms. several markets produced gains exceeding 20%. shares in spain and portugal trailed with gains of less than 2%. developed asian markets were mixed in dollar terms. hong kong stocks fell about 4% due in part to the chinese government's regulatory crackdown in certain sectors, as well as concerns about some highly indebted firms in the chinese property market. japanese shares gained about 2%.
stocks in emerging markets generally declined in u.s. dollar terms, as currency weakness versus the dollar reduced local returns to u.s. investors. in asia, stocks in taiwan and india surged almost 27%, but chinese shares fell nearly 22% amid the government's regulatory crackdown and concerns about the property market. latin american markets were also mixed, as several countries struggled with political uncertainty, currency weakness, and elevated inflation that prompted central banks to raise short-term interest rates. stocks in most emerging european markets appreciated, but turkish shares and the lira plunged as the central bank reduced short-term interest rates in the final months of the year despite elevated inflation.
returns of several major equity market indexes for 2021 are as follows:
msci emerging markets index                                       (2.2)%
(1) returns exclude dividends global bond returns were mostly negative amid rising bond market interest rates and, as the year progressed, growing expectations for major central banks to curtail their stimulus efforts. in the u.s., yields rose across the treasury yield curve-especially in the intermediate-term portion of the curve-amid expectations that the federal reserve's tapering of monthly asset purchases, which began in november, will be a prelude to tighter monetary policy sometime in 2022. the 10-year u.s. treasury note yield increased from 0.93% to 1.52% in 2021.
in the u.s. taxable investment-grade universe, treasury securities performed worst, while corporate, mortgage-backed, and commercial mortgage-backed securities fell to a lesser extent. asset-backed securities held up best, albeit with slight losses. tax-free municipal securities produced positive returns, as municipal yields rose less than comparable treasury yields. high yield bonds strongly outperformed for the year.
bonds in developed non-u.s. markets declined in u.s. dollar terms, as a stronger u.s. dollar versus the yen, the euro, and other currencies reduced local returns to u.s. investors. emerging markets bonds also declined, as bond yields increased and many emerging countries raised short-term interest rates in an attempt to stem inflation. local currency issues fared worse than dollar-denominated debt, as most emerging markets currencies declined against the dollar.
returns of several major bond market indexes for 2021 are as follows:
jpmorgan emerging markets bond index plus                                  (4.5)%
assets under management.
assets under management ended 2021 at $1,687.8 billion, an increase of $217.3 billion from the end of 2020. this increase was primarily driven by market appreciation and income, net of distributions not reinvested, of $198.9 billion. the acquisition of oha completed on december 29, 2021 included $57 billion of capital under management (which includes net assets value, portfolio value and/or unfunded capital), of which $46.9 million of fee-basis assets under management are included in the assets under management in the tables below. these increases were partially offset by net cash outflows of $28.5 billion for 2021. clients transferred $23.8 billion in net assets from the u.s. mutual funds primarily to collective investment trusts, of which $16.2 billion transferred into the retirement date trusts.
the following table details changes in our assets under management by vehicle during the last three years:
(in billions)                                                                     u.s. mutual funds                   subadvised and separate accounts                    collective investment trusts and other investment products            private investment funds and clos                               total assets under management at december 31, 2018                                         $564.5                                        $250.0                                                               $147.8                                  $-                                                         $962.3
net market depreciation, net of income                                                135.6                                          63.0                                                                 34.5                                  -                                                           233.1
change during the period                                                              118.2                                          63.8                                                                 62.5                                  -                                                           244.5
assets under management at december 31, 2019                                          682.7                                         313.8                                                                210.3                                  -                                                         1,206.8
net market appreciation and income                                                    140.0                                          76.3                                                                 43.7                                  -                                                           260.0
acquired assets under management                                                          -                                             -                                                                  1.2                                  -                                                             1.2
change during the period                                                              111.9                                          86.3                                                                 65.5                                  -                                                           263.7
assets under management at december 31, 2020                                          794.6                                         400.1                                                                275.8                                  -                                                         1,470.5
net market appreciation and income                                                    111.8                                          57.4                                                                 36.2                                  -                                                           205.4
change during the period                                                               76.8                                          26.1                                                                 67.5                                  -                                                           170.4
preacquisition assets under management at december 31, 2021                           871.4                                         426.2                                                                343.3                                  -                                                        $1,640.9
acquired fee-basis assets under management                                                -                                          10.9                                                                    -                         36.0                                                                  46.9
assets under management at december 31, 2021                                         $871.4                                        $437.1                                                               $343.3                                  $36.0                                                    $1,687.8
(1) in all three years, the majority of the client transfers were from the t. rowe price u.s. mutual funds to the t. rowe price collective investment trusts, which are included in collective investment trusts and other investment products.
the following table details changes in our assets under management by asset class during the last three years:
(in billions)                                                                         equity                     fixed income, including money market                   multi-asset(1)            alternatives(2)                               total assets under management at december 31, 2018                                     $539.9                                         $136.1                                   $286.3                   $-                                       $962.3
net market depreciation, net of income(3)                                         159.2                                            8.3                                     63.8                   -                                         231.3
change during the period                                                          159.0                                           11.8                                     73.7                   -                                         244.5
assets under management at december 31, 2019                                      698.9                                          147.9                                    360.0                   -                                       1,206.8
net market appreciation and income(3)                                             196.9                                            5.5                                     54.5                   -                                         256.9
acquired assets under management                                                      -                                            1.2                                        -                   -                                           1.2
change during the period                                                          196.9                                           20.8                                     46.0                   -                                         263.7
assets under management at december 31, 2020                                      895.8                                          168.7                                    406.0                   -                                       1,470.5
net market appreciation and income(3)                                             141.5                                             .6                                     56.8                   -                                         198.9
change during the period                                                           96.9                                            1.8                                     71.7                   -                                         170.4
preacquisition assets under management at december 31, 2021                       992.7                                          170.5                                    477.7                   -                                      $1,640.9
acquired fee-basis assets under management                                            -                                            5.2                                        -          41.7                                                46.9
assets under management at december 31, 2021                                     $992.7                                         $175.7                                   $477.7                   $41.7                                  $1,687.8
(1) the underlying assets under management of the multi-asset portfolios have been aggregated and presented in this category and not reported in the equity and fixed income columns.
(2) the alternatives asset class includes strategies authorized to invest more than 50% of its holdings in private credit, leveraged loans, mezzanine, real assets/cre, structured products, stressed / distressed, non-investment grade clos, special situations, or have absolute return as its investment objective. generally, only those strategies with longer than daily liquidity are included.
(2) reported net of distributions not reinvested.
investment advisory clients outside the u.s. account for 9.9% of our assets under management at december 31, 2021 and 9.3% at december 31, 2020. the percentage at december 31, 2021 reflects the assets under management from oha's clients outside the united states.
our net cash flows in 2021 reflect net outflows from domestic equity as well as domestic fixed income. these outflows also reflect the redemption of about $2.5 billion from our u.s. mutual fund investments to fund the cash portion of the oha acquisition. these outflows were partially offset by cash inflows in our multi-asset franchise and international fixed income. from a geography perspective, the americas and emea regions experienced net outflows predominantly in equity in both regions, while apac had positive net flows. net cash flows for 2020 reflect positive flows into fixed income and international equity, while experiencing net outflows in domestic equity and our multi-asset franchise resulting from macroeconomic headwinds and ongoing pressure from passive investments. net cash flows for 2019 were driven by diversified inflows across distribution channels and geographies, the strength of our multi-asset franchise, and positive flows into fixed income and international equity.
our target date retirement products, which are included in the multi-asset totals shown above, continue to be a significant part of our assets under management. assets under management in our target date retirement products as well as net cash inflows/(outflows), by vehicle, are as follows:
assets under management            net cash inflows/(outflows) for year ended
collective investment trusts            191.1                        145.4                        119.2        23.2                      5.4                                                 19.5
the firm also provides strategic investment advice solutions for certain portfolios. these advice solutions, which the vast majority is overseen by our multi-asset division, may include strategic asset allocation, and in certain portfolios, asset selection and/or tactical asset allocation overlays. the firm also offers advice solutions through retail separately managed accounts and separately managed accounts model delivery. as of december 31, 2021, total assets in these solutions were $488 billion, of which $480 billion are included in our reported assets under management in the tables above.
we provide participant accounting and plan administration for defined contribution retirement plans that invest in the firm's u.s. mutual funds, collective investment trusts and funds managed outside of the firm's complex. as of december 31, 2021, our assets under administration were $270 billion, of which nearly $163 billion are assets we manage.
investment performance(1).
strong investment performance and brand awareness is a key driver to attracting and retaining assets-and to our long-term success. the following table presents investment performance for the one-, three-, five-, and 10-years ended december 31, 2021. past performance is no guarantee of future results.
% of u.s. mutual funds that outperformed morningstar median(2),(3)
% of u.s. mutual funds that outperformed passive peer median(2),(4)
% of composites that outperformed benchmarks(5)
aum weighted performance
% of u.s. mutual funds aum that outperformed morningstar median(2),(3)
% of u.s. mutual funds aum that outperformed passive peer median(2),(4)
% of composites aum that outperformed benchmarks(5)
as of december 31, 2021, 72 of 123 (58.5%) of our rated u.s. mutual funds (across primary share classes) received an overall rating of 4 or 5 stars. by comparison, 32.5% of morningstar's fund population is given a rate of 4 or 5 stars(6). in addition, 71%(6) of aum in our rated u.s. mutual funds (across primary share classes) ended 2021 with an overall rating of 4 or 5 stars.
(1) the investment performance reflects that of t. rowe price sponsored mutual funds and composites aum and not of oha's products.
(2) source: © 2021 morningstar, inc. all rights reserved. the information contained herein: 1) is proprietary to morningstar and/or its content providers; 2) may not be copied or distributed; and 3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. neither morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
(3) source: morningstar. primary share class only. excludes money market mutual funds, funds with an operating history of less than one year, t. rowe price passive funds, and t. rowe price funds that are clones of other funds. the top chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price funds with 1 year, 3 year, 5 year, and 10 year track record that are outperforming the morningstar category median. the bottom chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price funds aum that has outperformed for the time periods indicated. total fund aum included for this analysis includes $521b for 1 year, $521b for 3 years, $520b for 5 years, and $511b for 10 years.
(4) passive peer median was created by t. rowe price using data from morningstar. primary share class only. excludes money market mutual funds, funds with an operating history of less than one year, funds with fewer than three peers, t. rowe price passive funds, and t. rowe price funds that are clones of other funds. this analysis compares t. rowe price active funds to the applicable universe of passive/index open-end funds and etfs of peer firms. the top chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price funds with 1 year, 3 year, 5 year, and 10 year track record that are outperforming the passive peer universe. the bottom chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price funds aum that has outperformed for the time periods indicated. total aum included for this analysis includes $499b for 1 year, $491b for 3 years, $489b for 5 years, and $424b for 10 years.
(5)composite net returns are calculated using the highest applicable separate account fee schedule. excludes money market composites. all composites compared to official gips composite primary benchmark. the top chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price composites with 1 year, 3 year, 5 year, and 10 year track record that are outperforming their benchmarks. the bottom chart reflects the percentage of t. rowe price composite aum that has outperformed for the time periods indicated. total aum included for this analysis includes $1,506b for 1 year, $1,504b for 3 years, $1,499b for 5 years, and $1,461b for 10 years.
(6) the morningstar ratingtm for funds is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. it is calculated based on a morningstar risk-adjusted return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%,10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars). the overall morningstar ratingtm is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3, 5, and 10 year (if applicable) morningstar ratingtm metrics.
results of operations.
the following table and discussion set forth information regarding our consolidated financial results for 2021, 2020 and 2019 on a u.s. gaap basis and a non-gaap basis. the non-gaap basis adjusts for the impact of our consolidated t. rowe price investment products, the impact of market movements on the supplemental savings plan liability and related economic hedges, investment income related to certain other investments, and certain nonrecurring charges and gains, including in 2021, transaction costs associated with the acquisition of oha.
we completed our acquisition of oha on december 29, 2021; however, our results of operations do not include any financial results of oha for 2021 as the oha activity between the closing date and december 31, 2021 was deemed to be immaterial. we currently expect acquisition-related intangibles amortization, fair value adjustments of contingent consideration, acquisition-related retention compensation expense, and other acquisition-related expenses to impact our operating results beginning in 2022.
(in millions, except per-share data)                                              2021                                  2020                         2019           $ change                      % change         $ change                      % change u.s. gaap basis investment advisory fees                                                $7,098.1                              $5,693.1                        $5,112.5         $1,405.0                          24.7    %      $580.6                          11.4    %
operating expenses                                                      $3,961.9                              $3,461.0                        $3,230.9           $500.9                          14.5    %      $230.1                           7.1    %
net operating income                                                    $3,710.0                              $2,745.7                        $2,387.0           $964.3                          35.1    %      $358.7                          15.0    %
non-operating income(1)                                                   $284.6                                $496.5                          $540.3         $(211.9)                                n/m     $(43.8)                                n/m net income attributable to                                              $3,082.9                              $2,372.7                        $2,131.3           $710.2                          29.9    %      $241.4                          11.3    %
operating expenses                                                      $3,840.3                              $3,342.7                        $3,149.8           $497.6                          14.9    %      $192.9                           6.1    %
assets under management (in billions)
average assets under management(3)                                      $1,599.3                              $1,247.9                        $1,109.3           $351.4                          28.2    %      $138.6                          12.5    %
ending assets under management                                          $1,687.8                              $1,470.5                        $1,206.8           $217.3                          14.8    %      $263.7                          21.9    %
(1) the percentage change in non-operating income is not meaningful (n/m).
(2) see the reconciliation to the comparable u.s. gaap measures at the end of the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis.
(3) average assets under management for 2021 does not include the impact of the acquired fee-basis assets under management related to the oha acquisition.
investment advisory revenues. investment advisory fees are earned based on the value and composition of our assets under management, which change based on fluctuations in financial markets and net cash flows. as our average assets under management increase or decrease in a given period, the level of our investment advisory fee revenue for that same period generally fluctuates in a similar manner. our annualized effective fee rates can be impacted by market or cash flow related shifts among asset and share classes, price changes in existing products, and asset level changes in products with tiered-fee structures.
investment advisory revenues earned in 2021 increased 24.7% over the comparable 2020 period as average assets under our management increased $351.4 billion, or 28.2%, to $1,599.3 billion. in 2021, we voluntarily waived $57.9 million, or less than 1%, of our investment advisory fees from certain of our money market mutual funds, trusts, and other investment portfolios in order to maintain a positive yield for investors. at december 31, 2021, combined net assets of the investment portfolios in which we waived fees in 2021 were $22.0 billion. we anticipate that the waivers in q1 2022 will be at a slightly lower level than q4 2021, and we expect to continue to waive fees through at least the first half of 2022.
the average annualized fee rate earned on our assets under management was 44.4 basis points in 2021, compared with 45.6 basis points earned in 2020. our effective fee rate has declined largely due to the july 2021 fee reductions in our target date products, client transfers within the complex to lower fee vehicles or share classes over
the last year, higher money market fee waivers, and lower performance-based fees. these were partially offset as higher market valuations led to an asset class shift towards equity strategies.
operating expenses. operating expenses were $3,961.9 million in 2021, an increase of 14.5% over the comparable 2020 period. on a non-gaap basis, operating expenses were $3,840.3 million, a 14.9% increase over the comparable 2020 period.
the increase in both gaap and non-gaap operating expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expenses, including higher annual bonuses, salaries and benefits, and stock-based compensation expenses as a result of continued investment in hiring for our business as well as higher distribution and servicing costs due to higher average assets under management. the 2021 period also reflects costs incurred from an expanded relationship with fis capital markets us llc ("fis"), which began providing technology development and core operations for our full-service recordkeeping offering in august 2021. these costs incurred from the fis arrangement were partially offset by a reduction in compensation expenses as a result of the approximately 800 associates who transitioned to fis in august 2021.
the firm currently estimates its 2022 non-gaap operating expenses, including a full-year of oha's operating expenses, will grow in the range of 12% to 16%. without consideration of oha's operating expenses, the firm's 2022 non-gaap operating expenses are expected to grow in the range of 4% to 8%. the firm could elect to adjust its expense growth should unforeseen circumstances arise, including significant market movements.
operating margin. our operating margin in 2021 was 48.4%, compared with 44.2% in 2020. the increase in our operating margin in 2021 compared with 2020 is primarily driven by revenue growth outpacing the increase in operating expenses.
diluted earnings per share. diluted earnings per share was $13.12 in 2021 as compared to $9.98 in 2020. on a non-gaap basis, diluted earnings per share was $12.75 in 2021 as compared to $9.58 for 2020. the increase in both gaap and non-gaap diluted earnings per share in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by higher operating income, lower weighted average outstanding shares, and a lower effective tax rate. these drivers of the increase were partially offset by lower net investment gains recognized in 2021 than in 2020. see our non-gaap reconciliations later in this management's discussion and analysis section.
future operating results impact of oha acquisition as part of the oha acquisition, certain assets and liabilities resulting from the purchase price allocation, along with certain retention-related arrangements, will impact our operating results in future periods. these include the amortization of certain intangibles, fair value adjustments of contingent consideration, amortization of any fair market value basis differences, and compensation expense of retention-related arrangements. the table below highlights the maximum future impact of these items on our consolidated income statement and expected future recognition period. see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for more information about these acquisition-related items.
item                                                                                                  maximum future impact to operating results                                 description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      recognition period
contingent consideration liability - earnout(1)                                                       up to $593.7                                                               fair market value remeasured each quarter over the performance period with any change recognized in general, administrative, and other expenses; portion considered to be compensatory will be recognized as compensation expense over the related service period.                     3 to 5 years definite-lived intangible assets(1)                                                                   $613.9                                                                     non-cash amortization of investment management agreement intangible assets.                                                                                                                                                                                                               6.1 years for 2022, amount to be recognized is expected to be $109 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                (weighted average)
investments in affiliated private investment funds - fair value in excess of carrying value(1)        $306.5                                                                     non-cash amortization to be recognized as a reduction in net revenues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    5.9 years for 2022, amount to be recognized is expected to be $53 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (weighted average)
non-controlling interest - fair value in excess of carrying value(1)                                  $(129.1)                                                                   non-cash amortization to be recognized as a reduction in compensation expense.                                                                                                                                                                                                            5.9 years for 2022, amount to be recognized is expected to be $23 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (weighted average)
value creation arrangement                                                                            variable - fair market value at december 31, 2021 was $30 million.         fair market value remeasured each quarter and recognized over the performance period as compensation expense.                                                                                                                                                                               5 years
(1) related operating results impact is anticipated to be a non-gaap adjustment beginning in 2022.
investment advisory revenues. in 2020, investment advisory revenues increased 11.4% over the comparable 2019 period as average assets under our management increased $138.6 billion, or 12.5%, to $1,247.9 billion.
the average annualized fee rate earned on our assets under management was 45.6 basis points in 2020, compared with 46.1 basis points earned in 2019. our effective fee rate declined largely due to client transfers within the complex to lower fee vehicles or share classes and the money market fee waivers. these declines were partially offset by performance-based fees earned in 2020.
operating expenses. for 2020, operating expenses were $3,461.0 million as compared with $3,230.9 million in the 2019 period. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to a $38.6 million increase in expense related to the supplemental savings plan from higher market returns, higher compensation expenses and our continued strategic investments.
in 2020, our non-gaap operating expenses increased 6.1% to $3,342.7 million compared with 2019. see our non-gaap reconciliations later in this management's discussion and analysis section.
operating margin. our operating margin in 2020 was 44.2%, compared with 42.5% in 2019. the increase in our operating margin in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily driven by the higher net revenues, partially offset by higher compensation-related expenses.
diluted earnings per share. diluted earnings per share was $9.98 in 2020 as compared with $8.70 in 2019. the 14.7% increase in diluted earnings per share in 2020 compared to 2019 as primarily driven by higher operating income, lower weighted average outstanding shares, and a lower effective tax rate. these drivers of the increase were partially offset by lower net investment gains recognized in 2020 than in 2019.
on a non-gaap basis, diluted earnings per share were $9.58 in 2020 as compared with $8.07 in 2019. the increase in non-gaap diluted earnings per share was primarily due to higher operating income, lower weighted average outstanding shares, and a lower effective tax rate. the impact of these drivers were partially offset by lower net investment gains recognized in 2020 than in 2019. see our non-gaap reconciliations later in this management's discussion and analysis section.
(in millions)                                                                                                       2021                         2020                         2019                       $ change                      % change                     $ change                      % change investment advisory fees u.s. mutual funds                                                                                           $4,388.9                      $3,639.9                     $3,452.5                       $749.0                          20.6    %                  $187.4                           5.4    %
subadvised funds, separate accounts, collective investment trusts, and other investment products             2,709.2                       2,053.2                      1,660.0                        656.0                          32.0    %                   393.2                          23.7    %
investment advisory fees. the relationship between the change in average assets under management and the change in investment advisory fee revenue for 2021, 2020 and 2019 are presented below.
increase in average assets under management                        increase in investment advisory fees                 increase in average assets under management                        increase in investment advisory fees u.s. mutual funds                                                                                                                   24.6                %                                         20.6              %                                        7.4                %                                          5.4              %
subadvised funds, separate accounts, collective investment trusts, and other investment products                                    32.6                %                                         32.0              %                                       19.5                %                                         23.7              %
in general, strong market returns in 2021 shifted the asset and share class mix among different fee rates and products including those with tiered-fee structures. additionally, we have reduced the management fees of certain products over the last few years, including fee reductions in our target date products in july 2021.
in 2021, the relationship between u.s. mutual funds' average assets under management and investment advisory fee growth was impacted by the july 2021 fee reductions in our target date products and increased money market fees waivers.
for the subadvised funds, separate accounts, collective investment trusts, and other investment products, the july 2021 target date products fee reductions and lower performance fees reduced our effective fee rate, but was partially offset by a mix shift towards equities and inflows into our international products. these investment advisory revenues include fees earned for distribution-related services that we contract third-party intermediaries to provide. the costs we incur to pay the third-party intermediaries are recorded as part of distribution and servicing expenses.
in 2020, in general, strong market returns shifted the asset and share class mix among different fee rates and products including those with tiered-fee structures. additionally, we have reduced the management fees of certain products over the last few years. the relationship between average assets under management and investment
advisory fee growth was also impacted by the money market fees waivers and client transfers within the complex to lower fee vehicles or share classes.
administrative, distribution, and servicing fees. administrative, distribution, and servicing fees in 2021 were $573.8 million, an increase of $60.2 million from 2020. the higher fees were primarily due to increased transfer agent servicing activities provided to our u.s. mutual funds, higher model delivery revenue, as well as higher 12b-1 revenue earned on the advisor and r share classes of the u.s. mutual funds as a result of increased assets under management in these share classes. the increase in 12b-1 revenue is offset entirely by costs paid to third-party intermediaries that source these assets and is reported in distribution and servicing expense.
for 2020, administrative, distribution, and servicing fees were $513.6 million, an increase of $8.2 million from 2019. the higher fees were primarily due to increased transfer agent servicing activities provided to our u.s. mutual funds. this increase was partially offset by lower 12b-1 revenue earned on the advisor and r classes of the u.s. mutual funds as well as client transfers to lower fee vehicles and share classes have reduced assets under management in these share classes.
net revenues are presented after the elimination of $5.5 million for 2021, $9.9 million for 2020, and $6.8 million for 2019, earned from our consolidated t. rowe price investment products. the corresponding expenses recognized by these consolidated products were also eliminated from operating expenses.
operating expenses
(in millions)                                                                         2021                         2020                         2019                     $ change                        % change                     $ change                        % change compensation and related costs, excluding supplemental savings plan           $2,300.0                      $2,070.6                     $1,896.0                     $229.4                            11.1    %                  $174.6                             9.2    %
total operating expenses                                                      $3,961.9                      $3,461.0                     $3,230.9                     $500.9                            14.5    %                  $230.1                             7.1    %
compensation and related costs, excluding supplemental savings plan. compensation and related costs, excluding the supplemental savings plan, increased $229.4 million, or 11.1%, for 2021 as compared with 2020. this increase was primarily due to our strong operating results which led to an $107.6 million increase in our annual bonus compensation and $28.4 million in higher stock-based compensation expense. also contributing to the increase in costs was a $88.5 million increase in salaries, benefits and related employee costs due to modest increases in base salaries at the beginning of the year as well as an increase in our average headcount, excluding the transition of 800 t. rowe price operations and technology associates to fis on august 1, 2021 and the addition of oha associate at the end of the year. these increases in compensation and related costs were offset in part by $11.7 million in higher labor capitalization related to internally developed software in 2021.
for 2020, compensation and related costs, excluding the supplemental savings plan, increased $174.6 million, or 9.2%, as compared with 2019. this increase was primarily due to an $83.0 million increase in salaries, benefits and related employee costs, as our average staff size increased 5.8% from prior year and we made modest increases to base salaries at the beginning of the year. strong 2020 operating results led to a $65.5 million increase in our annual variable compensation, primarily bonus compensation, and higher stock-based compensation expense. these increases in compensation and related costs were partially offset by $30.4 million in higher labor capitalization related to internally developed software in 2020.
distribution and servicing costs. distribution and servicing costs were $373.9 million for 2021, an increase of $95.4 million, or 34.3%, compared to 2020. the increase was primarily driven by higher aum-based distribution costs as a result of continued market appreciation and inflows into our international products, including our japanese itms and sicavs. higher costs incurred to distribute certain other products through u.s. financial intermediaries also contributed to the increase.
distribution and servicing costs were $278.5 million for 2020, an increase of $16.0 million, or 6.1%, compared with 2019. the increase was primarily driven by higher distribution costs as a result of continued inflows into our international products, including our japanese itms and sicavs. these higher distribution costs were partially offset by client transfers, largely from advisor and r classes, to vehicles that don't pay distribution and servicing costs.
distribution and servicing costs paid to third-party intermediaries that source the assets of certain share classes of our u.s. mutual funds and our international products, such as our japanese itms and sicavs, are recognized in this expense. both of these costs are offset entirely by the revenue we earn and report in net revenues: 12b-1 revenue recognized in administrative, distribution, and servicing fees for the u.s. mutual funds and investment advisory fee revenue for our international products.
advertising and promotion. advertising and promotion costs were $100.2 million for 2021, an increase of $16.5 million, or 19.7%, compared with 2020. the increase was primarily driven by increased media spend during 2021.
for 2020, advertising and promotion costs were $83.7 million, a decrease of $13.1 million, or 13.5%, compared with 2019. the decrease was primarily driven by lower media costs and fewer conference and promotional events in 2020 as a result of cancellations arising from the coronavirus pandemic in 2020.
product and recordkeeping related costs. product and recordkeeping related costs were $236.3 million for 2021, an increase of $80.8 million, or 52.0%, compared with 2020. more than 85% of the increase in 2021 was driven by the recordkeeping costs incurred as part of our expanded fis relationship, including certain transition expenses that will not recur in 2022. while these transition expenses will not recur, we do expect to incur certain technology-related costs as part of this expanded relationship with fis over the next few years. these will be reported as technology, occupancy, and facility costs.
product and recordkeeping related costs were $155.5 million for 2020, an increase of $2.3 million, or 1.5%, compared with 2019. the increase is primarily due to higher expenses related to servicing retirement plan products, partially offset by lower costs incurred to provide administrative services to the u.s. mutual funds.
technology, occupancy, and facility costs. technology, occupancy, and facility costs were $484.9 million for 2021, $444.8 million for 2020, and $427.3 million for 2019. the increases over the last two years were due primarily to ongoing investment in our technology capabilities, including hosting solution licenses and related depreciation. the 2019 year included certain non-recurring office facility costs.
general, administrative, and other costs. general, administrative, and other costs were $383.6 million for 2021, $316.1 million for 2020, and $321.9 million for 2019. nearly 50% of the increase in 2021 was related to the transaction costs incurred to complete the acquisition of oha. higher information services, legal, and third-party research costs contributed to the remaining increase in 2021 compared with 2020. travel-related expenses in 2021 were lower than 2020, and both 2021 and 2020 expenses were lower than travel-related expenses in 2019 due to the impact of the coronavirus pandemic.
for 2020, higher third-party investment research costs, professional fees, and other administrative related costs in 2020 were more than offset by lower travel-related expenses.
non-operating income net non-operating investment income decreased $211.9 million in 2021 compared with 2020 and decreased $43.8 million in 2020 compared with 2019. net non-operating investment activity for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 comprised the following:
(in millions)                                                                             2021                       2020                       2019                               $ change                               $ change net gains (losses) from non-consolidated t. rowe price investment products cash and discretionary investments dividend income                                                                      $34.7                       $25.2                      $67.6                            $9.5                                $(42.4)
market related gains (losses) and equity in earnings (losses)                        (6.0)                        67.5                       58.4                          (73.5)                                    9.1
seed capital investments dividend income                                                                         .9                         2.2                        2.3                           (1.3)                                   (.1)
market related gains and equity in earnings                                           41.6                        32.2                       42.7                             9.4                                 (10.5)
non-operating income                                                                $284.6                      $496.5                     $540.3                        $(211.9)                                $(43.8)
our investment portfolio for 2021 generated lower market gains than our investment portfolio in 2020. our consolidated investment products and supplemental savings plan hedge portfolio comprised approximately 55% of the net gains recognized in 2021. our cash and discretionary investments generated income of $28.7 million in 2021 as compared to $92.7 million in 2020.
during the first quarter of 2020, the coronavirus pandemic caused global economies and market disruptions, but strong markets for the remainder of 2020 reversed net investment losses experienced in the first quarter and generated significant gains by the end of 2020. our consolidated investment products and supplemental savings plan hedge portfolio comprised almost 70% of the net gains recognized in 2020. our cash and discretionary investments generated income of $92.7 million in 2020 as compared to $126.0 million in 2019 as the very low interest environment reduced the dividends earned from our money market fund investments.
the impact of consolidating certain t. rowe price investment products on the individual lines of our consolidated statements of income for 2021, 2020, and 2019 is as follows:
(in millions)                                                                                                     2021                       2020                       2019   $ change                                                                  $ change operating expenses reflected in net operating income                                                       $(12.2)                     $(16.4)                    $(14.7)      $4.2                                                                   $(1.7)
net investment income reflected in non-operating income                                                       74.7                       251.7                      272.9      (177.0)                                                                (21.2)
impact on income before taxes                                                                                $62.5                      $235.3                     $258.2      $(172.8)                                                              $(22.9)
impact on income before taxes                                                                                $62.5                      $235.3                     $258.2      $(172.8)                                                              $(22.9)
state income taxes for current year, net of federal income tax benefits(1)           3.7                    3.8                    4.3
net excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation plans activity               (2.1)                  (1.9)                  (1.5)
(1) state income tax benefits are reflected in the total benefits for net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests and stock-based compensation plans activity.
(2)    net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests represents the portion of earnings held in the firm's consolidated investment products, which are not taxable to the firm despite being included in pre-tax income.
our effective tax rate for 2021 was 22.4%, compared with 22.2% for 2020 and 23.2% for 2019. the increase in our effective tax rate in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to a lower net gains attributable to non-controlling interests. we continue to see benefit from the phased-in implementation of the 2018 maryland state tax legislation and higher discrete tax benefits associated with the settlement of stock-based awards given the rise in our stock price in 2021.
for 2020, the decrease in our effective tax rate from 2019 was primarily due to the phased-in benefit of the 2018 maryland state tax legislation has had on our effective state tax rate and higher discrete tax benefits associated with the settlement of stock-based awards given the rise in our stock price in 2020.
we have realized a net benefit from the maryland legislation, which adopted a five-year phase-in of the single sales factor method of apportionment for calculating income tax for multi-state companies doing business in maryland, and, in the final year of the phase in, we expect our 2022 effective state tax rate will be reduced to less than 3%.
our effective tax rate will continue to experience volatility in future periods as the tax benefits recognized from stock-based compensation are impacted by market fluctuations in our stock price and timing of option exercises. the rate will also be impacted by changes in the proportion of net income that is attributable to our redeemable non-controlling interests and non-controlling interests reflected in permanent equity.
the non-gaap tax rate primarily adjusts for the impact of the consolidated investment products, including the net income attributable to the redeemable non-controlling interests. our non-gaap effective tax rates for 2021, 2020 and 2019 were 22.5%, 23.3%, 24.0%, respectively.
we currently estimate our gaap effective tax rate for the full-year 2022 will be in the range of 22% to 25% and our non-gaap effective tax rate for the full-year 2022 will be in the range of 23% to 25%.
non-gaap information and reconciliation.
we believe the non-gaap financial measures below provide relevant and meaningful information to investors about our core operating results. these measures have been established in order to increase transparency for the purpose of evaluating our core business, for comparing current results with prior period results, and to enable more appropriate comparison with industry peers. however, non-gaap financial measures should not be considered a substitute for financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap and may be calculated differently by other companies.
the following schedules reconcile certain u.s. gaap financial measures for each of the last five years.
(in millions)                                         operating expenses                net operating income                non-operating income                  provision (benefit) for income taxes(5)                 net income attributable to t. rowe price group            diluted earnings per share(6)
non-gaap adjustments:
other non-operating income(4)                                 -                                   -                              (98.2)                                            (22.2)                                                       (76.0)                              (.32)
(in millions)                                      operating expenses                   net operating income                non-operating income                  provision (benefit) for income taxes(5)                 net income attributable to t. rowe price group            diluted earnings per share(6)
non-gaap adjustments:
other non-operating income(4)                              -                                      -                              (61.0)                                            (16.8)                                                       (44.3)                              (.19)
(in millions)                                      operating expenses                net operating income                non-operating income                  provision (benefit) for income taxes(5)                 net income attributable to t. rowe price group            diluted earnings per share(6)
non-gaap adjustments:
other non-operating income(4)                              -                                   -                              (73.5)                                            (18.7)                                                       (54.8)                              (.23)
(1)    these non-gaap adjustments remove the impact that the consolidated t. rowe price investment products have on our u.s. gaap consolidated statements of income. specifically, we add back the operating expenses and subtract the investment income of the consolidated t. rowe price investment products. the adjustment to our operating expenses represents the operating expenses of the consolidated products, net of the elimination of related management and administrative fees. the adjustment to net income attributable to t. rowe price group represents the net income of the consolidated products, net of redeemable non-controlling interests. we remove the impact of the consolidated t. rowe price investment products as we believe they impact the reader's ability to understand our core operating results.
(2)    these non-gaap adjustments remove the compensation expense resulting from market valuation changes in the supplemental savings plan liability and the related net gains (losses) on investments designated as an economic hedge against the related liability. amounts deferred under the supplemental savings plan are adjusted for appreciation (depreciation) of hypothetical investments chosen by participants. we use t. rowe price investment products to economically hedge the exposure to these market movements. we believe it is useful to offset the non-operating investment income (loss) realized on the hedges against the related compensation expense and remove the net impact to help the reader's ability to understand our core operating results and to increase comparability period to period.
(3)    this non-gaap adjustment removes the transaction costs incurred related to the acquisition of oha. management believes adjusting for these charges helps the reader's ability to understand the firm's core operating results and to increase comparability period to period.
(4)    this non-gaap adjustment represents the other non-operating income (loss) and the net gains (losses) earned on our non-consolidated investment portfolio that are not designated as economic hedges of the supplemental savings plan liability, and non-consolidated seed investments and other investments that are not part of the cash and discretionary investment portfolio. we retain the investment gains recognized on our non-consolidated cash and discretionary investments as these assets and related income (loss) are considered part of our core operations. we believe adjusting for these non-operating income (loss) items helps the reader's ability to understand our core operating results and increases comparability to prior years. additionally, we do not emphasize the impact of the portion of non-operating income (loss) removed when managing and evaluating our core performance.
(5)    the income tax impacts were calculated in order to achieve an overall non-gaap effective tax rate of 22.5% for 2021, 23.3% for 2020 and 24.0% for 2019. we estimate that our effective tax rate for the full-year 2022 on a non-gaap basis will be in the range of 23% to 25%.
(6)    this non-gaap measure was calculated by applying the two-class method to adjusted net income attributable to t. rowe price group divided by the weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution. the calculation of net income allocated to common stockholders is as follows:
capital resources and liquidity.
sources of liquidity we have ample liquidity, including cash and investments in t. rowe price products as follows:
redeemable seed capital investments                                         1,300.1                         1,219.1
our discretionary investment portfolio is comprised primarily of short duration bond funds, which typically yield higher than money market rates, and asset allocation products. of these cash and discretionary investments, $764.2 million at december 31, 2021, and $675.8 million at december 31, 2020 were held by our subsidiaries located outside the u.s. cash and discretionary investment portfolio returned gains of $28.7 million in 2021 as compared to $92.7 million in 2020. given the availability of our financial resources and cash expected to be generated through future operations, we do not maintain an available external source of additional liquidity.
our seed capital investments are redeemable, although we generally expect to be invested for several years for the products to build an investment performance history and until unrelated third-party investors substantially reduce our relative ownership percentage.
the cash and investment presentation on the consolidated balance sheet is based on how we account for the cash or investment. the following table details how our investments, including those acquired as part of the oha acquisition, relate to where they are presented in the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021.
(in millions)                                                                             cash and cash equivalents                          investments                     net assets of consolidated t. rowe price investment products(1)                         total cash and discretionary investments                                                        $1,523.1                                          $518.6                                                             $35.5                                          $2,077.2
seed capital investments                                                                  -                                                  406.6                                                             893.5                                           1,300.1
(1) the consolidated t. rowe price investment products are generally those products we provided seed capital at the time of their formation and we have a controlling interest. these products generally represent u.s. mutual funds as well as those funds regulated outside the u.s. the $35.5 million and the $893.5 million represent the total value at december 31, 2021 of our interest in the consolidated t. rowe price investment products. the total net assets of consolidated t. rowe price investment products at december 31, 2021 of $1,911.3 million includes assets of $1,962.8 million less liabilities of $51.4 million as reflected in the consolidated balance sheet in item 8. financial statements of this form 10-k.
(2) amounts relate to investments acquired as part of the oha acquisition. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
our consolidated balance sheet reflects the cash and cash equivalents, investments, other assets and liabilities of those t. rowe price investment products we consolidate, as well as redeemable non-controlling interests for the
portion of these t. rowe price investment products that are held by unrelated third-party investors. although we can redeem our net interest in these t. rowe price investment products at any time, we cannot directly access or sell the assets held by the products to obtain cash for general operations. additionally, the assets of these t. rowe price investment products are not available to our general creditors. our interest in these t. rowe price investment products was used as initial seed capital and is recategorized as discretionary when it is determined by management that the seed capital is no longer needed. we assess the discretionary products and, when we decide to liquidate our interest, we seek to do so in a way as to not impact the product and, ultimately, the unrelated third-party investors.
in october 2020, uti asset management company limited (india), one of our equity method investments, held an initial public offering in india. as part of the offering, we sold a portion of our 26% interest and received net proceeds of approximately $28.0 million and recorded a net gain on the sale of approximately $2.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. subsequent to the sale, we have an ownership interest of 23% of uti asset management company (india).
uses of liquidity on december 29, 2021, we paid approximately $2.5 billion in cash and issued $881.5 million of t. rowe price group, inc. common shares, approximately 4.4 million shares, to complete the acquisition of oha.
we paid $4.32 per share in regular dividends in 2021, an increase of 20.0% over the $3.60 per share paid in 2020. additionally, our board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $3.00 per share, or $699.8 million, on june 14, 2021, that was paid on july 7, 2021. further, we expended $1,136.0 million in 2021 to repurchase 5.9 million shares, or 2.6%, of our outstanding common stock at an average price of $191.20 per share. these dividends and repurchases were expended using existing cash balances and cash generated from operations. we will generally repurchase our common stock over time to offset the dilution created by our equity-based compensation plans.
since the end of 2018, we have returned $6.3 billion to stockholders through stock repurchases, our regular quarterly dividends, and a special dividend of $3.00 per share in 2021, as follows:
we anticipate property and equipment expenditures for the full-year 2022 to be about $295 million, of which more than three-quarters is planned for technology initiatives. we expect to fund our anticipated capital expenditures with operating cash flows and other available resources.
(in millions)                                                                                                             t. rowe price group                       consolidated t. rowe price investment products                    elims                     as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                  $3,082.9                                                       $62.5                                $(46.9)                      $3,098.5
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property, equipment and software                                                 204.8                                                           -                                      -                         204.8
net change in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability                (85.7)                                                           -                                      -                        (85.7)
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                                                                                     14.9                                      -                          14.9
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                        121.1                                                      (51.9)                                  (1.8)                          67.4
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                          3,428.3                                                        25.5                                  (1.8)                       3,452.0
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                     -                                                         2.6                                      -                           2.6
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                        (628.6)                                                       (3.7)                                      -                       (632.3)
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                               2,151.7                                                       104.8                                      -                       2,256.5
cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                                                  $1,523.1                                                      $101.1                                     $-                      $1,624.2
(in millions)                                                                                                             t. rowe price group                       consolidated t. rowe price investment products                    elims                     as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                  $2,372.7                                                      $235.3                                $(84.7)                      $2,523.3
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property, equipment and software                                                 189.6                                                           -                                                                189.6
net change in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability               (142.9)                                                           -                                                              (142.9)
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                                                                                  (798.8)                                                              (798.8)
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                         87.7                                                         6.8                                  (3.4)                          91.1
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                          2,479.0                                                     (556.7)                                  (3.4)                       1,918.9
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                     -                                                         1.9                                      -                           1.9
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                          369.9                                                        28.3                                      -                         398.2
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                               1,781.8                                                        76.5                                      -                       1,858.3
cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                                                  $2,151.7                                                      $104.8                                     $-                      $2,256.5
(in millions)                                                                                                             t. rowe price group                       consolidated t. rowe price investment products                         elims                     as reported cash flows from operating activities net income                                                                                                                  $2,131.3                                                      $258.2                                    $(140.6)                      $2,248.9
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities depreciation, amortization and impairments of property, equipment and software                                                 190.8                                                           -                                           -                         190.8
net change in t. rowe price investment products used to economically hedge supplemental savings plan liability               (126.0)                                                                                                                               (126.0)
net change in trading securities held by consolidated t. rowe price investment products                                            -                                                     (930.9)                                           -                       (930.9)
other changes in assets and liabilities                                                                                        116.5                                                         1.9                                       (8.8)                         109.6
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                          2,202.3                                                     (670.8)                                       (8.8)                       1,522.7
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of consolidated t. rowe price investment products                     -                                                       (2.5)                                           -                         (2.5)
net change in cash and cash equivalents during period                                                                          356.6                                                         6.4                                           -                         363.0
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                               1,425.2                                                        70.1                                           -                       1,495.3
cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                                                  $1,781.8                                                       $76.5                                          $-                      $1,858.3
operating activities operating activities attributable to t. rowe price group during 2021 provided cash flows of $3,428.3 million as compared to $2,479.0 million during 2020. operating cash flows attributable to t. rowe price group increased $949.3 million, including a $710.2 million increase in net income, timing differences on the cash settlement of our assets and liabilities of $33.4 million, and $148.5 million of higher non-cash adjustments, including unrealized investment gains/losses, depreciation, and stock-based compensation expense. the non-cash adjustments were primarily driven by a $104.9 million decrease in net investment gains in 2021 compared to 2020. additionally, in 2021, we had net investments of $85.7 million from certain investment products that economically hedge our supplemental savings plan liability, while we had net investments of $142.9 million in 2020. the remaining change in reported cash flows from operating activities was attributable to the net change in trading securities held in our consolidated investment products' underlying portfolios.
operating activities attributable to t. rowe price group during 2020 provided cash flows of $2,479.0 million as compared to $2,202.3 million during 2019. operating cash flows attributable to t. rowe price group increased $276.7 million, including a $241.4 million in increased net income and a $81.0 million incremental add-back from higher non-cash adjustments, including unrealized investment gains/losses, depreciation, and stock-based compensation expense. additionally, in 2020, we invested $142.9 million in certain investment products to economically hedge our supplemental savings plan liability. this level of investment is slightly higher than the $126.0 million invested in 2019. these increases were partially offset by the timing differences on the cash settlement of our assets and liabilities which lowered operating cash flows by $28.8 million. the change in the non-cash adjustments from 2019 were driven primarily by a $42.6 million decrease in net investment gains and a $39.6 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. the remaining change in reported cash flows from operating activities was attributable to the net change in trading securities held in our consolidated investment products' underlying portfolios.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities that are attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $1,134.9 million in 2021 compared with $65.3 million of cash used in investing activities in 2020. during 2021, we used $2,450.8 million as part of the consideration paid to complete the acquisition of oha. in addition, we increased our property and equipment expenditures by $24.5 million and increased the level of seed capital provided by $29.3 million. we eliminate our seed capital in those t. rowe price investment products we consolidate in preparing our consolidated statements of cash flows. decreasing the cash used in investing activities were higher net proceeds from the sale of
certain discretionary investments of $1,578.3 million during 2021 compared to net proceeds of $181.7 million during 2020. the remaining change in reported cash flows from investing activities of $37.0 million is primarily related to the net cash removed from our balance sheet from consolidating and deconsolidating investment products.
net cash used in investing activities that are attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $65.3 million in 2020, a decrease of $424.0 million compared to 2019. during 2020, we received net proceeds from the sale of certain discretionary investments of $181.7 million compared to net dispositions of $108.3 million during 2019. in addition, we increased our property and equipment expenditures by $10.0 million and increased the level of seed capital provided by $100.3 million. we eliminate our seed capital in those t. rowe price investment products we consolidate in preparing our consolidated statements of cash flows. the $35.5 million change in reported cash flows from investing activities is related to the net cash removed from our balance sheet from consolidating and deconsolidating investment products.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities attributable to t. rowe price group were $2,922.0 million in 2021 compared with $2,043.8 million in 2020. during 2021, there was a $856.1 million increase in dividends paid in 2021 as a result of an 20.0% increase in our quarterly dividend per share and a special cash dividend paid in july 2021. during 2021 we used $1.1 billion to repurchase 5.9 million shares compared to $1.2 billion to repurchase 10.9 million shares in 2020. the remaining change in reported cash flows from financing activities is primarily attributable to a $624.3 million decrease in net subscriptions received from redeemable non-controlling interest holders of our consolidated investment products and a $85.5 million decrease in cash flow related to common stock issued under stock compensation plans during 2021 compared to 2020.
net cash used in financing activities attributable to t. rowe price group totaled $2,043.8 million in 2020, an increase of $687.4 million compared with $1,356.4 million in 2019. during 2020, there was a $496.1 million increase in cash paid for common stock repurchases as we repurchased 3.9 million more shares of common stock in 2020 than in 2019. additionally, there was a $111.9 million increase in dividends paid in 2020 as a result of an 18.4% increase in our quarterly dividend per share. the remaining change in reported cash flows from financing activities is primarily attributable to a $79.4 million decrease in cash flow related to common stock issued under stock compensation plans and a $33.8 million decrease in net subscriptions received from redeemable non-controlling interest holders of our consolidated investment products during 2020 compared to 2019.
our material cash commitments primarily include our obligations under the supplemental savings plan, our lease obligations, and other contractual amounts that will be due for the purchase of goods or services to be used in our operations. some of these contractual amounts may be cancelable under certain conditions and may involve termination fees. we expect to fund these cash commitments from future cash flows from operations.
our obligations under the supplemental savings plan are disclosed on our consolidated balance sheet with more information included in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. our lease obligations are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, there are unrecognized tax benefits discussed in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
while most of our other material cash commitments consist of goods and services used in our operations, these commitments primarily consist of obligations related to long-term software licensing and maintenance contracts.
we also have outstanding commitments to fund additional contributions to investment partnerships totaling $8.0 million. the vast majority of these additional contributions will be made to investment partnerships in which we have an existing investment. in addition to such amounts, a percentage of prior distributions may be called under certain circumstances.
as part of the oha acquisition, t. rowe price has committed $500 million to fund oha products over the next five years and entered into certain earnout and other arrangements that we discuss in more detail in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
the preparation of financial statements often requires the selection of specific accounting methods and policies from among several acceptable alternatives. further, significant estimates and judgments may be required in selecting and applying those methods and policies in the recognition of the assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, the revenues and expenses in our consolidated statements of income, and the information that is contained in our significant accounting policies and notes to the consolidated financial statements. making these estimates and judgments requires the analysis of information concerning events that may not yet be complete and of facts and circumstances that may change over time. accordingly, actual amounts or future results can differ materially from those estimates that we include currently in our consolidated financial statements, significant accounting policies, and notes.
we present those significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements as an integral part of those statements within this 2021 annual report on form 10-k. in the following discussion, we highlight and explain further certain of those policies that are most critical to the preparation and understanding of our financial statements.
consolidation we consolidate all subsidiaries and sponsored investment products in which we have a controlling interest. we are deemed to have a controlling interest when we own the majority of the voting interest of an entity or are deemed to be the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity ("vie"). vies are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance its activities or the equity holders do not have defined power to direct the activities of the entity normally associated with an equity investment. our analysis to determine whether an entity is a vie or a voting interest entity ("voe") involves judgment and considers several factors, including an entity's legal organization, capital structure, the rights of the equity investment holders, our ownership interest in the entity, and our contractual involvement with the entity. we continually review and reconsider our vie or voe conclusions upon the occurrence of certain events, such as changes to our ownership interest, changes to an entity's legal structure, or amendments to governing documents. our vies are primarily sponsored investment products and our variable interest consists of our equity ownership in and investment management fees earned from these entities.
we are the primary beneficiary if we have the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact its economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant. our sicav funds and other t. rowe price investment products regulated outside the u.s. are determined to be vies. in addition, in connection with the oha acquisition, we acquired certain carried interest entities, which are considered vies. these carried interest entities hold interests in general partners of affiliated private investment funds that are also vies; however, the carried interest entities are not the primary beneficiaries to these investment funds. at december 31, 2021, we consolidated vies with net assets of $2.1 billion.
other-than-temporary impairments of equity method investments we evaluate our equity method investments, including our investment in uti and certain investments in t. rowe price investment products, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment exceeds its fair value, and the decline in fair value is other than temporary.
business combinations we account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting, whereby we recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including separately identified intangible assets, contingent liabilities, and non-controlling interests, based on the fair value estimates as of the date of the acquisition. any excess purchase consideration over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. the accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets and the fair value of contingent payment obligations. during the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in earnings. as a result, if the subsequent actual results and updated projections of the underlying business activity change compared with the assumptions and projections used to develop these values, we could experience impairment charges which could be material.
intangible assets acquired in business combinations consist primarily of investment advisory agreements and trade names. we also acquired certain carried interest entities that primarily hold interests in general partners of affiliated private investment funds with capital allocation-based income arrangements. the fair values of the acquired advisory agreements and the investments with the capital allocation-based income arrangements are based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the agreements, which include significant assumptions about revenue growth rate, discount rate and effective tax rate. our estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, but are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, may differ from actual results. in addition, we have estimated the economic lives of certain acquired assets and these lives are used to calculate amortization expense. if our estimates of the economic lives change, amortization expense could be accelerated or decelerated.
we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we generally determine the fair value of the contingent consideration using the monte carlo simulation methodology of valuation. each reporting period thereafter, we revalue these obligations and record increases or decreases in their fair value as an adjustment to operating expenses within the consolidated statements of income. changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration can result from changes in assumed discount periods and rates, and from changes pertaining to the achievement of the defined financial targets. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions as of the acquisition date and for each subsequent period. accordingly, future business and economic conditions, as well as changes in any of the assumptions described above, can materially impact the amount of contingent consideration expense we record in any given period.
goodwill we internally conduct, manage, and report our operations as one reportable business segment - investment advisory business. we do not have distinct operating segments or components that separately constitute a business. accordingly, we attribute goodwill to a single reportable business segment and reporting unit - our investment advisory business. with the completion of the acquisition of oha in december 2021, we are currently evaluating the impact that oha will have on our business reporting and goodwill impairment analysis.
we evaluate the carrying amount of goodwill in our consolidated balance sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis in the third quarter of each year using a fair value approach. goodwill would be considered impaired whenever our historical carrying amount exceeds the fair value of our investment advisory business. our annual testing has demonstrated that the fair value of our investment advisory business (our market capitalization) exceeds our carrying amount (our stockholders' equity) and, therefore, no impairment exists. should we reach a different conclusion in the future, additional work would be performed to ascertain the amount of the noncash impairment charge to be recognized. we must also perform impairment testing at other times if an event or circumstance occurs indicating that it is more likely than not that an impairment has been incurred. the maximum future impairment of goodwill that we could incur is the amount recognized in our consolidated balance sheets, $2,693.2 million as of december 31, 2021, including $2,027.5 million of goodwill generated from the oha acquisition. given that the oha acquisition closed on december 29, 2021, no impairment testing was performed on the related goodwill.
provision for income taxes after compensation and related costs, our provision for income taxes on our earnings is our largest annual expense. we operate in numerous states and countries through our various subsidiaries and must allocate our income, expenses, and earnings under the various laws and regulations of each of these taxing jurisdictions. accordingly, our provision for income taxes represents our total estimate of the liability that we have incurred in doing business each year in all of our locations. annually, we file tax returns that represent our filing positions with each jurisdiction and settle our return liabilities. each jurisdiction has the right to audit those returns and may take different positions with respect to income and expense allocations and taxable earnings determinations. from time to time, we may also provide for estimated liabilities associated with uncertain tax return filing positions that are subject to, or in the process of, being audited by various tax authorities. because the determination of our annual provision is subject to judgments and estimates, it is likely that actual results will vary from those recognized in our financial statements. as a result, we recognize additions to, or reductions of, income tax expense during a reporting period that pertain to prior period provisions as our estimated liabilities are revised and actual tax returns and tax audits are settled. we recognize any such prior period adjustment in the discrete quarterly period in which it is determined.
see note 1 - basis of preparation and summary of significant accounting policies within item 8, financial statements for a discussion of newly issued but not yet adopted accounting guidance.
forward-looking information.
from time to time, information or statements provided by or on behalf of t. rowe price, including those within this report, may contain certain forward-looking information, including information or anticipated information relating to: our revenues, net income, and earnings per share on common stock; changes in the amount and composition of our assets under management; our expense levels; our tax rate; the timing and expense related to the integration of oha with and into our business,; and our expectations regarding financial markets, future transactions, dividends, stock repurchases, investments, new products and services, capital expenditures, changes in our effective fee rate, the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, other market conditions and the acquisition of oha. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking information provided by or on behalf of t. rowe price is not a guarantee of future performance. actual results may differ materially from those in forward-looking information because of various factors including, but not limited to, those discussed below and in item 1a, risk factors, of this form 10-k annual report. further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
our future revenues and results of operations will fluctuate primarily due to changes in the total value and composition of assets under our management. such changes result from many factors, including, among other things: cash inflows and outflows in the u.s. mutual funds, subadvised funds, separately managed accounts, collective investment trusts, and other investment products, performance fees, capital allocation-based income, fluctuations in global financial markets that result in appreciation or depreciation of the assets under our management, our introduction of new mutual funds and investment products, changes in retirement savings trends relative to participant-directed investments and defined contribution plans, and the impact of the coronavirus outbreak. the ability to attract and retain investors' assets under our management is dependent on investor sentiment and confidence; the relative investment performance of the t. rowe price funds and other managed investment products as compared with competing offerings and market indexes; the ability to maintain our investment management and administrative fees at appropriate levels; competitive conditions in the mutual fund, asset management, and broader financial services sectors; our level of success in implementing our strategy to expand our business, including our announced plan to establish t. rowe price investment management as a separate registered investment adviser; and our ability to attract and retain key personnel. our revenues are substantially dependent on fees earned under contracts with the t. rowe price funds and could be adversely affected if the independent directors of one or more of the t. rowe price funds terminated or significantly altered the terms of the investment management or related administrative services agreements. non-operating investment income will also fluctuate primarily due to the size of our investments, changes in their market valuations, and any other-than-temporary impairments that may arise or, in the case of our equity method investments, our proportionate share of the investees' net income.
our future results are also dependent upon the level of our expenses, which are subject to fluctuation for the following or other reasons: changes in the level of our advertising and promotion expenses in response to market conditions, including our efforts to expand our investment advisory business to investors outside the u.s. and to further penetrate our distribution channels within the u.s.; the pace and level of spending to support key strategic priorities, including the integration of oha with and into our business; variations in the level of total compensation expense due to, among other things, bonuses, restricted stock units and other equity grants, other incentive awards, our supplemental savings plan, changes in our employee count and mix, and competitive factors; any goodwill or other asset impairment that may arise; fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to the costs of our international operations; expenses and capital costs, such as technology assets, depreciation, amortization, and research and development, incurred to maintain and enhance our administrative and operating services infrastructure; the timing of the assumption of all third party research payments, unanticipated costs that may be incurred to protect investor accounts and the goodwill of our clients; and disruptions of services, including those provided by third parties, such as fund and product recordkeeping, facilities, communications, power, and the mutual fund transfer agent and accounting systems.
our business is also subject to substantial governmental regulation, and changes in legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, and compliance requirements may have a substantial effect on our operations and results, including, but not
limited to, effects on costs that we incur and effects on investor interest in t. rowe price investment products and investing in general or in particular classes of mutual funds or other investments.