item 1a.    risk factors our business faces many risks. certain risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below.  if any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.  these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this form 10-k.
strategic and competitive risks failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name or any of our exclusive brands.
our success depends in part on the value and strength of the tractor supply name, including our exclusive brands. the tractor supply name is integral to our business, as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not based on fact. any failure to comply or accusation of our failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. customers are also increasingly using social media to provide feedback and information about our company, including our products and services, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. further, adverse publicity about our merchandise products, whether valid or not, may discourage consumers from buying the products we offer. additionally, our proprietary rights in our trademarks, trade names, service marks, domain names, copyrights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are valuable assets of our business. we may not be able to prevent or even discover every instance of unauthorized third party uses of our intellectual property or dilution of our brand names, such as when a third party uses trademarks that are identical or similar to our own. any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.
we experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales at our existing stores, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months. see item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for a further discussion of comparable store sales. various factors affect the comparable store sales at our existing stores, including, among others, the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, global supply chain disruptions, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other competing retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, retail pricing, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs, weather conditions, and our ability to attract and retain qualified team members.  these factors may cause the comparable store sales results at our existing stores to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations.  past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future.
furthermore, the significant positive impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the demand for our products in fiscal 2021 and 2020 resulted in a significant increase in new or reacquired customers and in comparable store sales growth. our sales performance in fiscal 2021 and 2020 may present a greater risk to our ability to increase comparable store sales in the following year(s) and in our ability to maintain our new or reacquired customers gained in those years. therefore, we may not be able to sustain or increase our comparable store sales in fiscal 2022 and beyond.
failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance.
an integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. this expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers and other businesses for such sites. if we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired significantly. to the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded.
although we have a rigorous real estate site selection and approval process, there can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the company. new stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher index operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. as we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs. additionally, new stores can also impact the sales and contribution margins of existing stores located in close proximity.
as we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability, or cash flow. our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable.
our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results.
we believe our past performance has been based on, and future success will depend, in part, upon the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs.  these merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. if we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory impairment or retail price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations.
we operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. these competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, pet retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently-owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains, and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. we compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. this competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance.
we may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business.
we may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business, for example, the pending acquisition of orscheln farm and home, llc discussed previously. the success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration, and other factors relating to the target business. acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. we may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations, and general operating procedures. if we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, acquired businesses may not achieve desired profitability objectives or other expectations, causing lower than expected earnings and cash flows which could adversely affect our financial performance and subsequently require impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets.
weather and climate risks unseasonal and extreme weather may have a significant impact on our financial results.
weather conditions affect the demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices.  historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. in addition, extreme weather conditions, such as more frequent or intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, flood, fires, index droughts, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels, have impacted operating results both positively and negatively and may positively or negatively impact our business in the future. while extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions, as a result of store closings, damage to our stores or merchandise, or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weather conditions may cause a disruption in our distribution and transportation network that would adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores and to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain, fires and droughts may result in delays in the transportation and delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers, our stores, or our customers. significant disruptions or delays in our distribution and transportation network could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our customers which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change.
growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the u.s. to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. for example, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
macroeconomic risks general economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance.
our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. a weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, uncertainty or changes in business or political conditions, social and political causes and movements, higher interest rates, higher tax rates, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, general health epidemics, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. a general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance.
although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both.  we are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton, and other commodities, as well as duties, tariffs, diesel fuel, and transportation services.  therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin.  our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices, and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality.  should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility not be effective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted.
index team member risks our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage, and labor costs, and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to maintain and continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members.  our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, increases in legally required minimum wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities.  if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. these laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others.  the laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.  if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
the loss of current members of our senior management team and other key team members or the failure to successfully manage an executive officer transition may adversely affect our operating results.
our success depends in large part on the continued availability and service of our executive officers, senior management, and other key team members. competition for senior management and key team members in our industry is strong and we may not be able to retain our key team members or attract new qualified team members. we must continue to recruit, retain, and motivate management and other team members sufficiently, both to maintain our current business and to execute our long-term strategic growth initiatives. the loss of any of our executive officers or other key senior management without sufficient advance notice could prevent or delay the implementation and completion of our strategic initiatives or divert management's attention to seeking qualified replacements. additionally, any failure by us to manage a successful leadership transition of an executive officer and to timely identify a qualified permanent replacement could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
supply chain and third-party vendor risks we face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced.
the products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors.  we have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs.  our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. we rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no significant long-term contracts with such suppliers.  our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones.  this reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, health (including, but not limited to, the covid-19 coronavirus), or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution.  our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market's needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions or the components or manufacture of their products. any problems caused by these third-parties, or issues associated with their products or workforce, including customer or governmental complaints, breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber attacks or security breaches at a vendor could subject the company to litigation and adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell.  in addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources.  as an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, global or regional index health epidemics, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates, and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products.  if any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional u.s. quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes, or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the political landscape in the u.s. contains uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries. we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america. major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
we rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including china, for merchandise. additionally, a portion of our domestically purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of current or potential tariffs by the u.s. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from china.
we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america, and many of our domestic vendors have a global supply chain. the u.s. has imposed tariffs on certain products imported into the u.s. from china and could propose additional tariffs. the imposition of tariffs on imported products has increased our costs and could result in reduced sales and profits. the changes in certain tax and trade policies, tariffs and other regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries enacted under the prior u.s. administration increased the cost of our merchandise sourced from outside of the u.s., which represents a large percentage of our overall merchandise. it remains unclear how tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations may change under the current u.s. administration, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income.
in addition, the imposition of tariffs by the u.s. has resulted in the adoption of tariffs by china on u.s. exports and could result in the adoption of tariffs by other countries as well. a resulting trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world economy. further, the imposition of tariffs or other changes in world trade could have an impact on certain u.s. industries and consumers and could negatively impact the consumer demand for products that we sell.
we continue to evaluate the impact of the effective and potential tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability as well as our strategies to mitigate any negative impact, including negotiating with our vendors, seeking alternative sourcing options, and adjusting retail selling prices. given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of the current and potential tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the u.s. or other countries, the impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition is uncertain but could be significant. thus, we can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful in whole or in part. to the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
a significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network, including third-party logistics providers, to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores or customers by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail, and truck. any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could negatively affect our operations. for example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages, work stoppages, global or regional health epidemics, product shortages from vendors, or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate products to meet increased customer demand for certain products, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. in addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. also, a fire, tornado, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing, and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. while we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and alternative suppliers available, shortages or interruptions in the receipt or supply of products caused by unanticipated demand, such as occurred during, and as the economy recovers from, the covid-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of supplies, index inclement weather or other economic conditions, including the availability of qualified drivers and distribution center team members, could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of products, and our operating results.
the implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new distribution facilities and expand existing facilities to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth or negatively impacting our fulfillment capabilities, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental, or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. the completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. we cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets.
we continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores, distribution facilities, and customers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether.
technology, data security, business continuity and disaster recovery risks any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, team members, and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, employees, and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity.
we depend on information systems and technology, some of which are managed or provided by third-parties, for many activities important to our business. as do most retailers, we receive and store in our information systems certain personal and other sensitive information about our business, customers, team members, and vendors. additionally, we also receive and process information permitting cashless payments as part of our in-store and online operations at tractorsupply.com and petsense.com and on our mobile application, some of which depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. the information that we receive and store makes us subject to cybersecurity attacks and cyber incidents, which are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated, and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. we are the target of attempted cyber and other security threats and we continuously monitor our information technology networks and infrastructure in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. however, these security measures cannot provide absolute assurance or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing, detecting, or responding to every such breach or disruption and/or preventing the misuse of confidential information of our business, customers, team members, or vendors. similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors on which we rely for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
a compromise of our information security and privacy controls, or those of businesses and vendors with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper parties; loss or unavailability of data; disruptions to our business activities; or any other outcome stemming from a cybersecurity incident could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, team members, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the attack or breach and could result in a disruption of our operations.
in addition, states and the federal government have enacted laws and regulations relating to privacy, data breaches, and theft of employee and customer data.  these laws have increased the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required index by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business.
we are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer's bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. these payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and payment card industry data security standards. they also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. if we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks' costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services managed or provided by third-parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. these systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war.  in addition, we continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems, as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. if our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected.  additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
customer-facing technology systems are an important part of our sales and marketing strategy and the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
through our continued information technology enhancements, we believe we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and an omni-channel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones, and other mobile communication devices. we use our websites, tractorsupply.com and petsense.com, and our mobile application as both a sales channel for our products and as a method of providing product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to drive in-store and online sales. omni-channel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers occurring online and through mobile applications has continued to increase and has accelerated significantly during the covid-19 pandemic. the pace of this increase could further accelerate in the future. our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. omni-channel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. our customers are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media, particularly in the wake of covid-19. we are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our in-store and online business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
index if we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our long-term strategic growth initiatives may not be successful.
we depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business.  we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. we could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. we could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth.
the success of our long-term strategic growth initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin are dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them.  extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the long-term strategic growth initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives.
financial risks changes in market conditions or in our credit rating could restrict capital and adversely affect our business operations and growth initiatives.
we rely on the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to the credit and capital markets to fund our operations, growth strategy, capital expenditures, and return of cash to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. our continued access to liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and credit ratings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and/or improve our current credit ratings. a rating organization may lower our rating, or change our ratings' outlook, or decide not to rate our securities, temporarily or permanently, in its sole discretion. in the event that our current credit ratings are downgraded or removed, we would most likely incur higher borrowing costs and experience greater difficulty in obtaining additional financing, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. we can make no assurances that our ability to obtain additional financing through the debt and equity markets will not be adversely affected by economic conditions or that we will be able to maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
in addition, tight lending practices may make it difficult for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions.  unfavorable lending conditions could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations.
longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business.  any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.  such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends, or other discretionary uses of cash.
our level of indebtedness could limit our cash flow available for operations and could adversely affect our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing.
as of december 25, 2021, our total outstanding consolidated debt was approximately $986.4 million. our level of indebtedness could restrict our operations and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, to refinance our indebtedness, and to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. this ability, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, will be dependent upon a number of factors, including our degree of leverage, the value of our assets, borrowing and other financial restrictions imposed by lenders and conditions in the credit markets at the time we refinance. if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on acceptable terms, we may be forced to agree to otherwise unfavorable financing terms. this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
index in addition, so long as we comply with any existing limitations in our credit and debt agreements while they are in effect, we may issue an indeterminate amount of debt securities from time to time. if new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the related risks that we and they now face could intensify.
our credit facilities, the indenture related to our 1.75% senior notes, and other debt instruments have restrictive covenants and change of control provisions that could limit our financial and business flexibility.
our credit agreement governing our senior credit facilities and our note purchase and private shelf agreement governing our senior unsecured notes due august 14, 2029 (the "2029 notes") each contain financial, operative and other restrictive covenants in addition to the restrictive covenants contained in the indenture governing our 1.75% senior notes (as defined in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. in addition, upon certain events constituting a change of control, as that term is defined in the indenture for our 1.75% senior notes and in our note purchase and private shelf agreement for our 2029 notes, we are required to make an offer in cash to repurchase all or any part of each holder's 1.75% senior notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest, and to prepay all of each holder's 2029 notes at a prepayment price equal to 100% of the principal thereof, plus accrued interest. sufficient funds may not be available to us, however, at the time of any change of control event to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, all or a portion of the tendered notes pursuant to these requirements. our failure to offer to repurchase 1.75% senior notes and prepay 2029 notes, or to repurchase and prepay, as applicable, notes tendered, following a change of control will result in a default under the indentures for our 1.75% senior notes and the note purchase and private shelf agreement for our 2029 notes, which could lead to a cross-default under our credit agreement for our senior credit facilities.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program.
although our board of directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $6.5 billion, we may temporarily pause or permanently discontinue this program at any time or significantly reduce the amount of repurchases under the program. the currently authorized amount reflects a $2.0 billion increase to the existing share repurchase program which was approved by our board of directors on january 26, 2022. the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. as of december 25, 2021, prior to the expanded $2.0 billion repurchase authorization, the company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $345.0 million, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses.
the market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value.
the price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts' or investors' expectations, the condition of the financial markets, and other factors. the company's stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. that multiple is in part dependent on investors' perception of the company's future earnings growth prospects. if investors' perception of the company's earnings growth prospects change, the company's earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the stock market has at times experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. these fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance.
impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of an acquired company and the related fair value of net assets acquired. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment of goodwill exists. as index with goodwill, we also test our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. factors indicating impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated or changing competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and reduced growth rates. any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. to the extent that business conditions deteriorate or if changes in key assumptions and estimates differ significantly from management's expectations, it may be necessary to record additional impairment charges in the future which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
legal, regulatory and compliance risks we are subject to personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.
our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination, wage and hour, and other claims in the ordinary course of business.  product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties, and damage to our reputation. we maintain general liability with a self-insured retention and workers' compensation insurance with a deductible for each occurrence.  we also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage.  in many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance, as well as the property owners of our leased buildings.  our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers, and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim.  no assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers' or landlords' indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us.
additionally, we are subject to u.s. federal, state, and local employment laws that expose us to potential liability if we are determined to have violated such employment laws, including but not limited to, laws pertaining to minimum wage rates, overtime pay, discrimination, harassment, and wrongful termination. compliance with these laws, including the remediation of any alleged violation, may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
our business could be negatively impacted as a result of federal, state, local, or foreign laws and regulations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to competition, environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security, and employment law matters.
our operations, including our outsourced exclusive brand manufacturing partners, are subject to regulation by the occupational safety and health administration ("osha"), the food and drug administration (the "fda"), the department of agriculture (the "usda"), the environmental protection agency (the "epa") and by various other federal, state, local and foreign authorities regarding the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling and export of our products, including food safety standards.
if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.
we are also subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. failure to comply with the fcpa and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
index potential noncompliance with environmental regulations could materially impact our results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to various federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment and public health, including, for example, regulations governing the management of waste materials and waste waters.  governmental agencies on the federal, state, and local levels have, in recent years, increasingly focused on the retail sector's compliance with such laws and regulations, and have at times pursued enforcement activities.  we periodically receive information requests and notices of potential noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations from governmental agencies, which are addressed on a case-by-case basis with the relevant agency. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results.
the company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. an internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates or changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates or by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the internal revenue service ("irs"), as well as state and local taxing authorities. like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment.  these circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the irs and other state and local taxing authorities.
covid-19 risks the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic has, and could continue to have a material negative effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and business operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has created significant public health concerns as well as economic disruption, uncertainty, and volatility, such as increased transportation costs, supply chain distributions, labor shortages, increased overhead, among other impacts, which have, and may continue to, negatively affect our business operations.
despite the previous impacts of the pandemic on our business, we are unable to predict the future impact that covid-19 will have on our results of operations, cash flows, financial position, and business operations due to numerous uncertainties. these uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the severity of the virus; the duration of the pandemic, including the likelihood of resurgences and the emergence of variants; the efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines; governmental actions which include restrictions on our operations up to and including potential closure of our stores and distribution centers; the duration and degree of quarantine or shelter-in-place measures, including additional measures that may still occur; impacts on our supply chain which include suppliers of our products and our transportation vendors; impacts on our distribution network; the health of our workforce and our ability to maintain staffing needs to operate our business; how macroeconomic factors evolve including unemployment rates and recessionary pressures; the impact of the pandemic on consumer shopping patterns; volatility in the economy as well as the credit and financial markets; the incremental costs of doing business during the pandemic as well as on a long-term basis; potential increases in insurance premiums, medical claims costs, and workers' compensation claim costs; unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other index resources to the pandemic response; potential delays in growth initiatives including the timing of new store openings; potential adverse effects on our internal control environment and information security as a result of changes to a remote work environment; and the long-term impact of the pandemic on our business.
in addition, we cannot predict the impact that the pandemic will have on our manufacturers and suppliers of our products and other business partners such as service vendors; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact our results of operations and our ability to operate our business effectively.
circumstances surrounding and related to the covid-19 pandemic have created unprecedented impacts on the global supply chain. our business relies on an efficient and effective supply chain, including the manufacture and transportation of our products as well as the effective functioning of our distribution centers. impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic are placing strains on the domestic and international supply chains that have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of our products and result in higher out-of-stock inventory positions due to difficulties in timely obtaining product from the manufacturers and suppliers of our products as well as transportation of those products to our distribution centers and stores. further, we may have to source products from different manufacturers or geographic locations which could result in, among other things, higher product costs, increased transportation costs, delays in receiving products or lower quality of the products.
additionally, the operation of our distribution centers is crucial to our business operations. if our distribution centers experience closures or worker shortages, whether temporary or sustained, we could sustain significant adverse impacts related to the flow or availability of products to our stores and customers.
any of these circumstances could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs, or damage to our reputation.
economic impacts stemming from the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic could significantly impact our financial position, including liquidity, capital allocation, and access to capital markets for additional funds to operate our business.
the financial and credit markets have experienced, and may continue to experience significant volatility and turmoil as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. changes in the financial and credit markets could adversely impact our ability to access capital on favorable terms and continue to meet our liquidity needs.
additionally, changes in our capital allocation strategy could have significant adverse impacts, both short- and long-term, on our business, results of operations, and financial position. any future suspension of our share repurchase program, if necessary and depending on duration, could negatively impact our earnings per share which in turn could adversely impact our common stock price. while not contemplated at this time, any potential suspension or reduction in our dividend declaration could have an adverse impact on investor perception and our common stock price.
actions taken to protect the health and safety of our team members and customers during the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic have increased our operating costs and may not be sufficient to protect against operational or reputational harm to our business, regulatory actions or claims and litigation.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we have taken a number of actions across our business to help protect our team members, customers, and others in the communities we serve. these measures include encouraging vaccination efforts, personal protective equipment for our team members, following local and federal guidance regarding the use of masks in our facilities, increased staffing in order to provide contact-free curbside pickup from stores, expansion of our capabilities to support delivery to customer homes, increased cleaning and sanitizing measures, offering remote work plans at our store support center and monitoring for "social distancing" directives, as well as additional cleaning materials in our facilities. additionally, we have provided appreciation bonuses as well as permanent increases in compensation and benefits for our team members in our stores and distribution centers to further support them during and after the covid-19 pandemic. actions such as these have resulted in significant incremental costs in fiscal 2021 and 2020, and we expect that we will continue to incur these costs for the foreseeable future, which in turn will have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the health and safety of our team members and customers are of primary concern to our management team. however, due to the unpredictable nature of this virus and the consequences of our actions, we may see unexpected outcomes notwithstanding index our added safety measures. for instance, if we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if our team members or customers do not participate in "social distancing", vaccination efforts and other safety measures, the well-being of our team members and customers could be jeopardized. furthermore, any failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response, could cause reputational harm to our brand and subject us to claims and litigation from team members, customers and service providers. additionally, we may experience increased litigation expenses resulting from team member or customer lawsuits, including those related to the company's covid-19 response and team member or customer contraction of covid-19, increased insurance costs, medical claims costs and workers' compensation claims costs and an adverse impact of regulatory and judicial changes in liability for workers' compensation claims related to the covid-19 pandemic.
further, an outbreak of confirmed cases of covid-19 in our stores or distribution centers could result in temporary or sustained workforce shortages or facility closures which would negatively impact our underlying business and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and capital resources during the two-year period ended december 25, 2021 (our fiscal years 2021 and 2020). for a comparison of our results of operations for fiscal year december 26, 2020 and december 28, 2019, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 26, 2020, filed with the sec on february 18, 2021. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information. see "forward-looking statements and information" and "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report.
tractor supply reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). tractor supply also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by u.s. gaap. therefore, tractor supply's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. we believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations.
overview founded in 1938, tractor supply company (the "company" or "tractor supply" or "we" or "our" or "us") is the largest rural lifestyle retailer in the united states ("u.s."). the company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers, ranchers, and all those who enjoy living the rural lifestyle (which we refer to as the "out here" lifestyle). as of december 25, 2021, we operated 2,181 retail stores in 49 states under the names tractor supply company, petsense, and del's feed & farm supply. our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities. we also operate websites under the names tractorsupply.com and petsense.com as well as a tractor supply company mobile application. through our stores and e-commerce channels, we offer the following comprehensive selection of merchandise:
equine, livestock, pet, and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth, and containment (i.e. fencing);
work/recreational clothing and footwear; and
maintenance products for agricultural and rural use.
tractor supply company believes we can grow our business by being an integral part of our customers' lives as the dependable supplier of "out here" lifestyle solutions, creating customer loyalty through personalized experiences, and providing convenience that our customers expect at anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose. our long-term growth strategy is to: (1) expand and deepen our customer base by providing personal, localized, and memorable customer engagements by leveraging content, social media, and digital shopping experiences, attracting new customers and driving loyalty, (2) evolve customer experiences by digitizing our business processes and furthering our omni-channel capabilities, (3) offer relevant assortments and services across all channels through exclusive and national brands and continue to grow our total addressable market by introducing new products and services through our test and learn strategy, (4) drive operational excellence and productivity through continuous improvement, increasing space utilization, and implementing advanced supply chain capabilities to support growth, scale and agility, and (5) expand through selective acquisitions, as such opportunities arise, to add complementary businesses and to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to supplement organic growth.
achieving this strategy will require a foundational focus on: (1) connecting, empowering and growing our team to enhance their lives and the communities they live in, enabling them to provide legendary service to our customers, and (2) allocating resources in a disciplined and efficient manner to drive profitable growth and build stockholder value, including leveraging technology and automation, to align our cost structure to support new business capabilities for margin improvement and cost reductions.
over the past five years, we have experienced considerable growth in stores, growing from 1,738 stores at the end of fiscal 2016 to 2,181 stores (2,003 tractor supply and del's retail stores and 178 petsense retail stores) at the end of fiscal 2021, and in net sales, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 13.4%. given the size of the communities that we target, we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in many existing and new markets. we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites, and we believe we have significant additional opportunities for new tractor supply stores. we also believe that there is opportunity for continued growth for petsense stores.
index executive summary in fiscal 2021, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 27 states and seven new petsense stores in four states. in fiscal 2020, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores in 31 states and nine new petsense stores in three states. this resulted in a selling square footage increase of approximately 4% in each of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.
net sales increased 19.9% to $12.73 billion in fiscal 2021 from $10.62 billion in fiscal 2020 as we experienced significant demand for our products across all product categories, geographies and channels in fiscal 2021 as we acquired new customers who entered our markets and our existing customers focused on the care of their homes, land, and animals while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. comparable store sales increased 16.9% in fiscal 2021 versus a 23.1% increase in fiscal 2020. gross profit increased 19.0% to $4.48 billion in fiscal 2021 from $3.76 billion in fiscal 2020, and gross margin decreased 25 basis points to 35.2% of net sales in fiscal 2021 from 35.4% of net sales in fiscal 2020. operating income increased 88 basis points to 10.3% of net sales in fiscal 2021 from 9.4% of net sales in fiscal 2020. for fiscal 2021, net income was $997.1 million, or $8.61 per diluted share, compared to $749.0 million, or $6.38 per diluted share, in fiscal 2020.
we ended fiscal 2021 with $878.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and outstanding debt of $986.4 million, after returning $1.04 billion to our stockholders through stock repurchases and quarterly cash dividends.
information regarding covid-19 coronavirus pandemic the company has been and continues to closely monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on all facets of our business. this includes the impact on our team members, customers, suppliers, vendors, business partners, and supply chain networks.
the health and safety of our team members and customers are the primary concerns of our management team. we have taken and continue to take numerous actions to promote health and safety, including, encouraging vaccination efforts, providing personal protective equipment to our team members, following local and federal guidance regarding the use of masks in our facilities, maintaining enhanced services for cleaning and sanitation, continuing to provide additional functionality to support contactless shopping experiences, promoting social distancing in our stores, and continuing to offer remote work plans at our store support center.
as further described in the results of operations, our net sales have significantly increased due to unprecedented customer demand across all major product categories, channels, and geographic regions. however, the net incremental costs of doing business during this crisis have increased as a result of the aforementioned actions we have taken to support and promote the safety and well-being of our team members and customers, and we believe some of these incremental costs will continue after the pandemic is over.
there are numerous uncertainties surrounding the pandemic and its impact on the economy and our business, as further described in the risk factors section under part i item 1a. of this form 10-k, which make it difficult to predict the impact on our business, financial position, or results of operations in fiscal 2022 and beyond. while our stores, distribution centers, and e-commerce operations are open and plan to remain open, we cannot predict the uncertainties, or the corresponding impacts on our business, at this time.
performance metrics comparable store metrics comparable store metrics are a key performance indicator used in the retail industry and by the company to measure the performance of the underlying business. our comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales and exclude certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during either of the years being compared are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during either of the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics calculations became material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations.
index transaction count and transaction value transaction count and transaction value metrics are used by the company to measure sales performance. transaction count represents the number of customer transactions during a given period. transaction value represents the average amount paid per transaction and is calculated as net sales divided by the total number of customer transactions during a given period.
significant accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make informed estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  our financial position and/or results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of such policies.  in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies and estimates, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of complex estimates.
we identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventory by evaluating turn rates, historical and expected future sales trends, age of merchandise, overall inventory levels, current cost of inventory, and other benchmarks. we have established an inventory valuation reserve to recognize the estimated impairment in value (i.e., an inability to realize the full carrying value) based on our aggregate assessment of these valuation indicators under prevailing market conditions and current merchandising strategies.
we also have established a reserve for estimating inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts. the reserve is established by assessing the chain-wide average shrinkage experience rate, applied to the related periods' sales volumes. such assessments are updated on a regular basis for the most recent individual store experiences. our general policy is to perform physical inventories at least once a year for each store that has been open more than twelve months.
we receive funding from substantially all of our significant merchandise vendors, in support of our business initiatives, through a variety of programs and arrangements, including guaranteed vendor support funds ("vendor support") and volume-based rebate funds ("volume rebates"). the amounts received are subject to terms of vendor agreements, most of which are "evergreen", reflecting the on-going relationship with our significant merchandise vendors. certain of our agreements, primarily volume rebates, are renegotiated annually, based on expected annual purchases of the vendor's product. vendor funding is initially deferred as a reduction of the purchase price of inventory, and then recognized as a reduction of cost of merchandise as the related inventory is sold. during interim periods, the amount of vendor support and volume rebates are estimated based upon initial commitments and anticipated purchase levels with applicable vendors.
we do not believe our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term. however, changes in market conditions or consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves. our impairment reserves contain uncertainties because the calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding forecasted customer demand and the promotional environment. the estimated store inventory shrink rate is based on historical experience. we believe historical rates are a reasonably accurate reflection of future trends. our shrinkage reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding future shrinkage trends, the effect of loss prevention measures and merchandising strategies.
for vendor funding, we estimate the purchase volume (and related vendor funding) based on our current knowledge of inventory levels, sales trends and expected customer demand, as well as planned new store openings and relocations. although we believe we can reasonably estimate purchase volume and related volume rebates at interim periods, it is possible that actual year-end results could be different from previously estimated amounts. our allocation methodology contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding customer demand, purchasing activity, target thresholds, vendor attrition and collectability.
index we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize inventory impairment reserves or shrinkage in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate impairment or shrinkage. however, if assumptions regarding consumer demand, clearance potential or inventory loss for certain products are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our inventory impairment reserve as of december 25, 2021, would have affected net income by approximately $1.3 million in fiscal 2021. a 10% change in our shrinkage reserve as of december 25, 2021, would have affected net income by approximately $4.2 million in fiscal 2021.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our vendor funding reserves in the financial periods presented. at the end of each fiscal year, a significant portion of the actual purchase activity is known. thus, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the amounts recorded as vendor funding. we do not believe there is a significant collectability risk related to vendor funding amounts due to us at the end of fiscal 2021. if a 10% reserve had been applied against our outstanding vendor funding due as of december 25, 2021, net income would have been affected by approximately $2.3 million in fiscal 2021. although it is unlikely that there will be any significant reduction in historical levels of vendor funding, if such a reduction were to occur in future periods, the company could experience a higher inventory balance and higher cost of sales.
we self-insure a significant portion of our workers' compensation insurance and general liability (including product liability) insurance plans. we have stop-loss insurance policies to protect from individual losses over specified dollar values. provisions for losses related to our self-insured liabilities are based upon periodic independent actuarially determined estimates that consider a number of factors including historical claims experience, loss development factors, and severity factors.
the full extent of certain workers' compensation and general liability claims may not become fully determined for several years. our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date based upon historical data and experience, including actuarial calculations.
we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the assumptions we use to calculate insurance reserves. however, if we experience a significant increase in the number of claims or the cost associated with these claims, we may be exposed to losses that could be material. a 10% change in our self-insurance reserves as of december 25, 2021, would have affected net income by approximately $8.4 million in fiscal 2021.
impairment of long-lived assets:
long-lived assets, including lease right-of-use assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset or asset group to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the significant assumptions used to determine estimated undiscounted cash flows include cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations, and other costs to operate a store. if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the related asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the related asset or asset group to its estimated fair value, which may be based on an estimated future cash flow model, market valuation, or other valuation technique, as appropriate. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining estimated useful life of that asset.
our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values.
we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. none of these estimates and assumptions are significantly sensitive, and a 10%
index change in any of these estimates would not have a material impact on our analysis. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
there were no significant long-lived assets impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2021.
impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets:
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in accordance with the accounting standards, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. however, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test, and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value.
the quantitative impairment test for goodwill compares the fair value of a reporting unit with the carrying value of its net assets, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations, for the amount in which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. we determine fair values for each reporting unit using the market approach, when available and appropriate, the income approach, or a combination of both. the income approach involves forecasting projected financial information (such as revenue growth rates, profit margins, tax rates, and capital expenditures) and selecting a discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in estimated future cash flows. under the market approach, the fair value is based on observed market data. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
the quantitative impairment test for other indefinite-lived intangible assets involves comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the implied fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations.
our impairment loss calculation contains uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to qualitative factors as well as estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting projected financial information and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows.
the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to non-cash impairment losses that could be material.
there were no goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment charges recognized in fiscal 2021.
index results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in the consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales.
cost of merchandise sold (a)                                 64.83                   64.58
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets               -                    0.65
operating income                                             10.26                    9.39
(a) our gross margin amounts may not be comparable to those of other retailers since some retailers include all of the costs related to their distribution facility network in cost of merchandise sold and others (like our company) exclude a portion of these distribution facility network costs from gross margin and instead include them in selling, general, and administrative expenses; refer to note 1 - significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
net sales increased 19.9% to $12.73 billion in fiscal 2021 from $10.62 billion in fiscal 2020. comparable store sales increased 16.9% to $12.43 billion versus a 23.1% increase in fiscal 2020. the comparable store average transaction value increased 9.8% and comparable store average transaction count increased 7.1% for fiscal 2021, as compared to an increase of 12.2% and 10.9% in fiscal 2020, respectively.
our sales performance continued to benefit from the shift of consumer behavior trends due to the covid-19 pandemic as customers focused on the care of their homes, land, and animals, targeted investments in marketing to increase our unaided brand awareness, and other key initiatives to enhance customers' shopping experience, including the relaunch of the neighbor's club loyalty program. these factors led to growth in new customer acquisition and increased spend from existing customers, which further resulted in an increase in comparable store sales across all major product categories, driven by robust growth for everyday merchandise, including c.u.e. products, and solid demand for seasonal categories. in addition, the company's e-commerce sales experienced double-digit percentage growth in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2021, sales from stores opened less than one year were $324.6 million in fiscal 2021, which represented 3.1 percentage points of the 19.9% increase over fiscal 2020 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $355.3 million in fiscal 2020, which represented 4.3 percentage points of the 27.2% increase over fiscal 2019 net sales.
index the following table summarizes our store growth during fiscal 2021 and 2020:
fiscal year store count information:                         2021                      2020
tractor supply beginning of period                         1,923                     1,844
end of period                               2,003                     1,923
petsense beginning of period                           182                       180
end of period                                 178                       182
consolidated end of period                  2,181                     2,105
the following table indicates the percentage of net sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2021 and 2020:
percent of net sales fiscal year product category:                                       2021                          2020
hardware, tools and truck                            21                            21
agriculture                                           3                             4
gross profit increased 19.0% to $4.48 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $3.76 billion in fiscal 2020.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin decreased 25 basis points to 35.2% for fiscal 2021 compared to 35.4% for fiscal 2020. the decrease in gross margin as a percentage of net sales was primarily driven by higher product cost inflation, higher transportation costs driven by increased pressures on domestic freight, import freight, and rising fuel prices, and product mix shift towards c.u.e. products, which run at a slightly lower margin rate. partially offsetting the decrease was the company's price management program and limited promotional and clearance activity, which effectively offset a significant portion of the inflation and transportation pressures.
total selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses, including depreciation and amortization and asset impairment, increased 14.7% to $3.17 billion in fiscal 2021 from $2.76 billion in fiscal 2020.  sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, improved 113 basis points to 24.9% in fiscal 2021 from 26.0% in fiscal 2020.  the sg&a expenses in fiscal 2020 were impacted by discrete non-cash impairment charges for the petsense business of $74.1 million due primarily to a strategic reassessment of the business and a decision to reduce the number of new store openings planned over the long term and, to a lesser extent, the impairment of long-lived assets at underperforming locations. on an adjusted basis, excluding the impact of the discrete impairment charges in the prior year, sg&a expenses increased 17.8% to $3.17 billion in fiscal 2021 from $2.69 billion in fiscal 2020. on an adjusted basis, sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, improved 43 basis points to 24.9% in fiscal 2021 from 25.3% in fiscal 2020. the improvement in sg&a as a percent as net sales was primarily attributable to strong leverage in occupancy and other fixed costs from the increase in comparable store sales and lower covid-19 pandemic response costs. covid-19 pandemic response costs in fiscal 2021 of $63.3 million consisted of sick pay, benefits, and other health and safety related expenses, as compared to $117.1 million in fiscal 2020. the leverage from these sg&a expenses was partially offset by higher store wage rates, additional store labor hours, and investment in the company's strategic initiatives.
our effective income tax rate decreased to 22.1% for fiscal 2021 compared to 22.6% in fiscal 2020. the primary drivers for the decrease in the company's effective income tax rate were additional benefits from share-based compensation, a reduction in index disallowed executive compensation, and increases in available tax credits, partially offset by a small increase in the company's provision for state taxes.
net income in fiscal 2021 was $997.1 million, or $8.61 per diluted share, compared to $749.0 million, or $6.38 per diluted share, in fiscal 2020. the aforementioned non-cash impairment expense related to the petsense business had an after-tax impact on fiscal 2020 net income of approximately $57.3 million or $0.49 per diluted share. on an adjusted basis, considering the after-tax impact of the non-cash impairment charges related to the petsense business, net income was $806.2 million, or $6.87 per diluted share, for fiscal 2020. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are non-gaap measures which have been provided in order to enhance comparability for the periods presented given that the impairment charges related to the petsense business are non-recurring in nature. a reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures is included in the following table.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures
fiscal 2020                      impairment (a)            fiscal 2020
(as reported)                     (adjustment)                         (as adjusted)
sg&amp;a (including depreciation and amortization and asset impairment)          $2,764,621                        $(74,051)                            $2,690,570
operating income                                                                   $996,928                          $74,051                            $1,070,979
(a) comprised of $68.97 million of impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets along with $5.08 million of impairment of other long-lived assets related to the petsense reporting unit during fiscal 2021, we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $798.9 million as part of our share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2020, we repurchased approximately 3.4 million shares at a total cost of $343.0 million. shares repurchased in fiscal 2020 were impacted by the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program from march 12, 2020 until november 5, 2020, in order to strengthen our liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic.
for a comparison of our performance and financial metrics for the fiscal years ended december 26, 2020 and december 28, 2019, see "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 26, 2020, filed with the sec on february 18, 2021.
liquidity and capital resources in addition to normal operating expenses and expenses associated with covid-19, our primary ongoing cash requirements are for new store expansion, existing store remodeling and improvements, store relocations, distribution facility capacity and improvements, information technology, inventory purchases, repayment of existing borrowings under our debt facilities, share repurchases, cash dividends, and selective acquisitions as opportunities arise.
our primary ongoing sources of liquidity are existing cash balances, cash provided from operations, remaining funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit.  our inventory and accounts payable levels typically build in the first and third fiscal quarters to support the higher sales volume of the spring and cold-weather selling seasons, respectively.
we believe that our existing cash balances, expected cash flow from future operations, funds available under our debt facilities, operating and finance leases, and normal trade credit will be sufficient to fund our operations, including expenses associated with covid-19, and our capital expenditure needs, including new store openings, existing store remodeling and improvements, index store relocations, distribution facility capacity and improvements, and information technology improvements through the end of fiscal 2022. we are not aware of any trends or events that would materially affect our capital requirements or liquidity.
working capital at december 25, 2021, the company had working capital of $1.19 billion, which decreased $329.3 million from fiscal 2020.  the shifts in working capital were attributable to changes in the following components of current assets and current liabilities (in millions):
current portion of finance lease obligations                    3.9                                 4.6                             (0.7)
current portion of operating lease obligations                321.3                               298.7                              22.6
working capital                                            $1,185.6                            $1,514.9                          $(329.3)
in comparison to december 26, 2020, working capital as of december 25, 2021 was impacted most significantly by changes in cash and cash equivalents, inventories, accounts payable and other accrued expenses.
the decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily driven by share repurchases, capital expenditures to support strategic growth, and cash dividends to stockholders.
the increase in inventories resulted from an increase in average inventory per store driven by our commitment to support our strong sales trends, along with the impact of inflation and the purchase of additional inventory to support new store growth.
the increase in accounts payable resulted from the purchase of additional inventory to support new store growth and strong sales volume trends.
other accrued expenses increased primarily due to increases in freight and other payables due to the growth in sales.
index debt the following table summarizes the company's outstanding debt as of the dates indicated (in millions):
less: current portion of long-term debt                               -                                -
outstanding letters of credit                                     $52.9                            $48.7
on october 30, 2020, the company issued and sold, in a public offering, $650 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due november 1, 2030 bearing interest at 1.75% per annum (the "1.75% senior notes"). in support of the issuance of the 1.75% senior notes, we obtained credit ratings from moody's investor services and standard & poor's.
we manage our business and financial ratios to target an investment-grade bond rating, which has historically allowed flexible access to financing at reasonable market costs. as of december 25, 2021, and the date of this filing, february 17, 2022, the company's senior unsecured debt is rated "baa1," by moody's investor services with a stable outlook and "bbb" by standard & poor's with a stable outlook. these ratings have been obtained with the understanding that moody's investors services and standard & poor's will continue to monitor our credit and make future adjustments to these ratings to the extent warranted. the ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities, may be changed, superseded or withdrawn at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
our current ratings, as well as future rating agency actions, could impact our ability to finance our operations on satisfactory terms and affect our financing costs. there can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve our current credit ratings.
we also maintain a $500 million revolving credit facility (the "revolver") under the senior credit facility (the "senior credit facility") with a sublimit of $50 million for swingline loans and a sublimit of $150 million for letters of credit.
for additional information about the company's debt and credit facilities, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
sources and uses of cash our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and funds available under our debt facilities.  principal uses of cash for investing activities are capital expenditures while principal uses of cash for financing activities are repurchase of the company's common stock and cash dividends paid to stockholders.
index the following table presents a summary of cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing, and financing activities for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                      $1,138.7                        $1,394.5
operating activities operating activities provided cash of $1.14 billion and $1.39 billion in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. the $255.8 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
impairment expense                                        -                            74.1                       (74.1)
net cash provided by operating activities          $1,138.7                        $1,394.5                     $(255.8)
the $255.8 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020, is primarily driven by a significant increase in inventory and timing of payments and accruals, partially offset by an increase in our net income.
investing activities investing activities used cash of $627.3 million and $292.2 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively.  the $335.1 million increase in net cash used in investing activities primarily reflects an increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020.
index investing activities, including capital expenditures, for fiscal 2021 and 2020 were as follows (in millions):
information technology                                       124.8                         133.0                      (8.2)
distribution center capacity and improvements                 93.3                          23.4                       69.9
total capital expenditures                                  $628.4                        $294.0                     $334.4
proceeds from sale of property and equipment                 (1.1)                         (1.8)                        0.7
the increase in spending for existing stores in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 principally reflects our strategic initiatives related to store remodels, including internal space productivity and the outside side lot improvements. the spending on information technology represents continued support of our store growth and our omni-channel initiatives, as well as improvements in security and compliance, enhancements and upgrades to our customer loyalty program, mobility in our stores, and other strategic initiatives.
the increase in spending for distribution center capacity and improvements in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 is principally related to beginning construction of a new distribution center in navarre, ohio, which is expected to be approximately 900,000 square feet and is currently anticipated to be completed in the fall of fiscal 2022.
the above table reflects an investment in 80 new tractor supply stores, and seven new petsense stores during fiscal 2021. in fiscal 2020, we opened 80 new tractor supply stores, nine new petsense stores, and had one store relocation.
our projected capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 are currently estimated to be in a range of approximately $625 million to $675 million. the capital expenditures include a plan to open approximately 75 to 80 new tractor supply stores, remodel more than 150 stores and transform the side lots in approximately 100 locations, along with opening 10 new petsense stores. we also anticipate the opening of our ninth distribution center in navarre, ohio in the fall of 2022. additionally, we plan to begin construction in the middle of fiscal 2022 on a new distribution center in maumelle, arkansas, which is currently anticipated to be complete in late 2023. in addition, we plan to support our continued improvements in technology and infrastructure at our existing stores, and ongoing investments to enhance our digital and omni-channel capabilities to better serve our customers.
financing activities financing activities used cash of $975.1 million in fiscal 2021, while financing activities provided $155.2 million in fiscal 2020. the $1.13 billion decrease in net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020, was due to changes in the following (in millions):
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities                  $-                        $602.5                       $(602.5)
repurchase of common stock                                      (798.9)                       (343.0)                        (455.9)
net proceeds from issuance of common stock                         82.2                          99.3                         (17.1)
index the decrease in net cash from financing activities in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020, is principally due to actions taken in fiscal 2020 intended to strengthen our liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic, including borrowings under our debt facilities as well as a temporary suspension of our share repurchase program.
repurchase of common stock the company's board of directors has authorized common stock repurchases under a share repurchase program which was announced in february 2007. the authorization amount of the program, which has been increased from time to time, is currently authorized for up to $6.50 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such repurchases. the currently authorized amount reflects a $2.0 billion increase to the existing share repurchase program which was approved by our board of directors on january 26, 2022. the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. the repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability, and other market conditions. repurchased shares are accounted for at cost and will be held in treasury for future issuance. the program may be limited, temporarily paused, or terminated at any time without prior notice.
we repurchased approximately 4.4 million and 3.4 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program at a total cost of $798.9 million and $343.0 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively.  as of december 25, 2021, prior to the expanded $2.0 billion repurchase authorization, the company had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $345.0 million, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses. shares repurchased in fiscal 2020 were impacted by the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program from march 12, 2020 until november 5, 2020, in order to strengthen our liquidity and preserve cash while navigating the covid-19 pandemic. our projected share repurchases for fiscal 2022 are currently estimated to be in a range of approximately $700 million to $800 million.
cash dividends paid to stockholders we paid cash dividends totaling $239.0 million and $174.7 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. in fiscal 2021, we declared and paid cash dividends to stockholders of $2.08 per common share outstanding as compared to $1.50 per common share outstanding in fiscal 2020. these payments reflect an increase in the quarterly dividend in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 to $0.52 per share from $0.40 per share and an increase in the quarterly dividend in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 from $0.35 per share.
on january 26, 2022, the company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.92 per share of the company's outstanding common stock.  the dividend will be paid on march 8, 2022, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on february 21, 2022.
it is the present intention of the company's board of directors to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend; however, the declaration and payment amount of future dividends will be determined by the company's board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend upon the earnings, financial condition, and capital needs of the company, along with any other factors which the company's board of directors deem relevant.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 25, 2021.