item 1a.    risk factors.
any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings.
covid-19 pandemic risks the covid-19 pandemic has materially and adversely impacted our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. the full extent of the impact will depend on future developments and how quickly we can return to more normal operations, among other things. if the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines, our actual results may vary significantly from our expectations.
the covid-19 pandemic prompted governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response that have included international and domestic travel restrictions or advisories, restrictions on business operations, limitations on public gatherings, social distancing recommendations, temporary closures of businesses, remote work arrangements, closures of tourist destinations and attractions as well as quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. as a result, we experienced a precipitous decline in passenger demand and bookings for both business and leisure travel, which has had an adverse impact that has been material to the company's business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity and has materially disrupted our strategic operating plans. the company has seen increasing demand for travel both domestically and internationally; however, as the situation surrounding the covid-19 pandemic remains fluid, the pandemic has continued to negatively impact travel demand. it remains difficult to reasonably predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's longer-term operational and financial performance, which will depend on a number of future developments, many of which are outside the company's control, such as the ultimate duration of and factors impacting the recovery from the pandemic (including the efficacy and speed of vaccination programs in curbing the spread of the virus in different markets, the efficacy and availability of various treatment options, the introduction and spread of new variants of the virus that may be resistant to currently approved vaccines or treatment options and the continuation of existing or implementation of new government travel restrictions), the volatility of aircraft fuel prices, customer behavior changes and fluctuations in demand for air travel, among others. the covid-19 pandemic and the measures taken in response may continue to impact many aspects of our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity in a number of ways, including labor shortages (including reductions in available staffing and related impacts to the company's flight schedules and reputation), facility closures and related costs and disruptions to the company's and its business partners' operations, reduced travel demand and consumer spending, increased fuel and other operating costs (including due to inflation), supply chain disruptions, logistics constraints, volatility in the price of our securities, our ability to access capital markets and volatility in the global economy and financial markets generally. if the negative impacts from the covid-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines, our actual results may vary significantly from our expectations.
in addition, the outbreak and spread of the covid-19 pandemic have adversely impacted customer perceptions of the health, safety, ease and predictability of air travel and these negative perceptions could continue even after the pandemic subsides. actual or perceived risk of infection on our flights, at airports and during other travel-related activities has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on the public's perception of air travel, which has harmed, and may continue to harm, our reputation and brand and result in reduced demand for the company's flights or the flights of its codeshare partners or regional carriers. we have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, covid-19-related costs as we sanitize aircraft, implement additional hygiene-related protocols and take other actions to limit the threat of infection among our employees and passengers and combat negative customer perceptions of the health and safety of travel on our aircraft and at our terminals.
our level of indebtedness has increased as we managed through the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and may continue to increase. as a result of the company's various financing activities in response to the pandemic, the company is subjected to more substantial risk of default, cross-default and cross-acceleration in the event of breach of its covenants under such financings. for example, under certain of the company's credit card processing agreements with financial institutions, the financial institutions in certain circumstances have the right to require that the company maintain certain cash or other collateral reserves related to advance ticket sales. the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in an increase in demand from consumers for refunds on their tickets, and if increased demand for refunds continues, we are at risk of triggering liquidity covenants in these processing agreements. if such covenants were triggered, it could force us to post cash collateral. in addition, under the terms of certain assistance received by the company under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") and related legislation, the company's business is subject to certain restrictions, including requirements to maintain certain levels of scheduled service. moreover, the company may plan to seek additional liquidity in the near-term and the company's ability to obtain additional financing is subject to certain limitations, including covenants in several of the company's debt agreements that limit its ability to incur additional indebtedness. in addition, the terms of any additional financing may subject the company to additional covenants limiting its operational and financial flexibility.
we, as well as our partners, are facing and could continue to face potential other negative consequences stemming from the covid-19 pandemic, including but not limited to increased cyber threats, such as phishing, social engineering and malware attacks partly due to the increase in remote work arrangements, supply chain constraints and an increasingly competitive labor market due to an industry-wide sustained labor shortage, including for skilled labor. if a regional carrier, supplier, third party vendor or service provider were unable to timely provide adequate products or support for its products (including aircraft), or otherwise fulfill its commitments to the company, the company's operations could be materially adversely affected.
it is possible that covid-19 could exacerbate any of the other risks described in this form 10-k as well. at this time, we cannot predict the full extent of the negative impact that the covid-19 pandemic will have on our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity.
strategic and business development risks we may not be successful in executing elements of our strategic operating plan, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and market capitalization.
in june 2021, the company announced its united next plan, including firm orders of 270 aircraft, retrofitting plans and plans to increase mainline daily departures and available seats across the company's north american network. in developing our united next plan, we made certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to the duration and scope of the continued impacts from the covid-19 pandemic, customer demand, delivery of aircraft, potential labor and supply chain shortages, inflation rates, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. actual conditions may be different from our assumptions and could cause the company to adjust its strategic operating plan. in addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, the growth that we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described in this form 10-k (especially relating to our supply chain or our ability to attract, train and retain talent), our partners will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including delivery of aircraft) or our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. if we do not successfully execute our united next or other strategic plans, or if actual results vary significantly from our expectations, our business, operating results, financial condition and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. the failure to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in the company's network strategy over time or other factors outside of the company's control may make aircraft on order less economic for the company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms, and any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into the company's fleet as planned could increase costs or affect the company's flight schedules.
the company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft, and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. as a result of our network strategy changing or our demand expectations not being realized, our preference for the aircraft that we previously ordered may decrease; however, the company may be responsible for material liabilities to its counterparties if it were to attempt to modify or terminate any of its existing aircraft order commitments and our financial condition could be adversely impacted. these risks are heightened as a result of the company's united next order in the second quarter of 2021, which was the largest order in the company's history. additionally, the company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing orders and may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. the company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all.
furthermore, if, for any reason, the company is unable to accept deliveries of new aircraft or integrate such new aircraft into its fleet as planned, the company may face higher financing and operating costs than planned, or be required to seek extensions of the terms for certain leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of other aircraft from its fleet. such unanticipated extensions or delays may require the company to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs, or reductions to the company's schedule, thereby reducing revenues.
the imposition of new tariffs, or any increase in existing tariffs, on the importation of commercial aircraft that the company orders may also result in higher costs.
failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our operating results. in addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future may underperform.
although we are committed to reducing our debt over the long term, an important part of the company's strategy to expand its global network has included making significant investments, both domestically and in other parts of the world, including in other airlines and other aviation industry participants, producers of sustainable aviation fuel and manufacturers of electric and other new generation aircraft. the company plans to continue to make additional investments through its corporate venture capital arm, uav. however, increased competition in forming and maintaining relationships with other airlines (since there are a limited number of potential arrangements and other airlines and industry participants seek to enter into similar relationships) may make it difficult for the company to complete strategic investments on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
future revenues, profits and cash flows of these and future investments and repayment of invested or loaned funds may not materialize due to safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain problems or other factors beyond our control. where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. we may not control the companies in which we make investments, and as a result, we will have limited ability to determine its management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks.
from time to time we also divest assets. we may not be successful in separating any such assets, and losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may adversely affect our earnings. any divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses following the transaction, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements or potential litigation.
in addition, we may incur asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce our earnings. for example, in 2020, united recorded a full credit loss allowance against the $515 million carrying value of the brw term loan (as defined in note 8 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report) and related receivable. moreover, new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results.
if the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. in addition, due to the company's substantial amount of debt, there can be no assurance of when we will be able to expand our business development capacity. pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings.
business, operational and industry risks the company could experience adverse publicity, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition.
an accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the company operates, or an aircraft or aircraft type that is operated by another airline, or an incident involving the company's operations, or the operations of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the company if such accident, catastrophe or incident created a public perception that the company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. further, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the company to significant liability. although the company currently maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the company for their operations, if the company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the company could incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident, which may result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition. in addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could result in operational restrictions on the company, including voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft. voluntary or involuntary groundings have also impacted, and could in the future impact, the company's financial results and operations in numerous ways, including reduced revenue, redistributions of other aircraft and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. a prolonged period of time operating a reduced fleet in these circumstances could result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results or financial condition. for example, the company decided to voluntarily ground its boeing 737 aircraft following certain electrical issues, and in february 2021, the faa issued an emergency airworthiness directive regarding certain boeing 777 pratt & whitney powered aircraft. the grounding of the boeing 777 pratt & whitney powered aircraft and boeing 737 aircraft has adversely affected our business and could adversely affect our business going forward if their return to service is significantly delayed.
the global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances, swaps of landing and slots and the creation of immunized jbas have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures. open skies agreements, including the longstanding agreements between the united states and each of the eu, canada, japan, korea, new zealand, australia, colombia and panama, as well as the more recent agreements between the united states and each of mexico and brazil, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for jbas and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, and other airlines participating in such activities may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the company and impairing the company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships.
airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. several of the company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and, therefore, increasing competition for those destinations. this increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's u.s. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers that may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the company. the significant presence of low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes and has also caused us to reduce fares for certain routes, resulting in lower yields on many domestic markets. our ability to compete in the domestic market effectively depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. if we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, operating results and financial condition could continue to be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our competitors have established new routes and destinations, including some at our hub airports, in light of the expansion opportunities presented by the covid-19 pandemic, which may compete with our existing routes and destinations and expansion plans.
our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. for instance, competition is significant from government-subsidized competitors from certain middle east countries. these carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the u.s. from their hubs in the middle east. the government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence. we also face competition from foreign carriers operating under "fifth freedom" rights permitted under international treaties that allow certain carriers to provide service to and from stopover points between their home countries and ultimate destinations, including points in the united states, in competition with service provided by us.
through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, u.s. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional global gateway cities. similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior u.s. passenger traffic beyond traditional u.s. gateway cities through these relationships. in addition, several jbas among u.s. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. if we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
our mileageplus frequent flyer program benefits from the attractiveness and competitiveness of united airlines as a material purchaser of award miles and the majority recipient for mileage redemption. if we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive airline business, our ability to acquire, engage and retain customers in the loyalty program may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the loyalty program's and our operating results and financial condition.
further, our mileageplus frequent flyer program also faces significant and increasing direct competition from the frequent flyer programs offered by other airlines, as well as from similar loyalty programs offered by banks and other financial services companies. competition among loyalty programs is intense regarding customer acquisition incentives, the value and utility of program currency, rewards range and value, fees, required usage, and other terms and conditions of these programs. if we are not able to maintain a competitive frequent flyer program, our ability to attract and retain customers to mileageplus and united alike may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
substantially all of the company's aircraft, engines and certain parts are sourced from a limited number of suppliers; therefore, the company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers.
the company currently sources substantially all of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from the boeing company ("boeing") or airbus s.a.s. ("airbus"). in addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. therefore, if the company is unable to acquire additional aircraft at acceptable prices from boeing or airbus, or if boeing or airbus fails to make timely deliveries of aircraft (whether as a result of any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval or certification for new model aircraft, such as the 737 max 10 aircraft, which has not yet been certified, or manufacturing delays or otherwise) or to provide adequate support for its products, including with respect to the aircraft subject to firm orders under our united next plan, the company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. the company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for engines and certain other aircraft parts and could, therefore, also be materially and adversely affected in the event of the unavailability or increased cost of these engines and other aircraft parts.
disruptions to our regional network and united express flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
while the company has contractual relationships that are material to its business with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as united express that include contractually agreed performance metrics, each regional carrier is a separately certificated commercial air carrier, and the company does not control the operations of these carriers. a number of factors may impact the company's regional network, including weather-related effects, seasonality, equipment or software failures and cybersecurity attacks and any significant declines in demand for air travel services, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
in addition, the decrease in qualified pilots driven primarily by changes to federal regulations has adversely impacted and could continue to affect the company's regional flying. for example, the faa's expansion of minimum pilot qualification standards, including a requirement that a pilot have at least 1,500 total flight hours, as well as the faa's revised pilot flight and duty time requirements under part 117 of the federal aviation regulations, have contributed to a smaller supply of pilots available to regional carriers. the decrease in qualified pilots resulting from the regulations as well as other factors, including a decreased student pilot population and a shrinking u.s. military from which to hire qualified pilots, has led to increased competition from large, mainline carriers attempting to meet their hiring needs and has adversely impacted our regional carriers. our regional partners have been unable to hire adequate numbers of pilots to meet their needs, resulting in a reduction in the number of flights offered, disruptions in scheduled flights, increased costs of operations, financial difficulties and other adverse effects and these circumstances may become more severe in the future and thereby cause a material adverse effect on our business. in response, the company has been and may in the future be required to provide additional financial compensation and other support to its regional carriers or reduce its regional carrier flying, which could require the company to fly routes at a greater cost, reduce the number of destinations the company is able to serve or lead to negative public perceptions of the company.
disruptions to our regional networks as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, pilot shortage or other factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the united states and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by u.s. and global economic and political conditions. the airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the u.s. and global economies. robust demand for the company's air transportation services depends largely on favorable economic conditions, including the strength of the domestic and foreign economies, low unemployment levels, strong consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. in addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. in addition, an increase in price levels generally or in price levels in a particular sector (such as current inflation related to domestic and global supply chain issues, which has led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in consumer demand away from both leisure and business travel. during such periods, the company's business and operating results have been and may in the future be adversely affected. significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the company's business and premium cabin travelers and a reduction in fare levels, could lead to a material reduction in revenue, changes to the company's operations and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel.
the company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the company's relationships with these providers or their provision of services to the company, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
the company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of airport ground services, aircraft fueling operations and catering services, among other vital functions and services. although generally the company enters into agreements that define expected service performance and compliance requirements, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to these requirements. accordingly, any of these third-party service providers may materially fail to meet its service performance commitments to the company or may suffer disruptions to its systems that could impact its services. for example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems may cause flight delays or cancellations. the failure of any of the company's third-party service providers to perform their service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the company's revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse publicity or harm to our brand. we may also be subject to consequences from any illegal conduct of our third-party service providers, including for their failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. in addition, the company's business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory.
the company may also have disagreements with such providers or such contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. for example, the number of flight reservations booked through third-party gdss or otas may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the company and these suppliers. such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the company's flight information to be limited or unavailable for display by the affected gds or ota operator, significantly increase fees for both the company and gds/ota users and impair the company's relationships with its customers and travel agencies. any such disruptions or contract terminations may adversely impact our operations and financial results.
if we are not able to negotiate or renew agreements with third-party service providers, or if we renew existing agreements on less favorable terms, our operations and financial results may be adversely affected.
extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our operations, and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner.
the airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the united states and throughout the world. an extended interruption or disruption at one of our hubs or other airports where we have a significant presence resulting from atc delays, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, relations with third-party service providers, failure of computer systems, disruptions to government agencies or personnel (including as a result of government shutdowns), disruptions at airport facilities or other key facilities used by us to manage our operations, labor relations, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities, international hostilities or otherwise could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a material impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. we have a significant portion of our maintenance operations at our sfo airport hub and any disruption or interruption at our sfo hub could have a serious impact on our overall operations. we have minimal control over the operation, quality or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve or continue to provide services that are essential to our business.
in addition, as airports around the world become more congested, space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner because of a number of factors, including capital improvements at such airports being imposed by the relevant airport authority without the company's approval. capital spending projects of airport authorities currently underway and additional projects that we expect to commence over the next several years is expected to result in increased costs to airlines and the traveling public that use those facilities as the airports seek to recover their investments through increased rental, landing and other facility costs. these actions have caused and may continue to cause the company to experience increased space rental rates at various airports in its network, including a number of our hubs and gateways, and increased operating costs. furthermore, the company is not able to control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity, causing certain fixed airport costs to be allocated among fewer total flights and resulting in increased landing fees and other costs for the company.
geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a global business with operations outside of the united states from which it derives significant operating revenues, volatile conditions in certain international regions may have a negative impact on the company's operating results and its ability to achieve its business objectives. the company's international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. political disruptions and instability in certain regions have negatively impacted the demand and network availability for air travel, as well as fuel prices, and may continue to have a negative impact on these and other items. terrorist attacks or international hostilities, even if not made on or targeted directly at the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings, travel restrictions, selective cancellation or redirection of flights and new security regulations) could materially and adversely affect the company and the airline industry. the company's financial resources and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to absorb the adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition, liquidity and operating results. in addition, due to threats against the aviation industry, the company has incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenditures to comply with security-related requirements to mitigate threats and protect the safety of our employees and customers.
any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business or financial results.
we operate in a public-facing industry and maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. the company's reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by any failure to maintain satisfactory practices for all of our operations and activities, any failure to achieve and/or make progress toward our environmental and sustainability goals or our diversity, equity and inclusion goals, public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies, customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, or customer perceptions of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents or other third parties. damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our services could adversely affect our business and financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation.
information technology, cybersecurity and data privacy risks the company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems could materially harm its business.
the company depends on technology and automated systems to operate its business, including, but not limited to, computerized airline reservation systems, electronic tickets, electronic airport kiosks, demand prediction software, flight operations systems, in-flight wireless internet, cloud-based technologies, technical and business operations systems and commercial websites and applications, including www.united.com and the united airlines mobile app. these systems could suffer substantial or repeated disruptions due to various events, some of which are beyond the company's control (including natural disasters, power failures, terrorist attacks, dependencies on third-party technology services, equipment or software failures, cybersecurity attacks or other security breaches and the deployment by certain wireless carriers of new "5g" service networks), which could reduce the attractiveness of the company's services versus those of our competitors, materially impair our ability to market our services and operate our flights, result in the unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, subject us to liability to third parties, regulatory action or contract termination and result in other increased costs, lost revenue and the loss or compromise of important data. as a result, substantial or repeated systems failures or disruptions may adversely affect the company's business, operating results and financial condition. we have resiliency initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place to prevent and mitigate disruptions, and we continue to invest in improvements to these initiatives and plans. we also maintain property and business interruption insurance. however, these measures may not be adequate to prevent or mitigate disruptions or provide coverage for all of the company's associated costs.
the company may also face challenges in implementing, integrating and modifying the automated systems and technology required to operate its business, which may require significant expenditures, human resources, the development of effective internal controls and the transformation of business and financial processes. if the company is unable to timely or effectively implement, integrate or modify its systems and technology, the company's operations could be adversely affected.
increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach may adversely affect the company's business.
in our regular business operations, we collect, process, store and transmit to commercial partners sensitive data, including personal information of our customers and employees such as payment processing information and information of our business partners, to provide our services and operate our business.
the company must manage increasing legislative, regulatory and consumer focus on privacy issues, data security and cybersecurity risk management in a variety of jurisdictions across the globe. for example, the eu's general data protection regulation imposes significant privacy and data security requirements, as well as potential for substantial penalties for non-compliance that have resulted in substantial adverse financial consequences to non-compliant companies. also, some of the company's commercial partners, such as credit card companies, have imposed data security standards that the company must meet. the company will continue its efforts to meet its privacy, data security and cybersecurity risk management obligations; however, it is possible that certain new obligations or customer expectations may be difficult to meet and could require changes in the company's operating processes and increase the company's costs.
additionally, the company must manage the increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. our network, systems and storage applications, and those systems and applications maintained by our third-party commercial partners (such as credit card companies, our regional carriers and international airline partners) may be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access, breach, malfeasance or other system disruptions, including those involving criminal hackers, denial of service attacks, hacktivists, state-sponsored actors, corporate espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. in some cases, it is difficult to anticipate or to detect immediately such incidents and the damage caused thereby. in addition, as attacks by cybercriminals become more sophisticated, frequent and intense, the costs of proactive defense measures have increased and may continue to increase. in addition, several large organizations recently have been affected by "ransomware" attacks, and these highly publicized events may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems or the third party systems on which we rely. furthermore, the company's remote work arrangements make it more vulnerable to targeted activity from cybercriminals and significantly increase the risk of cyberattacks or other security breaches. while we continually work to safeguard our network, systems and applications, including through risk assessments, system monitoring, cybersecurity and data protection security policies, processes and technologies and employee awareness and training, and require third-party security standards, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or data breaches.
any such cyberattacks or data breaches could result in significant costs, including monetary damages, operational impacts, including service interruptions and delays, and reputational harm. furthermore, the loss, disclosure, misappropriation of or access to sensitive company information, customers', employees' or business partners' information or the company's failure to meet its privacy obligations could result in legal claims or proceedings, penalties and remediation costs. a significant data breach or the company's failure to meet its obligations may adversely affect the company's operations, reputation, relationships with our business partners, business, operating results and financial condition.
increased use of social media platforms present risks and challenges.
we are increasing our use of social media to communicate company news and events. the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, customers or other stakeholders. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by our workforce or others, whether intentional or unintentional, through external media channels could lead to information loss.
human capital management risks union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions could adversely affect the company's operations and could result in increased costs that impair its financial performance.
united is a highly unionized company. as of december 31, 2021, the company and its subsidiaries had approximately 84,100 employees, of whom approximately 85% were represented by various u.s. labor organizations (see part i, item 1. business-human capital management and resources, of this report for additional information on our represented employee groups and collective bargaining agreements). there is a risk that unions or individual employees might pursue judicial or arbitral claims arising out of changes implemented as a result of the company entering into collective bargaining agreements with its represented employee groups. there is also a possibility that employees or unions could engage in job actions such as slowdowns, work-to-rule campaigns, sick-outs or other actions designed to disrupt the company's normal operations, in an attempt to pressure the company in collective bargaining negotiations. although the rla makes such actions unlawful until the parties have been lawfully released to self-help, and the company can seek injunctive relief against premature self-help, such actions can cause significant harm even if ultimately enjoined. similarly, if the operations of our third-party regional carriers, ground handlers or other vendors are impacted by labor-related disruptions, our operations could be adversely affected. in addition, collective bargaining agreements with the company's represented employee groups increase the company's labor costs, and such costs could become material.
if we are unable to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees, our business could be adversely affected.
much of our future success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract, train and retain skilled personnel with industry experience and knowledge, including our senior management team and other key employees. competition for qualified talent in the aviation industry is intense, especially during the covid-19 pandemic, and the tight labor markets have led to operational challenges that we expect to continue during 2022. if we are unable to attract, train and retain talented, highly qualified employees or experience a shortage of skilled labor, the cost of hiring and retaining quality talent could materially increase and our operations could continue to be impacted, which could impair our ability to adjust capacity or otherwise execute our strategic operating plan. in addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management or other key employees, our business, ability to execute our strategic operating plan or company culture may be adversely affected.
regulatory, tax, litigation and legal compliance risks the airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, which imposes significant costs and may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
united provides air transportation under certificates of public convenience and necessity issued by the dot. if the dot modified, suspended or revoked these certificates, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. the dot also regulates consumer protection and, through its investigations or rulemaking authority (including, for example, any rulemakings or initiatives in response to the executive order on promoting competition in the american economy issued by the president on july 9, 2021), could impose restrictions that materially impact the company's business. united also operates pursuant to an air carrier operating certificate issued by the faa, and faa orders and directives have previously resulted in the temporary grounding of an entire aircraft type when the faa identifies design, manufacturing, maintenance or other issues requiring immediate corrective action (including the faa emergency airworthiness directive grounding our boeing 777 pratt & whitney powered aircraft), which has had an effect that has been material to the company's business, operating results and financial condition.
in 2018, the u.s. congress approved a five-year reauthorization for the faa, which encompasses a range of policy issues related to aviation tax, airline customer service and aviation safety. depending on how the issues are implemented, our operations and costs could be materially impacted. additionally, the u.s. congress may consider legislation related to environmental issues or increases to the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate, as outlined in the proposed build back better act or otherwise, which could negatively impact the company and the airline industry.
the company's operations may also be adversely impacted due to the existing antiquated atc system utilized by the u.s. government and regulated by the faa, which may not be able to effectively handle projected future air traffic growth. the outdated atc system has led to short-term capacity constraints imposed by government agencies and has resulted in delays and disruptions of air traffic during peak travel periods in certain markets due to its inability to handle demand and reduced resiliency in the event of a failure causing flight cancellations and delays. failure to update the atc system in a timely manner and the substantial funding requirements of a modernized atc system that may be imposed on air carriers may have an adverse impact on the company's financial condition or operating results.
access to slots at several major u.s. airports and many foreign airports served by the company is subject to government regulation on airspace management and competition that might limit the number of slots or change the rules on the use and transfer of slots. if slots are eliminated at one of our hubs or other airports, or if the number of hours of operation governed by slots is reduced at an airport, the lack of controls on take-offs and landings could result in greater congestion both at the affected airport and in the regional airspace and could significantly impact the company's operations. similarly, a government or regulatory agency, including dot, could choose to impose slots at one of our hubs or other airports or grant increased access to another carrier and limit or reduce our operations at an airport, whether or not slot-controlled, which could have significant impact on our operations. the dot (including faa) may limit the company's airport access by limiting the number of departure and arrival slots at congested airports, which could affect the company's ownership and transfer rights, and local airport authorities may have the ability to control access to certain facilities or the cost to access their facilities, which could have an adverse effect on the company's business. if the dot were to take actions that adversely affect the company's slot holdings, the company could incur substantial costs to preserve its slots or may lose slots.
the company currently operates a number of flights on international routes under government arrangements, regulations or policies that designate the number of carriers permitted to operate on such routes, the capacity of the carriers providing services on such routes, the airports at which carriers may operate international flights or the number of carriers allowed access to particular airports. applicable arrangements between the united states and foreign governments (such as open skies) may be amended from time to time, government policies with respect to airport operations may be revised and the availability of appropriate slots or facilities may change, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition and operating results and could result in the impairment of material amounts of related tangible and intangible assets. for instance, the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in increased regulatory burdens in the u.s. and around the globe, which include closure of international borders to flights and/or passengers from specific countries, passenger and crew quarantine requirements and other regulations promulgated to protect public health but that have had and may continue to have a negative impact on travel and airline operations.
in addition, disruptions to the company's business could result from the deployment by certain wireless carriers of new "5g" cellular networks, which, due to potential interference with aircraft systems, could cause flights to be cancelled or diverted, which in turn could affect consumer perceptions of the safety of air travel. thus far, regulators have addressed potential "5g" interference on a temporary and piecemeal basis tailored to specific aircraft and airports and uncertainty over the nature, extent, timing and duration of limitations on aircraft operations as a result of "5g" deployment is anticipated to continue over the near term. systematic regulation of "5g" cellular networks may not occur in the near term, or may not involve terms that are favorable to the company.
in addition, competition from revenue-sharing jbas and other alliance arrangements by and among other airlines could impair the value of the company's business and assets on the open skies routes. the company's plans to enter into or expand u.s. antitrust immunized alliances and jbas on various international routes are subject to receipt of approvals from applicable u.s. federal authorities and other applicable foreign government clearances or satisfaction of other applicable regulatory requirements. there can be no assurance that such approvals and clearances will be granted or will continue in effect upon further regulatory review or that changes in regulatory requirements or standards can be satisfied.
see part i, item 1. business-industry regulation, of this report for additional information on government regulation impacting the company.
current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or agreement relating to these actions, could have a material adverse impact on the company.
from time to time, we are subject to litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or investigations or other actions by governmental agencies, including as described in part i, item 3. legal proceedings, of this report. in addition, the company is subject to an increased risk of litigation and other proceedings as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and responsive measures. for example, the company is involved in litigation relating to its vaccination requirements for employees. no assurances can be given that the results of these or new matters will be favorable to us. an adverse resolution of lawsuits, arbitrations, investigations or other proceedings or actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results, including as a result of non-monetary remedies, and could also result in adverse publicity. defending ourselves in these matters may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations and may result in significant expense and a diversion of management's time and attention from the operation of our business, which could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives. additionally, any amount that we may be required to pay to satisfy a judgment, settlement, fine or penalty may not be covered by insurance. if we fail to comply with the terms contained in any settlement, order or agreement with a governmental authority relating to these matters, we could be subject to criminal or civil penalties, which could have a material adverse impact on the company. under our charter and certain indemnification agreements that we have entered into (and may in the future enter into) with our officers, directors and certain third parties, we could be required to indemnify and advance expenses to them in connection with their involvement in certain actions, suits, investigations and other proceedings. any of these payments may be material.
we are subject to many forms of environmental regulation and liability and risks associated with climate change and may incur substantial costs as a result. in addition, failure to achieve or demonstrate progress towards our climate goals may expose us to liability and reputational harm.
many aspects of the company's operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws protecting the environment, including those relating to water discharges, safe drinking water and the use and management of hazardous materials and wastes. compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures and operational changes and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties and reputational harm. in addition, from time to time we are identified as a responsible party for environmental investigation and remediation costs under applicable environmental laws due to the disposal of hazardous substances generated by our operations. we could also be subject to environmental liability claims from various parties, including airport authorities and other third parties, related to our operations at our owned or leased premises or the off-site disposal of waste generated at our facilities.
as discussed in part i, item 1. business-environmental, social and governance approach and highlights-climate strategy, the company has made several commitments regarding its intended reduction of carbon emissions, including becoming 100% green by eliminating its ghg emissions by 2050 and by reducing its carbon intensity by 50% by 2035 compared to 2019. the company has incurred, and expects to continue to incur, costs to achieve its goal of net zero carbon emissions and to comply with environmental sustainability legislation and regulation and non-binding standards and accords. such activity may require the company to modify its supply chain practices, make capital investments to modify certain aspects of its operations or increase its operating costs (including fuel costs). the precise nature of future binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords, which is an increased focus of global, national and regional regulators, is difficult to predict and the financial impact to the company would likely be significant if future legal standards do not align with the company's plans to achieve its climate goals or if proposed u.s. legislation to accelerate the production of saf development fails to be enacted into law. for instance, corsia-related costs cannot be fully predicted at this time, but the program is expected to increase operating costs for airlines that operate internationally. there is also a risk that the increased regulatory focus on airline ghg emissions could result in a patchwork of inconsistent or conflicting regional requirements that could unduly shift excessive cost burden to airlines and inhibit the development of carbon reduction technologies that the company needs to reach its climate goals.
there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our climate goals will be achieved or that any future investments that we make in furtherance of achieving our climate goals will produce the expected results or meet increasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance expectations. moreover, future events could lead the company to prioritize other nearer-term interests over progressing toward our current climate goals based on business strategy, economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or potential pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. if we are unable to meet or properly report on our progress toward achieving our climate change goals and commitments, we could face adverse publicity and reactions from other investors, activist groups, or other stakeholders, which could result in reputational harm or other adverse effects to the company.
the company is likely to incur substantial costs and operational disruptions as a result of increases in the frequency, severity or duration of severe weather events caused by climate change (including thunderstorms, hurricanes, flooding, typhoons, tornados and other severe weather events) that could result in increases in delays and cancellations, turbulence-related injuries and fuel consumption to avoid such weather, any of which could result in significant loss of revenue and higher costs. in addition, we could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and supply chain and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate change. we are not able to predict accurately the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the effects of climate change.
see part i, item 1. business-industry regulation-environmental regulation, of this report for additional information on environmental regulation impacting the company.
market, liquidity, accounting and financial risks high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel could have a material adverse impact on the company's strategic plans, operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
aircraft fuel is critical to the company's operations and is one of our largest operating expenses. during the year ended december 31, 2021, the company's fuel expense was approximately $5.8 billion. the timely and adequate supply of fuel to meet operational demand depends on the continued availability of reliable fuel supply sources as well as related service and delivery infrastructure. although the company has some ability to cover short-term fuel supply and infrastructure disruptions at some major demand locations, it depends significantly on the continued performance of its vendors and service providers to maintain supply integrity. consequently, the company can neither predict nor guarantee the continued timely availability of aircraft fuel throughout the company's system.
aircraft fuel has historically been the company's most volatile operating expense due to the highly unpredictable nature of market prices for fuel. the company generally sources fuel at prevailing market prices, which have historically fluctuated substantially in short periods of time and continue to be highly volatile due to a multitude of unpredictable factors beyond the company's control, including changes in global crude oil prices, the balance between aircraft fuel supply and demand, natural disasters, prevailing inventory levels and fuel production and transportation infrastructure. prices of fuel are also impacted by indirect factors, such as geopolitical events, economic growth indicators, fiscal/monetary policies, fuel tax policies, changes in regulations, environmental concerns and financial investments in energy markets. both actual changes in these factors, as well as changes in related market expectations, can potentially drive rapid changes in fuel prices in short periods of time. rising fuel prices can also lead to constraints on the company's regional partners, reduced capital available for other spending or other outcomes that could adversely impact the company.
given the highly competitive nature of the airline industry, the company has not been able to previously, and may not be able to in the future, increase its fares and fees sufficiently to offset the full impact of increases in fuel prices, especially if these increases are significant, rapid and sustained. further, any such fare or fee increase may not be sustainable, may reduce the general demand for air travel and may also eventually impact the company's operations, strategic growth and investment plans for the future. in addition, decreases in fuel prices for an extended period of time may result in increased industry capacity, increased competitive actions for market share and lower fares or surcharges. if fuel prices were to then subsequently rise quickly, there may be a lag between the rise in fuel prices and any improvement of the revenue environment.
the company does not currently hedge its future fuel requirements. however, to the extent the company decides to start a hedging program to hedge a portion of its future fuel requirements, such hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs and any price protection provided may be limited due to the choice of hedging instruments and market conditions, including breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of aircraft fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that the company decides to use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit the company's ability to benefit fully from lower fuel prices in the future. if fuel prices decline significantly from the levels existing at the time the company enters into a hedge contract, the company may be required to post collateral (margin) beyond certain thresholds. there can be no assurance that the company's hedging arrangements, if any, would provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that its counterparties will be able to perform under the company's hedging arrangements. additionally, deterioration in the company's financial condition could negatively affect its ability to enter into hedge contracts in the future.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations and may seek material amounts of additional financial liquidity in the short-term, and insufficient liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and business.
the company has a significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, including aircraft lease and debt financings, leases of airport property, secured bonds, secured loan facilities and other facilities, and other material cash obligations. in addition, the company has substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including for the acquisition of new and used aircraft and related spare engines. if the company's liquidity is materially diminished, the company's substantial level of indebtedness, the company's non-investment grade credit ratings and the lack of availability of company assets as collateral for loans or other indebtedness may make it difficult for the company to raise additional capital if needed to meet its liquidity needs on acceptable terms, or at all, and the company may not be able to timely pay its leases and debts or comply with material provisions of its contractual obligations, including covenants under its financing and credit card processing agreements.
in addition to the foregoing, the degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences to holders of our securities, including the following: (1) we must dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on applicable indebtedness, which, in turn, reduces funds available for operations and capital expenditures; (2) our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete may be limited; (3) we may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness; (4) we are rendered more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (5) we are exposed to increased interest rate risk given that a portion of our indebtedness obligations are at variable interest rates; and (6) our credit ratings may be reduced and our debt and equity securities may significantly decrease in value.
see part ii, item 7., management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of this report for additional information regarding the company's liquidity.
agreements governing our debt include financial and other covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could result in events of default.
our financing agreements include various financial and other covenants. certain of these covenants require ual or united, as applicable, to maintain minimum liquidity and/or minimum collateral coverage ratios. ual's or united's ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond its control, including the overall industry revenue environment, the level of fuel costs and the appraised value of the collateral. in addition, our financing agreements contain other negative covenants customary for such financings. if we fail to comply with these covenants and are unable to remedy or obtain a waiver or amendment, an event of default would result.
if an event of default were to occur, the lenders could, among other things, declare outstanding amounts immediately due and payable. in addition, an event of default or declaration of acceleration under one financing agreement could also result in an event of default under other of our financing agreements due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. the acceleration of significant amounts of debt could require us to renegotiate, repay or refinance the obligations under our financing arrangements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
the mileageplus financing agreements in particular contain stringent covenants, limit our flexibility to manage our capital structure and limit our ability to make financial and operational changes to the mileageplus program. if we were to default under the mileageplus financing agreements, the lenders' exercise of remedies could result in our loss of the mileageplus program, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. as a result we may take actions to ensure that the mileageplus financing debt is satisfied or that the lenders' remedies under such debt are not exercised, potentially to the detriment of our other creditors.
the proposed phase out of the london interbank offer rate could have a material adverse effect on us.
there is currently uncertainty around the phase out of london interbank offered rates ("libor"). as of december 31, 2021, the company had $13.0 billion in variable rate indebtedness, all or a portion of which uses libor as a benchmark for establishing applicable rates. in july 2017, the united kingdom regulator that regulates libor announced its intention to phase out libor rates by the end of 2021. however, the ice benchmark administration, in its capacity as administrator of usd-libor, has announced that it intends to extend publication of usd libor (other than one-week and two-month tenors) by 18 months to june 2023. notwithstanding this possible extension, a joint statement by key regulatory authorities calls on banks to cease entering into new contracts that use usd-libor as a reference rate by no later than december 31, 2021. the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of large u.s. financial institutions, has proposed replacing usd-libor with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements - the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). at this time, uncertainty remains as to what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, and it is impossible to predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide libor submissions to the administrator of libor and whether libor rates presently expected to be published until june 2023 will cease to be so published or supported before or after such time. we have issued variable rate debt based on libor and have undertaken interest rate swaps that contain a variable element based on libor. while many of our libor-based obligations provide for alternative methods of calculating the interest rate payable if libor is not reported, the extent and manner of any future changes with respect to methods of calculating libor or replacing libor with another benchmark remain uncertain and impossible to predict at this time, and changes to implement a replacement benchmark may require renegotiation of relevant agreements. we have also entered into certain agreements that look to sofr as an alternative interest rate method to libor, with the potential for spread adjustments, and we cannot predict what the impact of these agreements and any transition to or use of sofr could have on us. although sofr appears to be the preferred replacement rate for usd libor at this time, if the financial market coalesces around an alternative benchmark rate method to libor that is different than sofr, we may need to renegotiate these agreements. we may be negatively impacted by renegotiated terms in connection with any replacements to libor as a benchmark, which may adversely affect our interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs that we cannot predict. in addition, the phase out or replacement of libor could cause disruptions in the credit markets that lead to a downgrade of our current credit rating, which could increase our future borrowing costs and our cost of capital, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us and adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources.
the company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for u.s. federal income tax purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of ual common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels.
as of december 31, 2021, ual reported consolidated u.s. federal net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards of approximately $9.9 billion. the company's ability to use its nol carryforwards and certain other tax attributes will depend on the amount of taxable income it generates in future periods and, as a result, certain of the company's nol carryforwards and other tax attributes may expire before it can generate sufficient taxable income to use them in full. in addition, the company's ability to use its nol carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be limited if it experiences an "ownership change" as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. potential future transactions involving the sale or issuance of ual common stock may increase the possibility that the company will experience a future "ownership change" under section 382. such transactions may include the exercise of warrants issued in connection with the cares act programs, the issuance of ual common stock for cash, the conversion of any future convertible debt, the repurchase of any debt with the company's common stock, the acquisition or disposition of any stock by a stockholder owning 5% or more of the outstanding shares of ual common stock, or a combination of the foregoing.
at the company's annual meeting of stockholders held on may 26, 2021, the company's stockholders approved a tax benefits preservation plan (the "plan") in order to preserve the company's ability to use its nols and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. the plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that the company experiences an "ownership change" by deterring certain acquisitions of company securities. there is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism in the plan will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. in addition, the plan may adversely affect the marketability of ual common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring ual common stock or additional shares of ual common stock because any non-exempt third party that acquires 4.9% or more of the then-outstanding shares of ual common stock would suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest in the company.
the company may never realize the full value of its intangible assets or its long-lived assets causing it to record impairments that may negatively affect its financial condition and operating results.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, the company is required to test its indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently where there is an indication of impairment, and certain of its other assets for impairment where there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. the company may be required to recognize losses in the future due to, among other factors, extreme fuel price volatility, tight credit markets, government regulatory changes, decline in the fair values of certain tangible or intangible assets, such as our aircraft, route authorities, airport slots and frequent flyer database, unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows and an uncertain economic environment, as well as other uncertainties. for example, during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021, the company recorded $97 million of impairments, which includes impairments resulting from current market conditions for used aircraft that are being held for sale and the decision to retire 50-seat regional aircraft as a result of the united next order. also in 2020, the company recognized $130 million of impairment charges related to its china routes, which were primarily caused by the covid-19 pandemic, the company's subsequent suspension of flights to china and a further delay in the expected return of full capacity to the china markets. adverse changes to our forecasted results caused by covid-19 or other factors could require the company to recognize additional impairments to its china route indefinite-lived intangible assets in future periods. the company can provide no assurance that a material impairment loss of tangible or intangible assets will not occur in a future period.
the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly.
the closing price for our common stock has varied between a high of $62.45 and a low of $39.06 in the year ended december 31, 2021. volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent holders from selling shares at or above the prices paid for them. the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons which include: the market reaction to the covid-19 pandemic and our responses thereto; the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock; changes in the prices or availability of oil or jet fuel; our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; the public's reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the sec; changes in our earnings or recommendations by research analysts who track our common stock or the stock of other airlines; changes in general conditions in the united states and global economy, financial markets or airline industry, including those resulting from changes in fuel prices or fuel shortages, war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics or responses to such events; changes in the competitive landscape for the airline industry, including any changes resulting from industry consolidation whether or not involving our company; our liquidity position; and the other risks described in these "risk factors."
in addition, in recent periods, the stock market has experienced extreme declines and volatility. this volatility has had a significant negative impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including us and other companies in our industry.
the company's operating results fluctuate due to seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry, many of which are beyond the company's control.
due to greater demand for air travel during the spring and summer months, revenues in the airline industry in the second and third quarters of the year are generally stronger than revenues in the first and fourth quarters of the year, which are periods of lower travel demand. the company's operating results generally reflect this seasonality but have also been impacted by numerous other factors that are not necessarily seasonal, including, among others, extreme or severe weather, outbreaks of disease, public health issues (including global health epidemics or pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic as well as the potential increased government restrictions and regulation), atc congestion, geological events, political instability, terrorism, natural disasters, changes in the competitive environment due to industry consolidation, tax obligations, general economic conditions and other factors, as well as related consumer perceptions. as a result, the company's quarterly operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year, and historical operating results in a quarterly or annual period are not necessarily indicative of future operating results. major global public health issues, including pandemics such as the covid-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the company.
increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage may materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
the company maintains insurance policies, including, but not limited to, terrorism, aviation hull and liability, workers' compensation and property and business interruption insurance, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. if the company is unable to obtain sufficient insurance with acceptable terms, the costs of such insurance increase materially, or if the coverage obtained is unable to pay or is insufficient relative to actual liability or losses that the company experiences, whether due to insurance market conditions, policy limitations and exclusions or otherwise, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k and the description of our business and reportable segments in item 1 above to enhance the understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
this section generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. discussions of 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 are not included in this form 10-k and can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020 filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec") on march 1, 2021 (the "2020 annual report").
as ual consolidates united for financial statement purposes, disclosures that relate to activities of united also apply to ual, unless otherwise noted. united's operating revenues and operating expenses comprise nearly 100% of ual's revenues and operating expenses. in addition, united comprises approximately the entire balance of ual's assets, liabilities and operating cash flows. when appropriate, ual and united are named specifically for their individual contractual obligations and related disclosures and any significant differences between the operations and results of ual and united are separately disclosed and explained. we sometimes use the words "we," "our," "us," and the "company" in this report for disclosures that relate to all of ual and united.
our business and operating results for 2021 continued to be significantly impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. given the more significant impact of the pandemic on our business and operating results in 2020, we believe that a comparison of our 2021 results to 2019 for certain key metrics in this financial overview discussion is more reflective of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic.
our current expectations described below are forward-looking statements and our actual results and timing may vary materially based on various factors that include, but are not limited to, those discussed below under "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" and in part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this form 10-k. the company is unable to reconcile forward-looking projections to accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"); refer to "supplemental information" below for further details.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic, together with the measures implemented or recommended by governmental authorities and private organizations in response to the pandemic, has had an adverse impact that has been material to the company's business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. the company has seen increasing demand for travel both domestically and in countries where entry is permitted; however, as the situation surrounding the covid-19 pandemic remains fluid, the pandemic has continued to negatively impact travel demand. it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the company's longer-term operational and financial performance, which will depend on a number of future developments, many of which are outside the company's control, such as the ultimate duration of and factors impacting the recovery from the pandemic (including the efficacy and speed of vaccination programs in curbing the spread of the virus in different markets, the efficacy and availability of various treatment options, the introduction and spread of new variants of the virus that may be resistant to currently approved vaccines or treatment options, and the continuation of existing or implementation of new government travel restrictions), customer behavior changes and fluctuations in demand for air travel, among others. the covid-19 pandemic and the measures taken in response may continue to impact many aspects of our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity in a number of ways, including labor shortages (including reductions in available skilled labor and related impacts to the company's flight schedules and reputation), facility closures and related costs, disruptions to the company's and its business partners' operations, reduced travel demand and consumer spending, increased fuel and other operating costs, supply chain disruptions, logistics constraints, inflation, volatility in the price of our securities, our ability to access capital markets and volatility in the global economy and financial markets generally.
we have reduced our capacity as we managed through the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which in 2021 remained significantly lower than capacity prior to the pandemic and resulted in a significant reduction to our revenue through the date of this report. we operated at approximately 63% of our full year 2019 capacity during the full year of 2021. we have delayed a portion of our previously planned capacity increases for full year 2022 and may need to implement further modifications. the company is taking steps to be prepared for recovery as demand for travel continues to generally increase, which include investing in innovative technology, focusing on process improvements and implementing the united next transformative strategy.
we have taken steps to strengthen our financial position during this period of market uncertainty, which has resulted in an increase of our overall debt levels. as of december 31, 2021, unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $18.4 billion, an increase of approximately $13.5 billion from december 31, 2019. we had approximately $41.1 billion of debt, finance lease, operating lease and sale-leaseback obligations as of december 31, 2021 (including $4.5 billion that will become due in the next 12 months), up from approximately $20.5 billion as of december 31, 2019.
the company's recovery from the covid-19 pandemic has not followed a linear path, and due to the significant uncertainty that remains, its future operating performance, particularly in the short-term, may be subject to volatility. risks and uncertainties related to the covid-19 pandemic are further described in part i, item 1a. risk factors- "the covid-19 pandemic has materially and adversely impacted our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. the full extent of the impact will depend on future developments and how quickly we can return to more normal operations, among other things. if the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic extend beyond our assumed timelines, our actual results may vary significantly from our expectations" of this report.
capacity. the company expects its scheduled capacity for full year 2022 to be down versus 2019.
adjusted cost per available seat mile ("casm-ex"). the company expects full year 2022 casm-ex (a non-gaap financial measure defined as casm excluding fuel, profit sharing, third-party business expense and special charges; see "supplemental information" below) to be higher than 2019.
strategic objectives in the second quarter of 2021, united announced its united next plan, which we believe will have a transformational effect on the customer experience and earnings power of the business. it is expected to increase united's average gauge in north america, the total number of available seats per departure, by almost 30% by 2026 versus 2019, as well as significantly lower carbon emissions per seat. new aircraft will come with a new signature interior that includes seat-back entertainment in every seat, larger overhead bins for every passenger's carry-on bag and the industry's fastest available in-flight wifi, as well as a bright look-and-feel with led lighting. new aircraft are expected to increase north america premium seat counts by 75% per short-haul departure by 2026 versus 2019. the company plans to replace older, smaller mainline jets and at least 200 single-class regional jets with larger aircraft, which we expect will lead to significant sustainability benefits compared to older planes: an expected 11% overall improvement in fuel efficiency and an expected 17-20% lower carbon emission per seat compared to older planes. we believe united next will allow us to differentiate our network and segment our products with a greater premium offering, while also maintaining fare competitiveness with low-cost carriers.
results of operations select financial data and operating statistics are provided in the tables below:
operating revenue                       $24,634                    $15,355                 $43,259
operating expense                        25,656                     21,714                  38,958
operating income (loss)                 (1,022)                    (6,359)                   4,301
nonoperating expense, net               (1,535)                    (2,463)                   (387)
income tax expense (benefit)              (593)                    (1,753)                     905
passenger load factor (d)                                                                                                  72.2                         %                                                                                                                              60.2                         %                                                                                                                              84.0                         %
employee headcount, as of december 31                                                                                                              84,100                                                                                                                                                      74,400                                                                                                                                                      95,900
(a)the number of revenue passengers measured by each flight segment flown.(b)the number of scheduled miles flown by revenue passengers.(c)the number of cargo revenue tons transported multiplied by the number of miles flown.(d)rpms divided by asms.(e)the average passenger revenue received for each revenue passenger mile flown.(f)average stage length equals the average distance a flight travels weighted for size of aircraft.
operating revenue. the table below illustrates the year-over-year percentage change in the company's operating revenues for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2021                                         2020                                  increase (decrease)                % change passenger revenue               $20,197                 $11,805                        $8,392                        71.1
other operating revenue           2,088                   1,902                           186                         9.8
total operating revenue         $24,634                 $15,355                        $9,279                        60.4
the table below presents passenger revenue and select operating data of the company, broken out by geographic region, expressed as year-over-year changes:
passenger load factor (points)                       16.7                         10.2                       (23.9)                          3.8                        12.0
passenger revenue increased $8.4 billion, or 71.1%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the demand for air travel as a result of the increased availability of covid-19 vaccines and the easing of travel and quarantine restrictions in the united states and various other jurisdictions.
cargo revenue increased $701 million, or 42.5%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to stronger yields on freight revenue and higher cargo tonnage from increased wide-body departures of passenger flights as well as cargo-only flights.
other operating revenue increased $186 million, or 9.8%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in mileage revenue from non-airline partners, including the company's co-branded credit card partner, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a.
operating expense. the table below includes data related to the company's operating expense for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2021                                                                                     2020                 increase (decrease)                % change salaries and related costs                                  $9,566                  $9,522                           $44                         0.5
regional capacity purchase                                   2,147                   2,039                           108                         5.3
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs           1,316                     858                           458                        53.4
special charges (credits)                                  (3,367)                 (2,616)                           751                               nm other operating expenses                                     4,433                   3,486                           947                        27.2
total operating expenses                                   $25,656                 $21,714                        $3,942                        18.2
salaries and related costs increased $44 million, or 0.5%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in front-line employees' wages as a result of higher flight activity, partially offset by a $225 million increase in tax credits provided by the employee retention credit under the cares act.
aircraft fuel expense increased $2.6 billion, or 82.5%, in 2021 as compared to 2020. the table below presents the significant changes in aircraft fuel cost per gallon for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes and per gallon data):
change fuel expense                                       $5,755                  $3,153                  82.5
landing fees and other rent increased $289 million, or 13.6%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to an increase in the number of flights and passengers. the increase was not directly proportionate to the volume of activity as some landing fees and other rents are fixed.
regional capacity purchase costs increased $108 million, or 5.3%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to increased regional flying and increased pass-through maintenance costs.
aircraft maintenance materials and outside repairs increased $458 million, or 53.4%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to higher volumes of flying and increased heavy check maintenance events.
distribution expenses increased $218 million, or 47.5%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to higher credit card fees and commissions and a higher volume of global distribution fees as a result of the overall increase in passenger revenue. distribution expenses were also impacted by the mix of leisure travel versus business travel, which requires the use of different distribution channels and forms of payment.
severance and benefit costs                                               438                       575
impairment of assets                                                       97                       318
(gains) losses on sale of assets and other special charges                119                        27
see note 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
other operating expenses increased $947 million, or 27.2%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to increases in ground handling, passenger services and personnel-related costs as a direct result of increased flying and higher expenditures on information technology projects.
nonoperating income (expense). the following table illustrates the year-over-year dollar and percentage changes in the company's nonoperating income (expense) for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentage changes):
2021                                                                                      2020                 increase (decrease)                  % change interest expense                                         $(1,657)                  $(1,063)                          $594                          55.9
interest capitalized                                           80                        71      9                                                 12.7
miscellaneous, net                                             40                   (1,327)                       (1,367)                                 nm total nonoperating expense, net                          $(1,535)                  $(2,463)                        $(928)                        (37.7)
interest expense increased $594 million, or 55.9%, in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the issuance of additional debt, mainly in the second half of 2020 and first half of 2021, to provide additional liquidity to the company during the covid-19 pandemic.
unrealized losses on investments, net decreased $160 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the change in the market value of the company's investments in equity securities. see notes 9 and 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
miscellaneous, net expense decreased $1.4 billion in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the $697 million of credit loss allowances associated with the company's term loan agreement with, among others, brw aviation holding llc and brw aviation llc and the related guarantee and $687 million in settlement losses and special termination benefits related to voluntary separation programs under the company's defined benefit pension plan covering certain non-pilot u.s. employees and postretirement medical programs recorded in 2020. see notes 7, 8, 13 and 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
income taxes. see note 6 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information related to income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2021, the company had $18.4 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, an increase of approximately $6.7 billion from december 31, 2020. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated liquidity needs for the next twelve months, and we expect to meet our long-term liquidity needs with our anticipated access to the capital markets and projected cash from operations. we regularly assess our anticipated working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturities, capital expenditure requirements (including in connection with our capital commitments for our firm order aircraft) and future investments or acquisitions in order to maximize shareholder return, efficiently finance our ongoing operations and maintain flexibility for future strategic transactions. we also regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access and lower cost of capital are efficiently managed. we expect to maintain an elevated level of liquidity in the near term as we navigate through 2022, which may lead to the issuance of additional debt securities, the repurchase or redemption of debt securities prior to maturity or the issuance of common stock, as well as to the pursuit of financing options for our firm aircraft orders and other related capital expenditures consistent with our historical practice prior to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. while we have been able to access the capital markets to meet our significant long-term debt and finance lease obligations and future commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of aircraft and related spare engines, we must return to profitability in order to service our debt and maintain appropriate liquidity levels for our long-term operating needs. for 2022, the company expects approximately $5.9 billion of gross capital expenditures (including expenditures for assets acquired through the issuance of debt, finance leases and other financial liabilities). see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on commitments.
the revolving credit and guaranty agreement, under the term loan credit and guaranty agreement (the "2021 term loan facility"), provides revolving loan commitments of up to $1.75 billion until april 21, 2025, subject to certain customary conditions. no borrowings were outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2021. in addition, the company has backstop financing commitments available from certain of its aircraft manufacturers for a limited number of its future aircraft deliveries, subject to certain customary conditions.
we have a significant amount of fixed obligations, including debt, leases of aircraft, airport and other facilities, and pension funding obligations. as of december 31, 2021, the company had approximately $41.1 billion of debt, finance lease, operating lease and sale-leaseback obligations, including $4.5 billion that will become due in the next 12 months. in addition, we have substantial noncancelable commitments for capital expenditures, including the acquisition of certain new aircraft and related spare engines.
our debt agreements contain customary terms and conditions as well as various affirmative, negative and financial covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and pay dividends or repurchase stock. as of december 31, 2021, ual and united were in compliance with their respective debt covenants.
as of december 31, 2021, a substantial portion of the company's assets, principally aircraft and certain related assets, its loyalty program, route authorities and airport slots, was pledged under various loan and other agreements.
see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on aircraft financing and other debt instruments.
operating activities                                                          $2,067                  $(4,133)                  $6,909
see the statements of consolidated cash flows include in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
operating activities. cash flows provided by operating activities for 2021 were higher than 2020 primarily due to improvements in the demand for passenger travel as well as total government grant funding provided under the psp2 and psp3 agreements, discussed below, partially offset by operating losses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
in 2021, united entered into two payroll support program extension agreements (collectively, the "psp2 and psp3 agreements") with the u.s. treasury department ("treasury") providing the company with total funding of approximately $5.8 billion, pursuant to the payroll support program. these funds were used to pay for the wages, salaries and benefits of united employees, including the payment of lost wages, salaries and benefits to returning employees who were previously impacted by involuntary furloughs. approximately $4.1 billion was provided as a direct grant and $1.7 billion as indebtedness evidenced by two 10-year senior unsecured promissory notes (collectively, the "psp2 and psp3 notes"). see note 2 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information on the warrants issued in connection with the psp2 and psp3 notes and note 10 to such financial statements for a discussion of the psp2 and psp3 notes.
investing activities. capital expenditures were $2.1 billion and $1.7 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively, mainly related to advance deposits for future aircraft purchases. also, maturities and sales of short-term and other investments provided $0.4 billion of liquidity in 2021 as compared to $2.3 billion in 2020.
financing activities. significant financing events in 2021 were as follows:
debt, finance lease and other financing liability principal payments. during 2021, the company made payments for debt, finance leases, and other financing liabilities of $5.2 billion. the company:
repaid in full the $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under the term loan facility included in the amended and restated credit and guaranty agreement, dated as of march 29, 2017 (the "2017 credit agreement");
repaid in full the $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility included in the 2017 credit agreement;
repaid in full the $520 million aggregate principal amount outstanding under the loan and guarantee agreement, dated as of september 28, 2020, among united, ual, treasury and the bank of new york mellon, as administrative agent, as amended, which was entered into pursuant to the loan program established pursuant to the cares act; and
made $1.9 billion of aircraft-related debt principal payments.
$4.0 billion from two series of notes, consisting of $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior secured notes due 2026 and $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior secured notes due 2029;
$600 million from the enhanced equipment trust certificates ("eetc") pass-through trusts established in february 2021.
see note 10 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
share issuances. during 2021, the company raised approximately $532 million in net cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of ual common stock through "at the market offerings" under equity distribution agreements entered into in june 2020 and march 2021.
significant financing events in 2020 were as follows:
debt issuances. during 2020, united received and recorded $16.8 billion from various credit agreements, including the mileageplus financing (as defined in part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this report), loans provided under the cares act and eetc pass-through trusts established in september 2019 and october 2020. in 2020, united had recorded approximately $159 million of debt to finance the construction of an aircraft maintenance and ground service equipment complex at los angeles international airport.
debt and finance lease principal payments. during 2020, the company made debt and finance lease principal payments of $4.4 billion.
share issuances. during 2020, the company raised approximately $2.1 billion in cash proceeds from the issuance and sale of ual common stock through "at the market offerings" under an equity distribution agreement entered into in june 2020.
share repurchases. in 2020, ual's board of directors terminated the share repurchase program. in 2020, prior to the termination of the program, ual repurchased approximately 4 million shares of ual common stock in open market transactions for $0.3 billion.
for additional information regarding these liquidity and capital resource matters, see notes 2, 10, 11 and 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report. for information regarding non-cash investing and financing activities, see the company's statements of consolidated cash flows. for a discussion of the company's sources and uses of cash in 2020 as compared to 2019, see "liquidity and capital resources" in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the 2020 annual report.
credit ratings. as of the filing date of this report, ual and united had the following corporate credit ratings:
*the credit agency does not issue corporate credit ratings for subsidiary entities.
these credit ratings are below investment grade levels; however, the company has been able to secure financing with investment grade credit ratings for certain eetcs, term loans and secured bond financings. downgrades from these rating levels, among other things, could restrict the availability, or increase the cost, of future financing for the company as well as affect the fair market value of existing debt. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
other liquidity matters below is a summary of additional liquidity matters. see the indicated notes to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional details related to these and other matters affecting our liquidity and commitments.
leases and capacity purchase agreements         note 11
the company's business is capital intensive, requiring significant amounts of capital to fund the acquisition of assets, particularly aircraft. in the past, the company has funded the acquisition of aircraft with cash, by using eetc financing, by entering into finance or operating leases, or through other financings. the company also often enters into long-term lease commitments with airports to ensure access to terminal, cargo, maintenance and other required facilities.
the table below provides a summary of the company's current and long-term material cash requirements as of december 31, 2021 (in billions):
operating leases (c)                                         0.9                   0.8                   0.8                   0.6                   0.6                     4.0                        7.7
postretirement benefit payments (f)                          0.1                   0.1                   0.1                   0.1                   0.1                     0.4                        0.9
capital and other purchases (h)                              5.7                   6.9                   5.0                   4.3                   3.3                     8.9                       34.1
(a)long-term debt presented in the company's financial statements is net of $513 million of debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs which are being amortized over the debt terms. cash requirements do not include the debt discount, premiums and debt issuance costs.
(b)future interest payments on variable rate debt were determined using the rates as of december 31, 2021.
(c)represents future payments under fixed rate lease obligations. see note 11 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information on variable rate and short-term operating leases.
(d)represents future payments under leases that have not yet commenced and are not included in the consolidated balance sheet. see note 11 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for information on these leases.
(e)represents our estimates of future minimum noncancelable commitments under our cpas and does not include the portion of the underlying obligations for aircraft and facility rent that is disclosed as part of operating lease obligations. amounts also exclude a portion of united's finance lease obligations recorded for certain of its cpas. see note 11 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for the significant assumptions used to estimate the payments.
(f)amounts represent postretirement benefit payments through 2031. benefit payments approximate plan contributions as plans are substantially unfunded.
(g)represents an estimate of the minimum funding requirements as determined by government regulations for united's u.s. pension plans. amounts are subject to change based on numerous assumptions, including the performance of assets in the plans and bond rates.
(h)represents contractual commitments for firm order aircraft, spare engines and other capital purchase commitments. see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a discussion of our purchase commitments.
in addition to the material cash requirements discussed above, the company has made certain guarantees that could have a material future effect on the company's cash requirements:
letters of credit and surety bonds. as of december 31, 2021, united had approximately $438 million of letters of credit and surety bonds securing various obligations with expiration dates through 2031. certain of these amounts are cash collateralized and reported within restricted cash on our statement of financial position. see note 13 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for more information related to these letters of credit and surety bonds.
guarantee of debt of others. as of december 31, 2021, united is the guarantor of $106 million of aircraft mortgage debt issued by one of united's regional carriers. the aircraft mortgage debt is subject to increased cost provisions and the company would potentially be responsible for those costs under the guarantees. the increased cost provisions in the $106 million of aircraft mortgage debt are similar to those in certain of the company's debt agreements. see discussion under increased cost provisions, below, for additional information on increased cost provisions related to the company's debt.
fuel consortia. united participates in numerous fuel consortia with other air carriers at major airports to reduce the costs of fuel distribution and storage. interline agreements govern the rights and responsibilities of the consortia members and provide for the allocation of the overall costs to operate the consortia based on usage. the consortia (and in limited cases, the participating carriers) have entered into long-term agreements to lease certain airport fuel storage and distribution facilities that are typically financed through tax-exempt bonds, either special facilities lease revenue bonds or general airport revenue bonds, issued by various local municipalities. in general, each consortium lease agreement requires the consortium to make lease payments in amounts sufficient to pay the maturing principal and interest payments on the bonds. as of december 31, 2021, approximately $1.8 billion principal amount of such bonds were secured by significant fuel facility leases in which united participates, as to which united and each of the signatory airlines has provided indirect guarantees of the debt. as of december 31, 2021, the company's contingent exposure was approximately $343 million principal amount of such bonds based on its recent consortia participation. the company's contingent exposure could increase if the participation of other air carriers decreases. the guarantees will expire when the tax-exempt bonds are paid in full, which ranges from 2022 to 2056. the company concluded it was not necessary to record a liability for these indirect guarantees.
increased cost provisions. in united's financing transactions that include loans in which united is the borrower, united typically agrees to reimburse lenders for any reduced returns with respect to the loans due to any change in capital requirements and, in the case of loans with respect to which the interest rate is based on libor, for certain other increased costs that the lenders incur in carrying these loans as a result of any change in law, subject, in most cases, to obligations of the lenders to take certain limited steps to mitigate the requirement for, or the amount of, such increased costs. at december 31, 2021, the company had $13.2 billion of floating rate debt with remaining terms of up to 11 years that are subject to these increased cost provisions. in several financing transactions involving loans or leases from non-u.s. entities, with remaining terms of up to 11 years and an aggregate balance of $10.1 billion, the company bears the risk of any change in tax laws that would subject loan or lease payments thereunder to non-u.s. entities to withholding taxes, subject to customary exclusions.
critical accounting policies critical accounting policies are defined as those that are affected by significant judgments and uncertainties which potentially could result in materially different accounting under different assumptions and conditions. the company has prepared the financial statements in conformity with gaap, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the company has identified the following critical accounting policies that impact the preparation of the financial statements.
revenue recognition. passenger revenue is recognized when transportation is provided. passenger tickets and related ancillary services sold by the company for flights are purchased primarily via credit card transactions, with payments collected by the company in advance of the performance of related services. the company initially records ticket sales in its advance ticket sales liability, deferring revenue recognition until the travel occurs. for travel that has more than one flight segment, the company deems each segment as a separate performance obligation and recognizes revenue for each segment as travel occurs. tickets sold by other airlines where the company provides the transportation are recognized as passenger revenue at the estimated value to be billed to the other airline when travel is provided. differences between amounts billed and the actual amounts may be rejected and rebilled or written off if the amount recorded was different from the original estimate. when necessary, the company records a reserve against its billings and payables with other airlines based on historical experience.
the company sells certain tickets with connecting flights with one or more segments operated by its other airline partners. for segments operated by its other airline partners, the company has determined that it is acting as an agent on behalf of the other airlines as they are responsible for their portion of the contract (i.e. transportation of the passenger). the company, as the agent, recognizes revenue within other operating revenue at the time of the travel for the net amount representing commission to be retained by the company for any segments flown by other airlines.
advance ticket sales represent the company's liability to provide air transportation in the future. all tickets sold at any given point of time have travel dates extending up to 12 months. the company defers amounts related to future travel in its advance ticket sales liability account. the company's advance ticket sales liability also includes credits issued to customers on electronic travel certificates ("etcs") and future flight credits ("ffcs"), primarily for ticket cancellations, which can be applied towards a purchase of a new ticket. etcs are valid up to two years from the date of issuance; however, all etcs due to expire prior to december 31, 2022 have been extended until december 31, 2022. ffcs are valid for 12 months from the original ticket date; however, all ffcs issued on or before december 31, 2021 have been extended to be valid until december 31, 2022. as of december 31, 2021, the company's advance ticket sales liability included $3.2 billion related to etcs and ffcs.
the company estimates the value of advance ticket sales that will expire unused ("breakage") and recognizes revenue at the scheduled flight date. to determine breakage, the company uses its historical experience with expired tickets and other facts, such as recent aging trends, program changes and modifications that could affect the ultimate expiration patterns of tickets. given the uncertainty of travel demand caused by covid-19, a significant portion of the etcs and ffcs may expire unused in future periods and get recognized as revenue from breakage. the company will update its breakage estimates as future information is received. changes in estimates of breakage are recognized prospectively in proportion to the remaining usage of the related tickets.
frequent flyer accounting. united's mileageplus loyalty program builds customer loyalty by offering awards, benefits and services to program participants. members in this program earn miles for travel on united, united express, star alliance members and certain other airlines that participate in the program. members can also earn miles by purchasing goods and services from our network of non-airline partners. we have contracts to sell miles to these partners with the terms extending from one to eight years. these partners include domestic and international credit card issuers, retail merchants, hotels, car rental companies and our participating airline partners. miles can be redeemed for free (other than taxes and government-imposed fees), discounted or upgraded air travel and non-travel awards.
co-brand agreement. united has a contract (the "co-brand agreement") to sell mileageplus miles to its co-branded credit card partner jpmorgan chase bank usa, n.a. ("chase"). chase awards miles to mileageplus members based on their credit card activity. united identified the following significant separately identifiable performance obligations in the co-brand agreement:
mileageplus miles awarded - united has a performance obligation to provide mileageplus cardholders with miles to be used for air travel and non-travel award redemptions. the company records passenger revenue related to the travel awards when the transportation is provided and records other revenue related to the non-travel awards when the goods or services are delivered. the company records the cost associated with non-travel awards in other operating revenue, as an agent.
marketing - united has a performance obligation to provide chase access to united's customer list and the use of united's brand. marketing revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
advertising - united has a performance obligation to provide advertising in support of the mileageplus card in various customer contact points such as united's website, email promotions, direct mail campaigns, airport advertising and in-flight advertising. advertising revenue is recorded to other operating revenue as miles are delivered to chase.
other travel-related benefits - united's performance obligations are comprised of various items such as waived bag fees, seat upgrades and lounge passes. lounge passes are recorded to other operating revenue as customers use the lounge passes. bag fees and seat upgrades are recorded to passenger revenue at the time of the associated travel.
we account for all the payments received under the co-brand agreement by allocating them to the separately identifiable performance obligations. the fair value of the separately identifiable performance obligations is determined using management's estimated selling price of each component. the objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, volume discounts, published selling prices, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. the company estimated the selling prices and volumes over the term of the co-brand agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the components to be delivered. we also evaluate volumes on an annual basis, which may result in a change in the allocation of the estimated consideration from the co-brand agreement on a prospective basis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets. the company has indefinite-lived intangible assets, including goodwill. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, or on an interim basis whenever a triggering event occurs. an impairment occurs when the fair value of an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. the company determines the fair value using a variation of the income approach known as the excess earnings method, which discounts an asset's projected future net cash flows to determine the current fair value. assumptions used in the discounted cash flow methodology include a discount rate, which is based upon the company's current weighted average cost of capital plus an asset-specific risk factor, and a projection of sales, expenses, gross margin, tax rates and contributory asset charges for several future years and a terminal growth rate. the assumptions used for future projections are determined based upon the company's asset-specific forecasts along with the company's strategic plan. these assumptions are inherently uncertain as they relate to future events and circumstances. actual results will be influenced by the competitive environment, fuel costs and other expenses, and potentially other unforeseen events or circumstances that could have a material impact on future results. in light of the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic on both the u.s. and global economies, the significant, sustained impact on the demand for travel and government policies that restrict air travel, the exact timing of a complete recovery from the covid-19 pandemic, and the speed at which such recovery could occur, continues to remain uncertain. we recorded impairment charges of $130 million related to our china route indefinite-lived intangible assets during 2020 as a result of the impact of covid-19. adverse changes to our forecasted results caused by covid-19 or the other factors discussed above could result in additional impairment charges in the future.
see notes 1 and 14 to the financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for additional information.
tax valuation allowance. a tax valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the company's management assesses available positive and negative evidence regarding the company's ability to realize its deferred tax assets and records a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. in order to form a conclusion, management considers positive evidence in the form of taxable income in prior carryback years, reversing temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projections of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible, as well as negative evidence such as historical losses. although the company incurred losses in 2021 and 2020, management determined that these results were not indicative of future results due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on its operations. the company concluded that the positive evidence outweighs the negative evidence, primarily driven by approval and distribution of covid-19 vaccines as well as increased confidence with the timing of the recovery. the company has $7.5 billion of deferred tax assets, of which $2.1 billion (tax effected) are attributable to federal net operating losses ("nols") at december 31, 2021. the majority of the nols do not expire and the company expects to realize the benefits of the nols through the reversal of certain existing deferred tax liabilities of $6.2 billion and the remaining $1.3 billion (the income tax equivalent to approximately two years of average pre-covid-19 pre-tax income) through projected future taxable income. assumptions about our future taxable income are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage our business. therefore, we have not recorded a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets other than the capital loss carryforwards and certain state attributes that have short expiration periods. while the company expects to generate sufficient future income to fully utilize its deferred tax assets (including nols), the company may have to record a valuation allowance, which could be material, against deferred tax assets if negative evidence such as prolonged losses or reduced forecasted income outweigh positive evidence.
recording a valuation allowance against our nols would not impact our ability to use them to offset cash taxes payable. however, our ability to use nols may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, as discussed in more detail in part i, item 1a. risk factors-"the company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for u.s. federal income tax purposes may be significantly limited due to various circumstances, including certain possible future transactions involving the sale or issuance of ual common stock, or if taxable income does not reach sufficient levels."
as of december 31, 2021, the company has recorded $183 million of valuation allowance against its capital loss deferred tax assets. capital losses have a limited carryforward period of five years, and they can be utilized only to the extent of capital gains. the company does not anticipate generating sufficient capital gains to utilize the losses before they expire, therefore, a valuation allowance is necessary as of december 31, 2021. additionally, the company recorded a valuation allowance of $27 million on certain state deferred tax assets primarily due to state nols that have short expiration periods.
supplemental information the company evaluates its financial performance utilizing various gaap and non-gaap financial measures, including casm-ex. the company has provided casm-ex, a non-gaap financial measure, which is not calculated or presented in accordance with gaap, as supplemental information and in addition to the financial measures that are calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. management believes that adjusting for special charges (credits) is useful to investors because special charges (credits) are not indicative of ual's ongoing performance. management also believes that excluding third-party business expenses, such as maintenance and ground handling for third parties, provides more meaningful disclosure because these expenses are not directly related to ual's core business. management also believes that excluding fuel costs is useful to investors because it provides an additional measure of management's performance excluding the effects of a significant cost item over which management has limited influence. management also believes that excluding profit sharing allows investors to better understand and analyze ual's operating cost performance and provides a more meaningful comparison of our core operating costs to the airline industry.
because this non-gaap financial measure is not calculated in accordance with gaap, it should not be considered superior to, and is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, the related gaap financial measure and may not be the same as or comparable to any similarly titled measure presented by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items being adjusted. we encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure.
the company is not providing a target for casm or a reconciliation for casm-ex projections to casm, the most directly comparable gaap measure, because the company is unable to predict certain items contained in the gaap measure without unreasonable efforts and it does not provide a reconciliation of forward-looking measures where it believes such a reconciliation would imply a degree of precision and certainty that could be confusing to investors and is unable to reasonably predict certain items contained in the gaap measure without unreasonable efforts. this is due to the inherent difficulty of forecasting the timing or amount of various items that have not yet occurred and are out of the company's control or cannot be reasonably predicted. for the same reasons, the company is unable to address the probable significance of the unavailable information. forward-looking measures provided without the most directly comparable gaap financial measures may vary materially from the corresponding gaap financial measures. see "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" below. below is a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure (casm-ex) to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure (casm) for the year ended december 31, 2019 (in cents):
third-party business expenses                  0.06
profit sharing                                 0.17
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this report contains certain "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, including in part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere, relating to, among other things, the potential impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and steps the company plans to take in response thereto and goals, plans and projections regarding the company's financial position, results of operations, market position, capacity, fleet, product development, esg targets and business strategy. such forward-looking statements are based on historical performance and current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the company's future financial results, goals, plans and objectives and involve inherent risks, assumptions and uncertainties, known or unknown, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, that are difficult to predict, may be beyond the company's control and could cause the company's future financial results, goals, plans and objectives to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the statements. words such as "should," "could," "would," "will," "may," "expects," "plans," "intends," "anticipates," "indicates," "remains," "believes," "estimates," "projects," "forecast," "guidance," "outlook," "goals", "targets" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. all statements, other than those that relate solely to historical facts, are forward-looking statements.
additionally, forward-looking statements include conditional statements and statements that identify uncertainties or trends, discuss the possible future effects of known trends or uncertainties, or that indicate that the future effects of known trends or uncertainties cannot be predicted, guaranteed or assured. all forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information available to us on the date of this report. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or regulation.
our actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements due to numerous factors including, without limitation, the following: the adverse impacts of the ongoing covid-19 global pandemic on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity; execution risks associated with our strategic operating plan; changes in our network strategy or other factors outside our control resulting in less economic aircraft orders, costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or entry into less favorable aircraft orders, as well as any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into our fleet as planned; any failure to effectively manage, and receive anticipated benefits and returns from, acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions; adverse publicity, harm to our brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and voluntary or mandatory operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving us, our regional carriers, our codeshare partners or another airline; the highly competitive nature of the global airline industry and susceptibility of the industry to price discounting and changes in capacity, including as a result of alliances, joint business arrangements or other consolidations; our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to source a majority of our aircraft and certain parts, and the impact of any failure to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers; disruptions to our regional network and united express flights provided by third-party regional carriers; unfavorable economic and political conditions in the united states and globally; reliance on third-party service providers and the impact of any significant failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in our relationships with these providers or their provision of services; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate and space, facility and infrastructure constrains at our hubs or other airports; geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events; any damage to our reputation or brand image; our reliance on technology and automated systems to operate our business and the impact of any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, the technology or systems; increasing privacy and data security obligations or a significant data breach; increased use of social media platforms by us, our employees and others; the impacts of union disputes, employee strikes or slowdowns, and other labor-related disruptions on our operations; any failure to attract, train or retain skilled personnel, including our senior management team or other key employees; the monetary and operational costs of compliance with extensive government regulation of the airline industry; current or future litigation and regulatory actions, or failure to comply with the terms of any settlement, order or arrangement relating to these actions; costs, liabilities and risks associated with environmental regulation and climate change, including our climate goals; high and/or volatile fuel prices or significant disruptions in the supply of aircraft fuel; the impacts of our significant amount of financial leverage from fixed obligations, the possibility we may seek material amounts of additional financial liquidity in the short-term, and the impacts of insufficient liquidity on our financial condition and business; failure to comply with financial and other covenants governing our debt, including our mileageplus financing agreements; the impacts of the proposed phase out of the london interbank offer rate; limitations on our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income for u.s. federal income tax purposes; our failure to realize the full value of our intangible assets or our long-lived assets, causing us to record impairments; fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the impacts of seasonality and other factors associated with the airline industry; increases in insurance costs or inadequate insurance coverage and other risks and uncertainties set forth under part i, item 1a. risk factors, of this report, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. in addition, certain forward-looking outlook provided in this report relies on assumptions about the duration and severity of the covid-19 pandemic, the timing of the return to a more stable business environment, the volatility of aircraft fuel prices, customer behavior changes and return in demand for air travel, among other things (together, the "recovery process"). if the actual recovery process differs materially from our assumptions, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business could be worse than expected, and our actual results may be negatively impacted and may vary materially from our expectations and projections. it is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change as the year or each quarter in the year progresses, and therefore it should be clearly understood that the internal projections, beliefs and assumptions upon which we base our expectations may change. for instance, we regularly monitor future demand and booking trends and adjust capacity, as needed. as such, our actual flown capacity may differ materially from currently published flight schedules or current estimations.