item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock or debt securities.
risks related to our business, industry, and operations our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks and the market price at which we can sell our products.
our financial results are affected by the relationship, or margin, between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks, which can vary based on global, regional, and local market conditions, as well as by type and class of product. historically, refining and ethanol margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. we expect that the volume of renewable diesel produced by competitors will increase going forward, and as the market becomes more competitive, or if there are changes in the regulations, policies, and standards affecting the demand for low-carbon fuels, our renewable diesel segment may experience increased volatility in product margins. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks, gasoline, diesel, other liquid transportation fuels (such as jet fuel, renewable diesel, and ethanol), and other products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of u.s. and international suppliers, levels of product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of u.s. and global economies, u.s. relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, and the extent of governmental regulation. the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec) to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products. additionally, the regulations, policies, and standards discussed under "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-regulations, policies, and standards driving low-carbon fuel demand" have had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of the feedstocks for, and products produced by, our low-carbon fuels businesses. any adverse change in these regulations, policies, and standards, including the calculation of ci scores, or in our ability to obtain any approved fuel pathways, could have a material adverse effect on the margins we receive for our low-carbon products in certain markets.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on product margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil, corn, waste and renewable feedstocks, or other primary feedstocks and must purchase nearly all of the feedstocks we process. we generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products has had, and in the future could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices could negatively impact the carrying value of our inventories.
economic turmoil, inflation, cybersecurity incidents, and political unrest or hostilities, including the threat of future terrorist attacks, could affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity could result in declines in energy consumption, including declines in the demand for and consumption of our products, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects. refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol margins also can be significantly impacted by the addition of capacity through the expansion of existing facilities or the construction of new refineries or plants. worldwide refining capacity expansions may result in refining production capacity exceeding refined petroleum product demand, which would have an adverse effect on refining margins.
a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils, such as louisiana light sweet (lls) and brent crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined petroleum products. previous declines in such differentials have had, and any future declines would again have, a negative impact on our results of operations.
technological and industry developments, and evolving investor and market sentiment regarding fossil fuels and ghg emissions, may decrease the demand for our products and could adversely affect our performance.
a reduction in the demand for our products could result from a transition to alternative fuel vehicles by consumers, such as electric vehicles (evs) and hybrid vehicles, whether as a result of technological or scientific advances, government mandates, or consumer or investor sentiment towards fossil fuels and ghg emissions. new or changing technologies may be developed that make alternative fuel vehicles more affordable or desirable, including improvements in battery and storage technology, increases to ev driving ranges, increased availability of charging stations and other necessary infrastructure, and increased inventory, which may cause some consumers to shift to alternative fuel vehicles, including vehicles that use alternative fuels other than the liquid fuels we produce.
additionally, there may be new entrants into the renewable fuels industry that could meet demand for lower-carbon transportation fuels and modes of transportation in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products, which could also have a material adverse effect on our low-carbon fuels businesses. for instance, several other companies have made, or announced interest in making, investments in renewable diesel projects. should these projects develop, we would face competition from them for feedstocks and customers, which could strain margins on the products we sell and limit the growth and profitability of our low-carbon fuels businesses. it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of any such developments. however, a reduction in the demand for our products as a result of any of the foregoing events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
investor and market sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels, ghg emissions, environmental justice, and other esg matters could adversely affect our business, cost of capital, and the price of our common stock and debt securities.
there have been efforts in recent years aimed at the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, universities, and other groups, to promote the divestment of securities of energy companies, as well as to pressure lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with energy companies. as a result, some financial intermediaries, investors, and other capital markets participants have reduced or ceased lending to, or investing in, companies that operate in industries with higher perceived environmental exposure, such as the energy industry.
additionally, pension funds at the u.s. state and municipal level, as well as in other countries and jurisdictions across the world, particularly in europe, have announced similar plans. if these or similar divestment efforts are continued, the price of our common stock or debt securities, and our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain new investment or financing, may be negatively impacted.
members of the investment community are also increasing their focus on esg practices and disclosures, including those related to climate change, ghg emissions targets, business resilience under the assumptions of demand-constrained scenarios, and net-zero ambitions in the energy industry in particular, as well as diversity, equality, and inclusion initiatives, political activities, and governance standards among companies more generally. as a result, we may face negative publicity, increasing pressure regarding our esg practices and disclosures, and demands for esg-focused engagement from investors, stakeholders, and other interested parties. this could result in higher costs, disruption and diversion of management attention, an increased strain on our resources, and the implementation of certain esg practices or disclosures that may present a heightened level of legal and regulatory risk, or that threaten our credibility with other investors and stakeholders. investors, stakeholders, and other interested parties are also increasingly focusing on issues related to environmental justice. this may result in increased scrutiny, protests, and negative publicity with respect to our business and operations, and those of our counterparties, which could in turn result in the cancellation or delay of projects, the revocation or delay of permits, termination of contracts, lawsuits, regulatory action, and policy change that may adversely affect our business strategy, increase our costs, and adversely affect our reputation and financial performance.
additionally, members of the investment community may screen companies such as ours for esg performance before investing in our common stock or debt securities, or lending to us. credit rating agencies are also increasingly using esg as a factor in their assessments, which could impact our cost of capital or access to financing. there has also been an acceleration in investor demand for esg investing opportunities, and many institutional investors have committed to increasing the percentage of their portfolios that are allocated towards esg-focused investments. as a result, there has been a proliferation of esg-focused investment funds and market participants seeking esg-oriented investment products. there has also been an increase in third-party providers of company esg ratings, and more esg-focused voting policies among proxy advisory firms, portfolio managers, and institutional investors. some investors and stakeholders are also increasingly focused on pursuing strategies centered on esg-related activism.
if we are unable to meet the esg standards or investment, lending, ratings, or voting criteria and policies set by these parties, we may lose investors, investors may allocate a portion of their capital away from us, we may become a target for esg-focused activism, our cost of capital may increase, the price of our securities may be negatively impacted, and our reputation may also be negatively affected.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and the related events and circumstances have had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity and those of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties.
at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, governmental authorities around the world imposed restrictions, such as stay-at-home orders and other social distancing measures, to slow the spread of covid-19. many companies and individuals implemented similar efforts. these measures resulted in significant economic disruption globally as reduced economic activity negatively impacted many businesses, including ours.
during 2020, we experienced a decline in the demand for most of the liquid transportation fuels that we produce and sell, and thus also a decline in the market prices of those products, due to a decrease in the level of individual movement and travel resulting from the restrictions and general public health concerns. some governmental authorities began lifting restrictions in the latter part of 2020 and this continued to varying degrees throughout 2021. these actions have contributed to increasing levels of individual movement and travel and a resulting increase in the demand for and market prices of our products. however, some governmental authorities continue to impose some level of restrictions due in part to new outbreaks, including those related to new variants of the virus (such as the delta and omicron variants). additionally, the lingering effects of the covid-19 pandemic and variants of the virus continue to negatively impact the level of air travel, global supply chains, and the labor market.
the distribution of vaccines beginning in late 2020 has helped decrease the rates and severity of infection and contributed to the lifting of many restrictions. the ongoing distribution of vaccines may result in the continued lifting of restrictions globally and may be seen as a key factor contributing to the ongoing restoration of public confidence, and thus also to stimulating and increasing global economic activity. however, the risk remains that vaccines may not be distributed widely on a timely basis, they may not be as effective against new variants of the virus, and/or the level of individuals' willingness to receive a vaccine may not be as strong or as timely as needed. additionally, some governmental authorities have announced requirements and mandates, including steep fines for noncompliance, on employers concerning workforce vaccination and testing. many large companies across the world, independent of such government regulations, have also begun implementing vaccine requirements and mandates for their workforces, or as a prerequisite to providing customers certain goods and services in person. these requirements and mandates have evoked mixed reactions and have created additional challenges and costs, both administratively and operationally, for employers (including us and our counterparties) and their workforces. developments with respect to such requirements and mandates are evolving at a rapid pace and the ultimate impact thereof remains uncertain. the ultimate outcome of the uncertainties and other unforeseen effects of the covid-19 pandemic could result in many adverse consequences including, but not limited to, reduced availability of critical staff necessary to maintain operations, disruption or delays to supply chains for critical equipment or feedstock, inflation, reduced economic activity and individual movement that negatively impact demand for our products, and increased administrative, compliance, and operational costs.
the ultimate extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic will depend largely on future developments, particularly within the geographic areas where we operate, and the related impact on overall economic activity, all of which are currently unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. however, the adverse impacts of the economic effects from the covid-19 pandemic on our business have been and may continue to be significant.
the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have also had, and may continue to have, the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the other risk factors in this section. such risk factors may be amended or supplemented by subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q and other reports and documents we file with the sec after the date of this annual report on form 10-k.
our operations depend on natural gas and electricity, and such dependency could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our operations depend on the use of natural gas and electricity. we consume a significant volume of natural gas and a significant amount of electricity to operate our refineries and plants, and natural gas and electricity prices represent a large cost to our operations. we also purchase other commodities whose price may vary depending on the price of natural gas or electricity. prices for both natural gas and electricity can be volatile and therefore represent ongoing challenges to our operating results. additionally, the availability of natural gas and electricity can be affected by weather (such as winter storm uri in 2021), pipeline interruptions, grid outages, and logistics disruptions. as electrification continues to grow, or if there are increased restrictions or costs imposed on the ability of electric utilities to utilize certain energy sources, there will likely be increased strains on, and risk to the integrity and resilience of, electrical grids, and natural gas and electricity supplies around the world, which could negatively affect the cost, reliability, and availability of our natural gas and electricity supplies. additionally, increased governmental regulations and public opposition to pipeline and electricity generation and transmission projects may result in the underinvestment in, or unavailability of, the logistics assets and infrastructure necessary to obtain natural gas feedstocks and electricity in a reliable and cost-efficient manner.
although we actively manage these costs through contracting and hedging our exposure to price volatility when appropriate, and by pursuing projects that reduce our reliance on third parties and fortify the resilience of our assets, increases in prices for natural gas and electricity, or disruptions to sources of natural gas and electricity supply, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, corn, and other feedstocks could adversely affect our operations.
a significant portion of our refining feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in the middle east, africa, europe, asia, north america, and south america. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, these areas. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional feedstock supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. our refineries and plants without access to waterborne deliveries or offtake must rely on rail, pipeline, or ground transportation and thus may be more susceptible to such risks. if we are unable to obtain adequate volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be materially adversely affected, including from reduced sales volumes of products or reduced margins as a result of higher costs. additionally, the u.s. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. for instance, u.s. sanctions with respect to iran and venezuela limit the ability of u.s. companies to engage in oil transactions involving these countries, and currently there is a possibility of increased sanctions against russia as well as potential responsive countermeasures. these restrictions, and those of other governments, may limit our access to business opportunities in various countries. actions by the u.s. and other countries have affected our operations in the past and may continue to do so in the future.
although darling, the other joint venture member in dgd, supplies some of dgd's feedstock at competitive pricing, dgd must still secure a significant amount of its feedstock requirements from other sources. should darling's supply be disrupted or should supply from other sources become limited or only available at unfavorable terms, dgd could be required to develop alternate sources of supply, and it could be required to increase its utilization of feedstocks that produce lower margin products. to the extent the volume of renewable diesel produced by competitors begins to increase, the competition for feedstocks will likely increase, which could place downward pressure on the margins associated with the products produced by dgd. should dgd's feedstock supply be disrupted, such an event could adversely impact its and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the mid-continent region of the u.s. as a result, the feedstock supply of our ethanol segment is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events occurring in that region can have on the amount or timing of crop production. crop production can also be affected by governmental policies (such as farming subsidies) and by market factors (such as changes in fertilizer prices). any reduction or delay in crop production from these or similar events could reduce and disrupt the supply of, or otherwise increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our ethanol segment.
we are subject to risks arising from our operations outside the u.s. and generally to worldwide political and economic developments.
we operate and sell some of our products outside of the u.s., particularly in canada, europe, mexico, peru, and latin american countries other than mexico and peru. our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be negatively impacted by disruptions in any of these markets, including due to expropriation or impoundment of assets, failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts, property disputes, economic instability, restrictions on the transfer of funds, duties and tariffs, transportation delays, import and export controls, labor unrest, security issues involving key personnel and governmental decisions, investigations, regulations, issuances or revocations of permits and other authorizations, and changing regulatory and political environments. the occurrence of any such event could result in commercial restrictions, delay or cancellation of projects, increased costs, and otherwise reduce our profitability in the u.s. and abroad.
we are also required to comply with u.s. and international laws and regulations. actual or alleged violations of these laws could disrupt our business, cause us to incur significant legal expenses, and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and other feedstocks and the products that we manufacture.
we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport the products we manufacture to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the pipelines, vessels, trucks, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products is disrupted because of weather events, cybersecurity incidents, accidents, derailments, collisions, fires, explosions, or governmental or third-party actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
competitors that produce their own supply of crude oil feedstocks, own their own retail sites, have greater financial resources, or provide alternative energy sources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks, and for third-party retail outlets for our refined petroleum products. we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks and we do not have a company-owned retail network. many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive networks of retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and they may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages. some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have. such competitors may have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry. in addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial, and individual consumers.
a significant interruption in one or more of our refineries or renewable diesel or ethanol plants could adversely affect our business.
our refineries, renewable diesel plant, and ethanol plants are our principal operating assets. as a result, our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or natural disasters (such as hurricanes) or man-made disasters (such as cybersecurity incidents or acts of terrorism), or otherwise be forced to shut down. if any refinery or plant were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the refinery or plant could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. significant interruptions in our refining, renewable diesel, or ethanol systems could also lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, corn, and many of our products.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and the political and regulatory environments or other market conditions may change or deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns.
we may engage in capital projects based on the forecasted project economics, political and regulatory environments, and the expected return on the capital to be employed in the project. large-scale projects take many years to complete, during which time the political and regulatory environment or other market conditions may change from our forecast. as a result, we may not fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our investments in joint ventures and other entities decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control over certain economic, legal, and business interests with other joint venture members. we also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have no equity ownership interest, such as some of the consolidated variable interest entities (vies), as described in note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. the other joint venture members and the third-party equity holders of the vies may have economic, business, or legal interests, opportunities, or goals that are inconsistent with or different from our opportunities, goals, and interests, or may have different liquidity needs or financial condition characteristics than our own, be subject to different legal or contractual obligations than we are, or be unable to meet their obligations. for instance, while we operate the dgd plant and perform certain day-to-day operating and management functions for dgd as an independent contractor, we do not have full control of every aspect of dgd's business and certain significant decisions concerning dgd, including, among others, the acquisition or disposition of assets above a certain value threshold, making certain changes to dgd's business plan, raising debt or equity capital, dgd's distribution policy, and entering into particular transactions, which also require certain approvals from darling. additionally, although we consolidate certain vies, we do not have full control of every aspect of these vies, or the actions taken by their third-party equity holders, some of which may affect our business, legal position, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. failure by us, an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, or the vies to adequately manage the risks associated with such entities, and any differences in views among us and other joint venture members or the third-party equity holders in the vies, could prevent or delay actions that are in the best interest of us, the joint venture, or the vie, and could have a material adverse effect on our, or the applicable joint venture's or vie's, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent such future regulation is applicable to us.
legal, governmental, and regulatory risks legal, regulatory, and political matters and developments regarding climate change, ghg or other air emissions, fuel efficiency, or the environment may decrease the demand for our petroleum-based products and could adversely affect our performance.
many state, provincial, and national governments across the world have imposed, and may impose in the future, increases in fuel economy standards, low-carbon fuel standards, restrictions on vehicles using liquid fuel, and other policies or regulations (such as tariffs, tax incentives, or subsidies) aimed at steering the public towards less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, which could reduce demand for our liquid fuels. for example, in september 2020, the governor of california issued an executive order seeking to require that sales of all new passenger vehicles be zero-emission by 2035 and medium to heavy-duty vehicles be zero-emission by 2045, where feasible. the executive order also requires state agencies to build out sufficient electric vehicle charging infrastructure. other u.s. and governmental authorities across the world, such as the u.k. and quebec, have also announced similar plans and/or restrictions with respect to the sale of new internal combustion-engine vehicles.
the u.s. federal government under the current presidential administration has also been aggressive in the scope, magnitude, and number of actions it has taken to regulate climate change, and steer the public towards less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation. for instance, shortly after taking office, the current administration issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, as well as an executive order requiring agencies to review environmental actions taken by the previous administration. additionally, in april 2021, the epa issued a notice of proposed rulemaking seeking to reinstate california's prior authority to set vehicle ghg emissions standards, including standards that exceed or conflict with u.s. federal standards. in a parallel action finalized in december 2021, the national highway traffic administration (nhtsa) withdrew its previous regulatory determination in the safer affordable fuel-efficient vehicles rule that california is preempted under the energy policy and conservation act from regulating fuel economy. such authority could allow california to impose more stringent requirements on the use of our liquid fuels, such as ev mandates, and could potentially revive other states' authority to adopt standards similar to california's standards. if the california waiver is reinstated and california adopts ghg emissions standards different than u.s. federal standards, then, regardless of whether other u.s. states adopt similar standards, the size of the california auto market and the difficulty and expense of designing, manufacturing, and selling alternative vehicle fleets to comply with different standards, such california standards, could become the de facto national standard for vehicles sold for use in the u.s. further, in august 2021, nhtsa released a new proposed rule that would increase the current corporate average fuel economy (cafe) and carbon dioxide standards for certain passenger cars and light trucks under the previously adopted safer affordable fuel-efficient vehicles rule. higher cafe standards and fuel efficiency standards may reduce demand for our petroleum-based products. in december 2021, the current u.s. presidential administration issued an executive order that directs the u.s. federal government to use its scale and procurement power to achieve a number of aspirational net-zero emissions goals, including, among others, 100 percent zero-emission vehicle acquisitions by 2035 and 100 percent zero-emission light-duty vehicle acquisitions by 2027. on december 30, 2021, the epa finalized its "revised 2023 and later model year light-duty vehicle greenhouse gas emission standards," in which the epa states that its final rule is projected to reduce gasoline consumption by more than 360 billion gallons by 2050, reaching a 15 percent reduction in annual u.s. gasoline consumption in 2050.
moreover, in 2005, the kyoto protocol to the 1992 united nations (u.n.) framework convention on climate change, which establishes a binding set of emission targets for ghgs, became binding on all countries that had ratified it. in 2015, the u.n. climate change conference in paris resulted in the creation of the paris agreement. the paris agreement requires countries to review and "represent a progression" in their nationally determined contributions, which set emissions reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. the terms of the paris agreement and the executive orders discussed above are expected to result in additional regulations or changes to existing regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business in the u.s. and the u.k., and that of our customers. in addition, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources in many of the countries where we currently operate, or may operate in the future, could have a negative impact on our business across the world.
these and other legal, regulatory, political, and international accord matters and developments regarding climate change, ghg or other air emissions, fuel efficiency, or the environment, including executive orders that mandate or encourage the use of alternative energy sources or discourage or ban the use of internal combustion engines, may increase consumer preferences for, and adoption of, alternative fuel vehicles and decrease demand for our liquid fuels, although they may also increase demand for our low-carbon fuels. these legal, regulatory, and political developments, as well as other similarly focused laws and regulations, such as, among others, the california and quebec cap-and-trade programs, the u.k. emissions trading scheme, the u.k. renewable transport fuel obligation, and carb's control measure for ocean-going vessels at berth rule, could also result in increased costs or capital expenditures to (i) operate and maintain our facilities, (ii) install new emission controls at our facilities, and (iii) administer and manage any emissions or blending programs, including acquiring emission credits, allowances, or allotments.
many of these legal, regulatory, political, and international accord matters and developments are subject to considerable uncertainty due to a number of factors, including technological and economic feasibility, legal challenges, and potential changes in law, regulation, or policy, and it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate effects of these matters and developments on us. however, a reduction in the demand for our products or an increase in costs or capital expenditures as a result of any of the foregoing events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
compliance with, or developments concerning, the renewable and low-carbon fuel blending programs, and other regulations, policies, and standards impacting the demand for low-carbon fuels could adversely affect our performance.
as described under "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-regulations, policies, and standards driving low-carbon fuel demand," governments across the world have issued, or are considering issuing, low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards to help reduce ghg emissions and increase the percentage of low-
carbon fuels in the transportation fuel mix. we strategically market our low-carbon fuels based on regional policies, feedstock preferences, ci scores, and our ability to obtain fuel pathways. a significant portion of our low-carbon fuels are sold in california, canada, and europe.
concerning the rfs, on december 7, 2021, the epa released a proposed rule to retroactively revise the 2020 rvos, set overdue rvos for 2021 and 2022, and propose certain other changes to the rfs including, among others, changes to registration, reporting, recordkeeping, and other requirements. separately, the epa proposed to deny more than 60 small refinery exemption (sre) petitions.
we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins, lcfs credits, and other credits, as described in note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we cannot predict the future prices of rins, lcfs credits, or other credits. prices for rins, lcfs credits, and other credits are dependent upon a variety of factors, including, as applicable, epa regulations, regulations of other countries and jurisdictions, the availability of rins, lcfs credits, and other credits for purchase, transportation fuel production levels, which can vary significantly each quarter, approved ci pathways, and ci scores. the ultimate outcome of the recently proposed rvos, rfs changes, and sre denials may also affect prices. if an insufficient number of rins, lcfs credits, or other credits is available for purchase, if we have to pay significantly higher prices for them, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the epa's rfs mandates or our other obligations under the renewable and low-carbon fuel blending programs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected. furthermore, to the extent fewer sre waivers are granted in the future or rvo obligations are reallocated or increased, the demand for and the price of rins may also increase, and our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
in addition to the rfs and lcfs, we operate in multiple jurisdictions that have issued, or are considering issuing, similar low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards. the rfs, lcfs, and similar u.s. state and international low-carbon fuel regulations, policies, and standards are extremely complex, often have different or conflicting requirements or methodologies, and are frequently evolving, requiring us to periodically update our systems and controls to maintain compliance and monitoring, which could require significant expenditures, and presents an increased risk of administrative error. our low-carbon fuels businesses could be materially and adversely affected if (i) these regulations, policies, and standards are adversely changed, not enforced, or discontinued, (ii) the benefits therefrom are reduced (such as the 45q tax credit, the blender's tax credit, and other incentives), (iii) any of the products we produce are deemed not to qualify for compliance therewith, or (iv) we are unable to satisfy or maintain any approved pathways. such changes could also negatively impact the economic assumptions and projections with respect to many of our low-carbon projects and could have a material adverse impact on the timing of completion, project returns, and other outcomes with respect to such projects.
compliance with and changes in environmental, health, and safety laws could adversely affect our performance.
our operations are subject to extensive environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels, including gasoline and diesel. certain of these laws and regulations could impose obligations to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our refineries and plants, as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes may have migrated. the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air, handling of waste, and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. environmental laws and regulations also may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. if we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined, sanctioned, or enjoined.
because environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. current and future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in increased difficulty in obtaining permits, changes to operating permits, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, increased costs of the products we sell, and decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, discontinue use of certain process units or certain chemicals, or install pollution control equipment that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. we may also face liability for personal injury, property damage, natural resource damage, environmental justice impacts, or clean-up costs due to alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals or other regulated materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene, mtbe, and petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our current and formerly owned facilities. such liability or expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
climate change and "greenwashing" litigation could adversely affect our performance.
we could face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations, disclosures, or products. governments and private parties across the world, such as california, vermont, and new york in the u.s., and the netherlands in europe, have filed lawsuits or initiated regulatory action against energy companies. the lawsuits allege damages as a result of climate change, and the plaintiffs seek damages and/or abatement under various tort and other theories. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. additionally, governments and private parties are also increasingly filing lawsuits or initiating regulatory action based on allegations that certain public statements regarding esg-related matters and practices by companies are false and misleading "greenwashing" that violate deceptive trade practices and consumer protection statutes. similar issues can also arise relating to aspirational statements such as net-zero or carbon neutrality targets that are made without an adequate basis to support such statements. while we are currently not a party to any of these lawsuits, they present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change or esg disclosures and practices.
any attempt by the u.s. government to withdraw from, re-enter, or materially modify any existing international trade agreements, or enter into any new international trade agreements in the future, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
the previous u.s. presidential administration questioned certain existing and proposed trade agreements. for example, the administration withdrew the u.s. from the trans-pacific partnership. in addition, the previous administration implemented and proposed various trade tariffs, which resulted in foreign governments responding with tariffs on u.s. goods. changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment could adversely affect our business. for example, the imposition of tariffs or other international trade barriers could affect our ability to obtain feedstocks from international sources, increase our costs, and reduce the competitiveness of our products. although there is currently uncertainty around the likelihood, timing, and details of many such actions, if the current u.s. administration takes action to withdraw from, re-enter, or materially modify any existing international trade agreements, or to enter into any new international trade agreements in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes, indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes (vat)), payroll taxes, franchise taxes, withholding taxes, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authorities. although we believe we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in calculating our tax liabilities, the final determination of these tax audits and any related proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. any adverse outcome of any of such tax audits or related proceedings could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our cash tax liabilities, and, as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may change significantly as a result of political or economic factors beyond our control. it is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties with any of the jurisdictions in which we operate) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws (including tax treaties) or their interpretations.
the phase-out or replacement of the london interbank offered rate (libor) with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect financial markets and the interest rates we pay on any floating-rate debt.
on march 5, 2021, the financial conduct authority in the u.k. issued an announcement on the future cessation or loss of representativeness of libor benchmark settings currently published by ice benchmark administration. that announcement confirmed that libor would either cease to be provided by any administrator or would no longer be representative after december 31, 2021 for all non-u.s. dollar libor reference rates and for certain short-term u.s. dollar libor reference rates, and after june 30, 2023 for other reference rates. in the future, we may need to renegotiate our financial agreements, including, but not limited to, our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility, or incur other indebtedness, and we may be required to select and use a replacement reference rate for such debt. such replacement reference rate could include the secured overnight financing rate, also known as sofr, published by the federal reserve bank of new york. the phase-out of libor or the use of any replacement reference rate may negatively impact the terms of, and our ability to refinance, such indebtedness and could also adversely affect the interest rate payable on, and the liquidity and value of, such indebtedness. in addition, the overall financial market and the ability to raise future indebtedness in a cost-effective manner may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. disruption in the financial market could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
cyber security and privacy related risks a significant interruption related to our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
our information technology systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack, including ransomware attacks, which could result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer or vendor data; (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information; (iii) increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants; (iv) systems interruption; (v) disruption of our business operations; (vi) remediation costs for repairs of system damage; (vii) reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and (viii) damage to our competitiveness, the price of our common stock or debt securities, and long-term stockholder value. a breach could also originate from or compromise our customers', vendors', or other third-party networks outside of our control that could impact our business and operations, as occurred with the colonial pipeline cybersecurity incident in may 2021. a breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our stockholders, employees, customers, vendors, and governmental authorities (u.s. and international). there can be no assurance that our infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent technology systems breaches, cyber and ransomware attacks, or systems failures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity incidents has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention, such as the directive issued by the u.s. transportation security administration following the colonial pipeline cybersecurity incident. to the extent we experience increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to comply therewith or incur fines for noncompliance.
increasing regulatory focus on data privacy and security issues and expanding or changing laws could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations, and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business.
along with our own data and information in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. the transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. this data is subject to governmental regulation at the federal, state, international, provincial, and local levels in many areas of our business, including data privacy and security laws such as the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), the u.k. general data protection regulation (gdpr), and quebec's recently enacted bill 64 (bill 64), which amends the province's main statute regulating the collection of information.
the ccpa, which came into effect on january 1, 2020, gives california residents specific rights in relation to their personal information, requires that companies take certain actions, including notifications for security incidents, and may apply to activities regarding personal information that is collected by us, directly or indirectly, from california residents. the recently adopted california privacy rights act also expands the compliance requirements of, and authority to enforce, the ccpa. as the interpretation and enforcement of the ccpa continues to evolve, there may be a range of new compliance obligations and scrutiny, with the possibility for significant financial penalties for noncompliance that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
the gdpr applies to activities related to personal data that may be conducted by us, directly or indirectly through vendors and subcontractors, from an establishment in the u.k. the future of the gdpr remains in flux for political reasons. as interpretations and enforcement of the gdpr evolve, they could create a range of new compliance obligations, which could cause us to incur additional costs. those costs could become even more severe if interpretations or enforcement of the gdpr deviate in the future. in both cases, failure to comply could result in significant penalties of up to a maximum of 4 percent of our global turnover that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. our business and operations may also be impacted if the u.k. parliament approves new standard contractual clauses (sccs) for the international transfer of personal data outside of the u.k. if adopted on march 21, 2022, the new sccs may apply to our existing contracts involving the international transfer of personal data that is restricted under the gdpr, requiring us to renegotiate any nonconforming contracts by september 21, 2022, which could be expensive and could divert senior management's attention from our business.
bill 64, which was adopted in september 2021, is intended to modify the obligations of public bodies and private sector enterprises by modernizing the framework applicable to the protection of personal information. most provisions of bill 64 will take effect over the course of the next three years, with some provisions taking effect in september 2022. bill 64 largely focuses on increasing the number of individual privacy rights and imposes a range of compliance and procedural obligations, with the possibility for significant penalties and private rights of action for noncompliance that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
the ccpa, the gdpr, and bill 64, as well as other data privacy laws that may become applicable to us, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges, as well as monitoring and control obligations, that could raise our costs, and place increased demand on company resources. any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, could result in significant penalties and liabilities for us. further, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with these laws and regulations, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result.
general risk factors uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business counterparties.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by unstable or illiquid market conditions. protracted uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets also could have an adverse impact on our lenders, commodity hedging counterparties, or our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. in addition, decreased returns on pension fund assets may also materially increase our pension funding requirements.
our access to credit and capital markets also depends on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we currently maintain investment-grade ratings by standard & poor's ratings services, moody's investors service, and fitch ratings on our senior unsecured debt. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. specifically, if rating agencies were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs may increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, we may not be able to obtain favorable credit terms from our suppliers or they may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit, or other forms of security, which would increase our operating costs. as a result, a downgrade below investment grade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
from time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities. we have existing revolving credit facilities, committed letter of credit facilities, and an accounts receivable sales facility intended to provide us with available financing to meet our ongoing cash needs. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets may materially impact the ability of the participating financial institutions and other counterparties to fund their commitments to us under our various financing facilities or our derivative instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
severe weather events may have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
severe weather events, such as storms, hurricanes, droughts, or floods, could have an adverse effect on our operations and could increase our costs. for instance, severe weather events can have an impact on crops production and reduce the supply of, or increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our ethanol and renewable diesel segments. if climate changes result in more intense or frequent severe weather events, the physical and disruptive effects could have a material adverse impact on our operations and assets.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns, or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
certain employees at five of our u.s. refineries, as well as at each of our canadian and u.k. refineries, are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which generally have unique and independent expiration dates. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action at our facilities or at facilities owned or operated by third parties that support our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. in addition, future u.s. federal, state, or international labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs, especially during critical maintenance periods.
we are subject to operational risks and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses arising from operating hazards. failure to obtain or maintain adequate insurance coverage could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we need, or at acceptable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums, and deductibles for certain insurance policies could increase substantially. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is very limited, and coverage for terrorism risks includes very broad exclusions. if we incur a significant loss or liability for which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. significant disruptions in financial markets could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is management's perspective of our current financial condition and results of operations, and should be read in conjunction with "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" included in this report. this discussion and analysis includes the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 and comparisons between such years. the discussions for the year ended december 31, 2019 and comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 have been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, as such information can be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, which was filed on february 23, 2021.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "scheduled," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "could," "would," "should," "may," "strive," "seek," "potential," "opportunity," "aimed," "considering," "continue," and similar expressions.
•the effect, impact, potential duration or timing, or other implications of the covid-19 pandemic, government restrictions, requirements, or mandates in response thereto, variants of the covid-19 virus, vaccine distribution and administration levels, economic activity, and global crude oil production levels, and any expectations we may have with respect thereto, including with respect to our responses thereto, our operations and the production levels of our assets;
•future refining segment margins, including gasoline and distillate margins, and discounts;
•future renewable diesel segment margins;
•future ethanol segment margins;
•expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, product prices for each of our segments, and operating expenses;
•anticipated levels of crude oil and liquid transportation fuel inventories and storage capacity;
•expectations regarding the levels of, and timing with respect to, the production and operations at our existing refineries and plants and projects under construction;
•our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, our expected allocation between, and/or within, growth capital expenditures and sustaining capital expenditures, capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and joint venture investments, the expected timing applicable to such capital investments and any related projects, and the effect of those capital investments on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity;
•our anticipated level of cash distributions or contributions, such as our dividend payment rate and contributions to our qualified pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans;
•our ability to meet future cash requirements, whether from funds generated from our operations or our ability to access financial markets effectively, and our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity;
•our evaluation of, and expectations regarding, any future activity under our share repurchase program or transactions involving our debt securities;
•anticipated trends in the supply of, and demand for, crude oil and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory matters, including the anticipated amounts and timing of payment with respect to our deferred tax liabilities, matters impacting our ability to repatriate cash held by our foreign subsidiaries, and the anticipated effect thereof on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity;
•the effect of general economic and other conditions on refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol industry fundamentals;
•expectations regarding our risk management activities, including the anticipated effects of our hedge transactions;
•expectations regarding our counterparties, including our ability to pass on increased compliance costs and timely collect receivables, and the credit risk within our accounts receivable or accounts payable;
•expectations regarding adoptions of new, or changes to existing, low-carbon fuel standards or policies, blending and tax credits, or efficiency standards that impact demand for renewable fuels; and
•expectations regarding our publicly announced ghg emissions reduction/offset targets and our current and any future carbon transition projects.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves, our industry, and the global economy and financial markets generally. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the ultimate outcomes of which we cannot predict with certainty. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events, the ultimate outcomes of which we cannot predict with certainty and which may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, actual performance or results may differ materially from the future performance or results that we have expressed, suggested, or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual performance or results and any future performance or results expressed, suggested, or forecast in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•demand for, and supplies of, refined petroleum products (such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and petrochemicals), renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products;
•demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•the effects of public health threats, pandemics, and epidemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic and variants of the virus, governmental and societal responses thereto, including requirements and mandates with respect to vaccines, vaccine distribution and administration levels, and the adverse impacts of the foregoing on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity, including, but not limited to, our growth, operating costs, administrative costs, supply chain, labor availability, logistical capabilities, customer demand for our products, and industry demand generally, margins, production and throughput capacity, utilization, inventory value, cash position, taxes, the price of our securities and trading markets with respect thereto, our ability to access capital markets, and the global economy and financial markets generally;
•acts of terrorism aimed at either our refineries and plants or third-party facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol, or corn related co-products, to receive feedstocks, or otherwise operate efficiently;
•political and economic conditions in nations that produce crude oil or other feedstocks or consume refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol or corn related co-products;
•the ability of the members of opec to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•the level of consumer demand, consumption and overall economic activity, including seasonal fluctuations;
•refinery, renewable diesel plant, or ethanol plant overcapacity or undercapacity;
•the risk that any divestitures may not provide the anticipated benefits or may result in unforeseen detriments;
•the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity or renewable fuels production in response to market conditions;
•the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, weather events, civil unrest, expropriation of assets, and other economic, diplomatic, legislative, or political events or developments, terrorism, cyberattacks, or other catastrophes or disruptions affecting our operations, production facilities, machinery, pipelines and other logistics assets, equipment, or information systems, or any of the foregoing of our suppliers, customers, or third-party service providers;
•changes in the cost or availability of transportation or storage capacity for feedstocks and our products;
•political pressure and influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders upon policies and decisions related to the production, transportation, storage, refining, processing, marketing, and sales of crude oil or other feedstocks, refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol, or corn related co-products;
•the price, availability, technology related to, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles, as well as sentiment and perceptions with respect to ghg emissions more generally;
•the levels of government subsidies for, and executive orders, mandates, or other policies with respect to, alternative fuels, alternative-fuel vehicles, and other low-carbon technologies or initiatives, including those related to carbon capture, carbon sequestration, and low-carbon fuels, or affecting the price of natural gas and/or electricity;
•the volatility in the market price of compliance credits (primarily rins needed to comply with the rfs) and emission credits needed under the other environmental emissions programs;
•delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned capital projects;
•earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and other weather events, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of electricity, natural gas, crude oil, waste and renewable feedstocks, corn, and other feedstocks, critical supplies, refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol;
•rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, including unexpected environmental remediation costs, in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by governmental authorities, such as tariffs, environmental regulations, changes to income tax rates, introduction of a global minimum tax, tax changes or restrictions impacting the foreign repatriation of cash, actions implemented under the renewable and low-carbon fuel blending programs and the other environmental emissions programs, including changes to volume requirements or other obligations or exemptions under the rfs, and actions arising from the epa's or other governmental agencies' regulations, policies, or initiatives concerning ghgs, including mandates for or bans of specific technology, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•changing economic, regulatory, and political environments and related events in the various countries in which we operate or otherwise do business, including expropriation or impoundment of assets, failure of foreign governments and state-owned entities to honor their contracts, property disputes, and decisions, investigations, regulations, issuances or revocations of permits and other authorizations, and other actions, policies and initiatives by the states, counties, cities, and other jurisdictions in the countries in which we operate or otherwise do business;
•changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•the operating, financing, and distribution decisions of our joint ventures or other joint venture members that we do not control;
•changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, and the peruvian sol relative to the u.s. dollar;
•the adequacy of capital resources and liquidity, including availability, timing, and amounts of cash flow or our ability to borrow or access financial markets;
•the costs, disruption, and diversion of resources associated with campaigns and negative publicity commenced by investors, stakeholders, or other interested parties;
•overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets; and
•other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those expressed, suggested, or forecast in any forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k and we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by applicable securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing, as it may be updated or modified by our future filings with the sec. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events unless we are required by applicable securities laws to do so.
non-gaap financial measures the discussions in "overview and outlook," "results of operations," and "liquidity and capital resources" below include references to financial measures that are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted operating income (loss) (including adjusted operating income (loss) for each of our reportable segments, as applicable); refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin; and capital investments attributable to valero. we have included these non-gaap financial measures to help facilitate the comparison of operating results between years, to help assess our cash flows, and because we believe they provide useful information as discussed further below. see the tables in note (e) beginning on page 51 for reconciliations of adjusted operating income (loss) (including adjusted operating income (loss) for each of our reportable segments, as applicable) and refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures. also in note (e), we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of such non-gaap financial measures provides useful information. see the table on page 60 for a reconciliation of capital investments attributable to valero to its most directly comparable gaap financial measure. on page 59, we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of this non-gaap financial measure provides useful information.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic to our business the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted our business. although we experienced improvements in our business in 2021 compared to the significant negative effects from the pandemic in 2020, the long-term implications of the pandemic on our results of operations and financial position remain uncertain. information about the uncertainties of the covid-19 pandemic on our business is discussed in item 1a. risk factors-the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and the related events and circumstances have had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity and those of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties." and note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
overview and outlook overview business operations update our business continued to recover throughout 2021 after experiencing significant negative effects from a decrease in demand and market prices for most of our products in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the outbreak of covid-19 and its development into a pandemic in march 2020 disrupted the global economy and significantly reduced the demand and market prices for most of our products, primarily gasoline and diesel. however, by mid-2020, we began experiencing increased demand and higher market prices for most of our products, and these improvements continued throughout 2021 along with the ongoing recovery of the global economy as worldwide efforts to address the virus progressed, including the development and distribution of multiple covid-19 vaccines and therapeutics. gasoline and diesel demand returned to pre-pandemic levels during 2021 in most of the regions where we operate, and at times during 2021, we experienced demand for diesel in excess of pre-pandemic levels. jet fuel demand also improved in 2021, although at a slower pace than other products we produce relative to pre-pandemic levels. these improvements in demand and an associated increase in refining margins were primary contributors to us reporting $930 million of net income attributable to valero stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2021. our operating results for 2021, including operating results by segment, are described in the following summary, and detailed descriptions can be found below under "results of operations."
our improved 2021 results, however, were negatively impacted by estimated excess energy costs of $579 million ($467 million after taxes) as a result of a significant increase in the cost of electricity and natural gas at certain of our refineries and ethanol plants arising out of winter storm uri in february 2021. in addition, our operations were negatively impacted by hurricane ida in august 2021, which caused us to shut down two refineries and our renewable diesel plant in louisiana in preparation for the storm. although the refineries and the plant sustained minimal damage from the hurricane, we were delayed from restarting operations until electrical supply and other utilities were restored and from shipping product to our customers until the mississippi river was reopened to ship and barge traffic.
as a result of our improved business and overall market conditions, our operations generated $5.9 billion of cash in 2021, which included the receipt of our 2020 u.s. federal income tax refund of $962 million in may 2021. this cash was used to make $2.5 billion of capital investments in our business and return $1.6 billion to our stockholders through dividend payments. in addition, we reduced our long-term debt by $1.3 billion in 2021 through a series of debt reduction and refinancing transactions, as described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. as a result of this and other activity, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $809 million during 2021, from $3.3 billion as of december 31, 2020 to $4.1 billion as of december 31, 2021. we had $9.3 billion in liquidity as of december 31, 2021. the components of our liquidity and descriptions of our cash flows, capital investments, and other matters impacting our liquidity and capital resources, can be found below under "liquidity and capital resources."
for 2021, we reported net income attributable to valero stockholders of $930 million compared to a net loss attributable to valero stockholders of $1.4 billion for 2020. the increase of $2.4 billion was primarily due to higher operating income of $3.7 billion, partially offset by higher income tax expense of $1.2 billion. the details of our operating income (loss) and adjusted operating income (loss) by segment and in total are reflected below. adjusted operating income (loss) excludes the adjustments reflected in the tables in note (e) on page 51.
2021                                                                          2020                       change refining segment:
operating income (loss)                   $1,862                      $(1,342)                      $3,204
adjusted operating income (loss)           1,945                       (1,105)                       3,050
operating income                             709                           638                          71
adjusted operating income                    712                           638                          74
operating income (loss)                      473                          (69)                         542
adjusted operating income (loss)             522                          (36)                         558
operating income (loss)                    2,130                       (1,579)                       3,709
adjusted operating income (loss)           2,265                       (1,309)                       3,574
while our operating income increased by $3.7 billion in 2021 compared to 2020, adjusted operating income increased by $3.6 billion primarily due to the following:
•refining segment. refining segment adjusted operating income increased by $3.1 billion primarily due to higher gasoline and distillate (primarily diesel) margins and higher throughput volumes, partially offset by the higher cost of compliance credits, lower discounts on crude oils, and estimated excess energy costs arising from winter storm uri.
•renewable diesel segment. renewable diesel segment adjusted operating income increased by $74 million primarily due to higher renewable diesel prices and higher sales volumes, partially offset by higher feedstock costs, an unfavorable impact from commodity derivative instruments associated with our price risk management activities, and higher operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense).
•ethanol segment. ethanol segment adjusted operating income increased by $558 million primarily due to higher ethanol and corn related co-product prices and higher production volumes, partially offset by higher corn prices and estimated excess energy costs arising from winter storm uri.
outlook as previously discussed, many uncertainties remain with respect to the covid-19 pandemic, and while it is difficult to predict the ultimate economic impacts that the pandemic will have on us and how quickly we can (or ultimately will) fully recover once the pandemic subsides, we have noted several factors below that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2022.
•gasoline and diesel demand has returned to pre-pandemic levels and is expected to follow typical seasonal patterns. jet fuel demand continues to improve slowly but remains below pre-pandemic levels.
•sour crude oil discounts are expected to continue to improve as opec increases its production of sour crude oils in response to anticipated continued growth in global crude oil demand.
•renewable diesel margins are expected to moderate from the levels achieved in 2021. following the start-up of the expansion of the dgd plant in the fourth quarter of 2021, renewable diesel production capacity increased by 410 million gallons per year, from 290 million gallons to 700 million gallons per year.
•ethanol margins are expected to decline from the record high levels achieved in 2021 as ethanol inventory levels rise throughout the u.s. market.
results of operations the following tables, including the reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures in note (e), highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market reference prices that directly impact our operations. note references in this section can be found on pages 50 through 53.
financial highlights by segment and total company
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                               $106,947                       $1,874                        $5,156                             $-                         $113,977
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other (a)                                                                                  97,759                        1,438                         4,428                          (911)                          102,714
operating expenses (excluding depreciation andamortization expense reflected below) (a)                           5,088                          134                           556                            (2)                            5,776
total cost of sales                                                                                             105,016                        1,630                         5,115                          (913)                          110,848
other operating expenses                                                                                             83                            3                             1                              -                               87
operating income by segment                                                                                      $1,862                         $709                          $473                         $(914)                            2,130
interest and debt expense, net of capitalizedinterest                                                                                                                                                                                        (603)
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                                $60,840                       $1,055                        $3,017                             $-                          $64,912
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other (b)                                                                                  56,093                          500                         2,784                          (444)                           58,933
lower of cost or market (lcm) inventoryvaluation adjustment                                                        (19)                            -                             -                              -                             (19)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)                              3,944                           85                           406                              -                            4,435
total cost of sales                                                                                              62,156                          629                         3,311                          (444)                           65,652
other operating expenses                                                                                             34                            -                             1                              -                               35
operating income (loss) by segment                                                                             $(1,342)                         $638                         $(69)                         $(806)                          (1,579)
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                                                                       (563)
loss before income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                                                             (2,010)
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (903)
average market reference prices and differentials year ended december 31,
conventional blendstock of oxygenate blending (cbob)gasoline less brent           13.66                            2.97
average market reference prices and differentials, (continued)
renewable diesel new york mercantile exchange uls diesel (dollars per gallon)             $2.07                         $1.25
chicago board of trade (cbot) soybean oil (dollars per pound)             0.58                          0.32
total company, corporate, and other the following table includes selected financial data for the total company, corporate, and other for 2021 and 2020. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2021                                                                                                                                2020                       change revenues                                                                                        $113,977                     $64,912                     $49,065
cost of materials and other (see notes (a) and (b))                                              102,714                      58,933                      43,781
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) (see note (a))                5,776                       4,435                       1,341
last-in, first-out (lifo) liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                        -                         224                       (224)
operating income (loss)                                                                            2,130                     (1,579)                       3,709
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (e))                                                    2,265                     (1,309)                       3,574
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                             (603)                       (563)                        (40)
income tax expense (benefit) (see note (d))                                                          255                       (903)                       1,158
revenues increased by $49.1 billion in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increases in the product prices of the petroleum-based transportation fuels associated with sales made by our refining segment. this increase in revenues was partially offset by an increase in cost of materials and other of $43.8 billion primarily due to increases in crude oil and other feedstock costs; higher operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) of $1.3 billion, which includes the impact of estimated excess energy costs of $532 million arising out of winter storm uri; and an increase in general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) of $109 million primarily due to an increase in certain employee compensation expenses of $69 million, higher advertising expenses of $15 million, and higher charitable contributions of $12 million. the increase in cost of materials and other was partially offset by the favorable effect from a $224 million lifo liquidation adjustment in 2020.
these changes resulted in a $3.7 billion increase in operating income, from an operating loss of $1.6 billion in 2020 to operating income of $2.1 billion in 2021.
adjusted operating income increased by $3.6 billion, from an adjusted operating loss of $1.3 billion in 2020 to adjusted operating income of $2.3 billion in 2021. the components of this $3.6 billion increase in adjusted operating income are discussed by segment in the segment analyses that follow.
"other income, net" decreased by $116 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to a charge of $193 million from the early redemption and retirement of debt and an asset impairment loss of $24 million resulting from the cancellation of a pipeline extension project by our nonconsolidated joint venture, diamond pipeline llc, partially offset by the gain of $62 million on the sale of a 24.99 percent membership interest in mvp terminalling, llc (mvp). these items occurred in 2021 and are more fully described in note (c).
"interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest" increased by $40 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the effect of 2021 reflecting a full year of interest expense associated with $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of debt we issued in public debt offerings in 2020. see note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income tax expense increased by $1.2 billion in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily as a result of higher income before income tax expense. in addition, the increase in income tax expense was impacted by a $64 million charge, which resulted from certain statutory tax rate changes in 2021, as discussed in note (d), as well as a higher benefit in 2020 of $304 million associated with the u.s. federal tax net operating loss for 2020, which was carried back to 2015 when the u.s. federal statutory rate was 35 percent. see note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these tax matters.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased by $44 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher earnings associated with dgd, a consolidated joint venture. see note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements regarding our accounting for dgd.
refining segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our refining segment for 2021 and 2020. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2021                                                                                                                     2020                                              change operating income (loss)                                                                                     $1,862                      $(1,342)                      $3,204
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (e))                                                              1,945                       (1,105)                       3,050
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below) (see note (a))           5,088                         3,944                       1,144
refining segment operating income increased by $3.2 billion in 2021; however, refining segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (e), increased by $3.1 billion in 2021 compared to 2020. the components of this increase in the adjusted results, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are outlined below.
refining segment margin is primarily affected by the prices of the petroleum-based transportation fuels that we sell and the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks that we process. the table on page 44 reflects market reference prices and differentials that we believe had a material impact on the change in our refining segment margin in 2021 compared to 2020.
◦an increase in gasoline margins had a favorable impact of approximately $3.8 billion.
◦an increase in distillate (primarily diesel) margins had a favorable impact of approximately $1.7 billion.
◦an increase in throughput volumes of 232,000 bpd had a favorable impact of approximately $766 million. as noted above in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update," we continued to recover from the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic throughout 2021 and have increased production of most of our products at our refineries to align with improvements in demand.
◦an increase in the cost of credits (primarily rins) needed to comply with the renewable and low-carbon fuels blending programs had an unfavorable impact of $1.3 billion.
◦lower discounts on crude oils had an unfavorable impact of approximately $710 million.
•refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased by $1.1 billion primarily due to higher energy costs of $845 million, which includes the effect of estimated excess energy costs arising out of winter storm uri of $478 million (see note (a)), and an increase in certain employee compensation expenses of $138 million.
renewable diesel segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our renewable diesel segment for 2021 and 2020. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2021                                                                                                                       2020                     change operating income                                                                             $709                      $638                       $71
adjusted operating income (see note (e))                                                      712                       638                        74
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below)           134                        85                        49
renewable diesel segment operating income increased by $71 million in 2021; however, renewable diesel segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustment in the table in note (e), increased by $74 million in 2021 compared to 2020. the components of this increase in the adjusted results, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are outlined below.
renewable diesel segment margin is primarily affected by the price of the renewable diesel that we sell and the cost of the feedstocks that we process. the table on page 45 reflects market reference prices that we believe had a material impact on the change in our renewable diesel segment margin in 2021 compared to 2020.
◦higher renewable diesel prices had a favorable impact of approximately $768 million.
◦an increase in sales volumes of 227,000 gallons per day had a favorable impact of approximately $202 million. the increase in sales volume was primarily due to the additional production capacity resulting from the expansion of the dgd plant that commenced operations in the fourth quarter of 2021.
◦an increase in the cost of the feedstocks we process had an unfavorable impact of approximately $731 million.
◦price risk management activities had an unfavorable impact of $80 million. we recognized a hedge loss of $46 million in 2021 compared to a hedge gain of $34 million in 2020.
•renewable diesel segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased by $49 million primarily due to higher chemical and catalyst costs of $14 million, higher outside services of $11 million, an increase in certain employee compensation expenses of $11 million, and higher energy costs of $4 million.
ethanol segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our ethanol segment for 2021 and 2020. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables, unless otherwise noted.
2021                                                                                                                                        2020                     change operating income (loss)                                                                                       $473                     $(69)                      $542
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (e))                                                                522                      (36)                       558
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortizationexpense reflected below) (see note (a))             556                       406                       150
ethanol segment operating income increased by $542 million in 2021; however, ethanol segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (e), increased by $558 million in 2021 compared to 2020. the components of this increase in the adjusted results, along with the reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
ethanol segment margin is primarily affected by prices of the ethanol and corn related co-products that we sell and the cost of corn that we process. the table on page 45 reflects market reference prices that we believe had a material impact on the change in our ethanol segment margin in 2021 compared to 2020.
◦higher ethanol prices had a favorable impact of approximately $1.4 billion.
◦higher prices on the co-products that we produce, primarily ddgs, had a favorable impact of approximately $270 million.
◦an increase in production volumes of 361,000 gallons per day had a favorable impact of approximately $114 million. as noted above in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update," we continued to recover from the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic throughout 2021 and have increased the aggregate production of ethanol across our plants to align with improvements in demand.
◦higher corn prices had an unfavorable impact of approximately $1.1 billion.
•ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased by $150 million primarily due to higher energy costs, which includes the effect of estimated excess energy costs arising out of winter storm uri of $54 million (see note (a)).
(a)in mid-february 2021, many of our refineries and plants were impacted to varying extents by the severe cold, utility disruptions, and higher energy costs arising out of winter storm uri. the higher energy costs resulted from an increase in the prices of natural gas and electricity that significantly exceeded rates that we consider normal, such as the average rates we incurred the month preceding the storm. as a result, our operating income for the year ended december 31, 2021 includes estimated excess energy costs of $579 million.
the above-mentioned pre-tax estimated excess energy charge is reflected in our statement of income line items and attributable to our reportable segments for the year ended december 31, 2021 as follows (in millions):
refining   renewable                  ethanol                       total diesel cost of materials and other                                                    $47        $-                         $-                          $47
operating expenses (excluding depreciationand amortization expense)            478        -                 54                      532
(b)cost of materials and other for the year ended december 31, 2020 includes a charge of $224 million related to the liquidation of lifo inventory layers attributable to our refining and ethanol segments. our inventory levels decreased throughout 2020 due to lower production resulting from lower demand for our products caused by the negative economic impacts of covid-19 on our business. as a result, our inventory levels at december 31, 2020 were below their december 31, 2019 levels. of the $224 million charge recognized for the year ended december 31, 2020, $222 million and $2 million is attributable to our refining and ethanol segments, respectively.
•a gain of $62 million on the sale of a 24.99 percent membership interest in mvp, a nonconsolidated joint venture with a subsidiary of magellan midstream partners, l.p., for $270 million;
•a charge of $24 million representing our portion of the asset impairment loss recognized by diamond pipeline llc, a nonconsolidated joint venture with a subsidiary of plains all american pipeline, l.p., resulting from the joint venture's cancellation of its pipeline extension project; and
•a charge of $193 million from the early redemption and retirement of approximately $2.1 billion aggregate principal amount of various series of our senior notes during the year ended december 31, 2021.
(d)certain statutory income tax rate changes (primarily an increase in the u.k. rate from 19 percent to 25 percent effective in 2023) were enacted during the year ended december 31, 2021 that resulted in the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities. under gaap, we are required to recognize the effect of a change in tax law in the period of enactment. as a result, we recognized deferred income tax expense of $64 million during the year ended december 31, 2021, which represents the net increase in our deferred tax liabilities resulting from the changes in the tax rates.
(e)we use certain financial measures (as noted below) that are not defined under gaap and are considered to be non-gaap financial measures.
we have defined these non-gaap measures and believe they are useful to the external users of our financial statements, including industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. we believe these measures are useful to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to their most comparable gaap measures, they provide improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as alternatives to their most comparable gaap measures nor should they be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as reported under gaap. in addition, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define them differently, which diminishes their utility.
non-gaap financial measures are as follows:
•refining margin is defined as refining segment operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating income (loss)to refining margin refining operating income (loss)                                                             $1,862                                                  $(1,342)
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                                        -                                                       222
lcm inventory valuation adjustment                                                                -                                                      (19)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) (see note (a))           5,088                                                     3,944
other operating expenses                                                                         83                                                        34
•renewable diesel margin is defined as renewable diesel segment operating income excluding operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of renewable diesel operating incometo renewable diesel margin renewable diesel operating income                                                      $709                                                  $638
adjustments:
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)                    134                                                    85
other operating expenses                                                                  3                                                     -
•ethanol margin is defined as ethanol segment operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income (loss) to ethanol margin ethanol operating income (loss)                                                                $473                                                 $(69)
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                                        -                                                     2
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) (see note (a))             556                                                   406
other operating expenses                                                                          1                                                     1
•adjusted refining operating income (loss) is defined as refining segment operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating income (loss)to adjusted refining operating income (loss)
refining operating income (loss)                                                                         $1,862                                                  $(1,342)
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                                                    -                                                       222
lcm inventory valuation adjustment                                                                            -                                                      (19)
other operating expenses                                                                                     83                                                        34
adjusted refining operating income (loss)                                                                $1,945                                                  $(1,105)
•adjusted renewable diesel operating income is defined as renewable diesel segment operating income excluding other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of renewable diesel operating incometo adjusted renewable diesel operating income renewable diesel operating income                                                                           $709                                                  $638
adjustment: other operating expenses                                                                           3                                                     -
adjusted renewable diesel operating income                                                                  $712                                                  $638
•adjusted ethanol operating income (loss) is defined as ethanol segment operating income (loss) excluding the changes in estimated useful lives of two of our ethanol plants, the lifo liquidation adjustment, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income (loss)to adjusted ethanol operating income (loss)
ethanol operating income (loss)                                                                       $473                                                 $(69)
adjustments:
changes in estimated useful lives of two ethanol plants                                                 48                                                    30
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                                               -                                                     2
other operating expenses                                                                                 1                                                     1
adjusted ethanol operating income (loss)                                                              $522                                                 $(36)
•adjusted operating income (loss) is defined as total company operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, the changes in estimated useful lives of two of our ethanol plants, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of total company operating income (loss)to adjusted operating income (loss)
total company operating income (loss)                                                                 $2,130                                                  $(1,579)
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (b))                                                                 -                                                       224
lcm inventory valuation adjustment                                                                         -                                                      (19)
changes in estimated useful lives of two ethanol plants                                                   48                                                        30
other operating expenses                                                                                  87                                                        35
adjusted operating income (loss)                                                                      $2,265                                                  $(1,309)
liquidity and capital resources overview our liquidity was positively impacted by the cash generated by our operations in 2021 notwithstanding the lingering impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, excess energy costs arising out of winter storm uri, and the effects of hurricane ida, as described in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update."
we completed debt reduction and refinancing transactions in 2021 that reduced our long-term debt by $1.3 billion. our refinancing transactions included the issuance of $500 million of 2.800 percent senior notes due december 1, 2031 and $950 million of 3.650 percent senior notes due december 1, 2051. proceeds from these issuances and cash on hand were used to repurchase and retire, or redeem approximately $2.1 billion of various series of our senior notes. in addition, we redeemed our $575 million floating rate senior notes due september 15, 2023.
in february 2022, we completed additional debt reduction and refinancing transactions that reduced our long-term debt by an additional $750 million. these additional refinancing transactions included the issuance of $650 million of 4.000 percent senior notes due june 1, 2052. proceeds from this issuance and cash on hand were used to repurchase and retire approximately $1.4 billion of various series of our senior notes.
our liquidity our liquidity consisted of the following as of december 31, 2021 (in millions):
available capacity from our committed facilities (a):
letter of credit facility                                                   50
total available capacity                                                 5,177
(a)excludes the committed facilities of the consolidated vies.
(b)the amount for our canadian revolver is shown in u.s. dollars. as set forth in the summary of our credit facilities in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements, the availability under our canadian revolver as of december 31, 2021 in canadian dollars was c$145 million.
(c)excludes $36 million of cash and cash equivalents related to the consolidated vies that is available for use only by the vies.
information about our outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued, and availability under our credit facilities is reflected in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements may increase. as of december 31, 2021, all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt, including debt guaranteed by us, were at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating agency                                rating moody's investors service                    baa2 (negative outlook)
standard &amp; poor's ratings services       bbb (stable outlook)
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
we believe we have sufficient funds from operations and from available capacity under our credit facilities to fund our ongoing operating requirements and other commitments over the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional cash through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
cash flows components of our cash flows are set forth below (in millions):
operating activities                                                                                                    $5,859                            $948
repayments of debt and finance lease obligations(including premiums on early redemption andretirement of debt)         (3,214)                           (495)
effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash                                                                           (45)                             130
in 2021, we used $5.9 billion of cash generated by our operations and $1.8 billion in debt issuances and borrowings to make $2.2 billion of investments in our business, repay $3.2 billion of debt and finance lease obligations (including premiums on the early redemption and retirement of debt), fund $1.5 billion of other financing activities, and increase our available cash on hand by $809 million. the debt issuances, borrowings, and repayments are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $5.9 billion of cash in 2021, driven primarily by noncash charges to income of $2.3 billion, a positive change in working capital of $2.2 billion, and net income of $1.3 billion. noncash charges primarily included $2.4 billion of depreciation and amortization expense and a $193 million loss on the early redemption and retirement of debt, partially offset by a $126 million deferred income tax benefit and a $62 million gain on the sale of a partial interest in mvp, as described in note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of the significant components of our net income.
our investing activities of $2.2 billion consisted of $2.5 billion in capital investments, as defined below under "capital investments," of which $1.0 billion related to self-funded capital investments by dgd and $110 million related to capital expenditures of vies other than dgd, partially offset by $270 million of proceeds received from the sale of a partial interest in mvp, as described in note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
other financing activities of $1.5 billion consisted primarily of $1.6 billion in dividend payments and $27 million for the purchase of common stock for treasury in connection with stock-based compensation plans, partially offset by $189 million in contributions from noncontrolling interests.
in 2020, we used $948 million of cash generated by our operations and $4.6 billion in debt issuances and borrowings to make $2.4 billion of investments in our business, repay $495 million of debt and finance lease obligations, fund $2.0 billion of other financing activities, and increase our available cash on hand by $730 million. the debt issuances, borrowings, and repayments are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $948 million of cash in 2020, which resulted from noncash charges to income of $2.4 billion, partially offset by an unfavorable change in working capital of $345 million. noncash charges primarily included $2.4 billion of depreciation and amortization expense and $158 million of deferred income tax expense. the change in working capital was affected primarily by a $740 million use of cash4 resulting from the rapid decline in market prices of refined petroleum products and crude oil as a result of the negative economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic that impacted our receivables and accounts payable. this use of cash, along with other uses of cash, were partially offset by a $1.0 billion source of cash driven by a reduction in inventory levels on hand. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of the significant components of our net loss.
our investing activities of $2.4 billion consisted of $2.5 billion in capital investments, of which $548 million related to self-funded capital investments by dgd and $251 million related to capital expenditures of vies other than dgd.
4 represents the net cash flow change in "receivables, net" of $3.3 billion and accounts payable of $4.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2020, as described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
other financing activities of $2.0 billion consisted primarily of $1.6 billion in dividend payments, $208 million to pay distributions to noncontrolling interests, and $156 million for the purchase of common stock for treasury.
our capital resources our material cash requirements as of december 31, 2021 primarily consist of working capital requirements, capital investments, contractual obligations, and other matters, as described below. our operations have historically generated positive cash flows to fulfill our working capital requirements.
capital investments capital investments are comprised of our capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures, as reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows as shown on page 75. capital investments exclude strategic investments or acquisitions, if any.
we also identify our capital investments by the nature of the project with which the expenditure is associated as follows:
•sustaining capital investments are generally associated with projects that are expected to extend the lives of our property assets, sustain their operating capabilities and safety (including deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures), or comply with regulatory requirements. regulatory compliance capital investments are generally associated with projects that are incurred to comply with governmental regulatory requirements, such as requirements to reduce emissions and prohibited elements from our products.
•growth capital investments, including low-carbon growth capital investments that support the development and growth of our low-carbon renewable diesel and ethanol businesses, are generally associated with projects for the construction of new property assets that are expected to enhance our profitability and cash-generating capabilities, including investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures.
we have developed an extensive multi-year capital investment program, which we update and revise based on changing internal and external factors. the following table reflects our expected capital investments for the year ending december 31, 2022 by nature of the project and reportable segment, along with historical amounts for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (in millions). the following table also reflects capital investments attributable to valero, which is a non-gaap measure that we define and reconcile to capital investments below under "capital investments attributable to valero."
capital investments by nature of the project (b):
sustaining capital investments                                                                       $1,290                      $1,129                      $1,126
growth capital investments:
low-carbon growth capital investments                                                                   760                       1,042                         566
other growth capital investments                                                                        340                         296                         798
total growth capital investments                                                                      1,100                       1,338                       1,364
total capital investments                                                                            $2,390                      $2,467                      $2,490
capital investments by segment:
total capital investments                                                                             2,390                       2,467                       2,490
adjustments:
renewable diesel capital investments attributableto the other joint venture member in dgd             (390)                       (524)                       (274)
capital expenditures of other vies                                                                        -                       (110)                       (251)
capital investments attributable to valero                                                           $2,000                      $1,833                      $1,965
(a)all expected amounts for the year ending december 31, 2022 exclude capital expenditures that the consolidated vies other than dgd may incur because we do not operate those vies.
(b)capital investments attributable to valero by nature of the project are as follows (in millions):
sustaining capital investments                    $1,275                      $1,105                      $1,110
growth capital investments:
low-carbon growth capital investments                385                         538                         308
other growth capital investments                     340                         190                         547
total growth capital investments                     725                         728                         855
total capital investments                         $2,000                      $1,833                      $1,965
we have publicly announced ghg emissions reduction/offset targets for 2025 and 2035. we believe that our expected allocation of growth capital into lower-carbon projects is consistent with such targets. certain of these lower-carbon projects have been completed or are already in execution and the associated capital investments are included in our expected capital investments for 2022. our capital investments in future years to achieve these targets are expected to include investments associated with certain lower-carbon projects currently at various stages of progress, evaluation, or approval. see "items 1. and 2. business and properties-our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy-our low-carbon projects" for a description of our low-carbon projects.
capital investments attributable to valero capital investments attributable to valero is a non-gaap financial measure that reflects our net share of capital investments and is defined as all capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures, excluding the portion of dgd's capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member and all of the capital expenditures of other consolidated vies.
we are a 50 percent joint venture member in dgd and consolidate its financial statements. as a result, all of dgd's net cash provided by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in our consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. dgd's members use dgd's operating cash flow (excluding changes in its current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments rather than distribute all of that cash to themselves. because dgd's operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each member, only 50 percent of dgd's capital investments should be attributed to our net share of capital investments. we also exclude all of the capital expenditures of other vies that we consolidate because we do not operate those vies. see note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for more information about the vies that we consolidate. we believe capital investments attributable to valero is an important measure because it more accurately reflects our capital investments.
capital investments attributable to valero should not be considered as an alternative to capital investments, which is the most comparable gaap measure, nor should it be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our cash flows as reported under gaap. in addition, this non-gaap measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define it differently, which may diminish its utility.
reconciliation of capital investmentsto capital investments attributable to valero capital expenditures (excluding vies)                                                          $513                          $1,014
capital expenditures of vies:
deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expendituresof dgd                                          6                              25
capital investments                                                                           2,467                           2,490
adjustments:
dgd's capital investments attributable to our jointventure member                             (524)                           (274)
capital expenditures of other vies                                                            (110)                           (251)
capital investments attributable to valero                                                   $1,833                          $1,965
contractual obligations below is a summary of our contractual obligations (in millions) as of december 31, 2021 that are expected to be paid within the next year and thereafter. these obligations are reflected in our balance sheets, except (i) the interest payments related to debt obligations, operating lease liabilities, and finance lease obligations and (ii) purchase obligations.
operating lease liabilities (c)                                351                         1,157                         1,508
(a)debt obligations are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item and includes a maturity analysis of our debt. debt obligations exclude amounts related to net unamortized debt issuance costs and other.
(b)interest payments related to debt obligations are the expected payments based on information available as of december 31, 2021.
(c)operating lease liabilities and finance lease obligations are described in note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item and includes maturity analyses of remaining minimum lease payments. operating lease liabilities and finance lease obligations reflected in this table include related interest expense.
(d)other long-term liabilities are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. other long-term liabilities exclude amounts related to the long-term portion of operating lease liabilities that are separately presented above.
(e)purchase obligations are described in note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this item. purchase obligations are based on (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (ii) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions.
the amounts outstanding associated with the debt instruments described below are reflected in current portion of debt and finance lease obligations in our balance sheet as of december 31, 2021, and they are also included in the table above in debt obligations - short-term. however, the final cash flows for these instruments cannot be predicted with certainty at this time for the reasons noted below.
•the $300 million of 4.00 percent gulf opportunity zone revenue bonds series 2010 (go zone bonds) are due december 1, 2040, but they are subject to mandatory tender on june 1, 2022 (the mandatory tender date) at a price equal to par plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the mandatory tender date. however, we have the option to effectuate a remarketing of these bonds, and we currently expect to remarket them effective on or soon after the mandatory tender date or otherwise refinance them, but we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to do so.
•the ienova revolver, as defined and described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements, is subject to repayment on demand; however, we do not expect the lender to demand repayment during the next 12 months.
we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources stock purchase program on january 23, 2018, our board authorized the 2018 program for the purchase of our outstanding common stock. as of december 31, 2021, we had $1.4 billion available for purchase under the 2018 program, which has no expiration date. we have not purchased any shares of our common stock under the 2018 program since mid-march 2020, and we will evaluate the timing of repurchases when appropriate. we have no obligation to make purchases under this program.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute $116 million to our pension plans and $22 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2022. see note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our employee benefit plans.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of many of our products. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. see note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements for disclosure of our environmental liabilities.
tax matters during 2020, we deferred payment on $250 million of value-added and motor fuel taxes that were otherwise due in 2020 as permitted by various taxing authorities to help companies address the negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. we paid $220 million of the deferred amount in 2021 and the remaining $30 million in january 2022.
cash held by our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2021, $3.3 billion of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. cash held by our foreign subsidiaries can be repatriated to us without any u.s. federal income tax consequences on dividends, but certain other taxes may apply, including, but not limited to, withholding taxes imposed by certain foreign jurisdictions, u.s. state income taxes, and u.s. federal income tax on foreign exchange gains. therefore, there is a cost to repatriate cash held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries to us. however, we have accrued for withholding taxes and u.s. state income taxes on a portion of the cash held by certain of our foreign subsidiaries and we believe that the remaining cost is not material to our financial position and liquidity.
concentration of customers our operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined petroleum product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions, including the uncertainties concerning the covid-19 pandemic and volatility in the global crude oil markets. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable. see also "item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business, industry, and operations-legal, regulatory, and political matters and developments regarding climate change, ghg or other air emissions, fuel efficiency, or the environment may decrease the demand for our petroleum-based products and could adversely affect our performance."
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable. unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions used in determining our estimates is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
unrecognized tax benefits we take tax positions in our tax returns from time to time that ultimately may not be allowed by the relevant taxing authorities. when we take such positions, we evaluate the likelihood of sustaining those positions and determine the amount of tax benefit arising from such positions, if any, that should be recognized in our financial statements. tax benefits not recognized by us are recorded as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which represents our potential future obligation to various taxing authorities if the tax positions are not sustained.
the evaluation of tax positions and the determination of the benefit arising from such positions that are recognized in our financial statements requires us to make significant judgments and estimates based on an analysis of complex tax laws and regulations and related interpretations. these judgments and estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the progress of ongoing tax audits, case law, and changes in legislation.
details of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, along with other information about our unrecognized tax benefits, are included in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets (primarily property, plant, and equipment) are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. a long-lived asset is not recoverable if its carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. if a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value, with fair value determined based on discounted estimated net cash flows or other appropriate methods.
in order to test for recoverability, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset being evaluated. such estimates include, but are not limited to, assumptions about future sales volumes, commodity prices, operating costs, margins, the use or disposition of the asset, the asset's estimated remaining useful life, and future expenditures necessary to maintain the asset's existing service potential in light of existing and expected regulations. due to the significant subjectivity of the assumptions used to test for recoverability, changes in market conditions could result in significant impairment charges in the future, thus affecting our earnings.
as of december 31, 2021, we determined there was no impairment of our long-lived assets.