Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. If we cannot continue to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer. The process of developing new high technology products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Additionally, any delay in the development, production, marketing or offering of a new product or service or enhancement to an existing product or service could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenues, earnings or stock price and weakening our competitive position. We maintain strategic relationships with third parties to market certain of our products and support certain product functionality. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our strategic relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace would be impaired and our operating results would suffer. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, introduce new products and services on a timely and cost-effective basis, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate and respond to emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological developments. Market acceptance of new product and service offerings will be dependent on our ability to include functionality and usability that address certain customer requirements and to optimally price our products in light of marketplace conditions. We devote significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings in markets where our operating history is less extensive. These new offerings and markets may require a considerable investment of technical, financial, compliance and sales resources. Our increased emphasis on a cloud strategy may give rise to risks that could harm our business. Our business has shifted away from pre-packaged creative software to focus on a subscription model that prices and delivers our products in a way that differs from historical pricing and delivery methods. This cloud strategy requires continued investment in product development and cloud operations, and may give rise to risks related to the timing of revenue recognition. We process a significant volume of transactions on a daily basis in both our digital marketing and digital media businesses. Effective processing systems and controls are essential; but even the most sophisticated systems may not be effective in preventing all errors. If we are unable to effectively manage these systems and processes, we may be unable to process customer data in an accurate, reliable and timely manner, which may harm our customer relationships or results of operations. Our reliance on third-party service providers for hosting and delivering services and data exposes us to liability and harm to our business and reputation. We also rely heavily on third-party customer service and technical support representatives working on our behalf, and we expect to continue to rely heavily on third parties in the future. Our long sales cycle for enterprise offerings makes it difficult to predict when a given sales cycle will close. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the continued timely development of new and enhanced products.