We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, and data. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, or personal information belonging to the company, its patients, customers, or other business partners, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. While in the past we have experienced cyber-attacks and intrusions into our computer systems, we do not believe that such attacks have had a material adverse effect on our operations. While we continue to invest heavily in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our business will continue to face various challenges. Certain of our products will face increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches. Additionally, certain of the existing patents on our principal products recently expired or will expire this year or over the next few years, and we expect to face increasing competition, including biosimilars. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. The discovery and development of safe and effective new products, as well as the development of additional indications for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. We must develop new products over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched, as well as in order to provide for revenue and earnings growth. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities. However, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Our product sales can be affected by wholesaler and end-user buying patterns. These effects can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales. The continuing prominence of U.S. budget deficits increases the risk that taxes, fees, rebates, or other federal measures that would further reduce our revenues or increase our expenses may be enacted. As a result of economic conditions, the industry continues to experience significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures in certain non-U.S. countries. Our strategy for long-term growth continues to focus on discovery and development of innovative medicines to address serious illnesses, development of branded biosimilars, global expansion, next-generation manufacturing of high-quality biologics, development of improved biologic drug delivery systems, and return of capital to shareholders.