We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems. We could also experience a business interruption, information theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. We rely on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical, and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation, and commercialization. Competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. We may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline, through internal R&D programs or transactions with third parties, to support future revenue growth. We also may not be able to successfully realize the expected efficiencies and effectiveness from changes in our structure and operations to further our diversified specialty biopharmaceuticals strategy. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change and transformational issues, and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We depend on third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, information technology, and other business unit and functional services, and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations. Some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risk, corruption, infrastructure problems, and natural disasters, in addition to country-specific privacy and data security risk given current legal and regulatory environments. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. We continue to evolve our business to a leading diversified specialty biopharma company. The evolution was accelerated as a result of the diabetes business divestiture and continued focus on certain therapeutic areas, including immuno-oncology. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas and are pioneering innovative medicines in immuno-oncology. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop oncology agents in combination regimens.