We rely on information technology in virtually all aspects of our business. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect corporate information assets against intruders, and other operational difficulties. Cyber security risks could adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems, or compromise confidential customer and employee information. If we are unable to acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Our operating businesses face intense competitive pressures within markets in which they operate. Future operating results will depend to some degree on whether our operating units are successful in protecting or enhancing their competitive advantages. The deterioration of general economic conditions may significantly reduce our operating earnings and impair our ability to access capital markets at a reasonable cost. We have taken steps intended to mitigate risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis. Our decentralized business model requires qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries. Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the unavailability of qualified personnel could negatively impact our operating subsidiaries' ability to meet demands of customers to supply goods and services. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount, and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents. Our insurance businesses possess significant capital strength, which creates opportunities to negotiate and enter into contracts designed to meet the unique needs of insurance and reinsurance buyers. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are primarily the responsibility of our chairman and CEO. The principal cost associated with the property and casualty insurance business is claims. We utilize processes and techniques believed to best suit the underlying claims and available data in establishing liability estimates. The timing and amount of loss payments are contingent upon the timing of claim reporting from insureds and cedants and the final determination of the ultimate loss amount through the loss adjustment process. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and such regulations may relate to the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, and the level of capital that must be maintained. We believe that our information management capability is critical to providing data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions.