Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls. We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Furthermore, we depend on our headquarters in New York City, where most of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, we rely on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology and administration of our hedge funds. Any interruption or deterioration in the performance of these third parties or failures of their information systems and technology could impair the quality of the funds' operations and could affect our reputation and hence adversely affect our businesses. The financial services industry generally is presently the subject of heightened scrutiny, and the SEC has specifically focused on private equity. In that connection, the SEC's list of examination priorities includes, among other things, private equity firms' collection of fees and allocation of expenses, their marketing and valuation practices and allocation of investment opportunities. Our ability to raise capital from third party investors depends on a number of factors, including certain factors that are outside our control. Our business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management and from advisory businesses. We are not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and target operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. We require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, or pay distributions to unitholders. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties in our businesses.