Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments, and technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior. Changes in consumer behavior driven by newer products and services may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, we are deploying our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our cable services customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We continue to develop and launch new technology initiatives, such as our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and deploy wireless gateway devices. Our cable communications segment also seeks to leverage our cable services network by expanding and enhancing our business services to medium-sized businesses and launching additional services, such as home security and automation services. We believe that adding more content and delivering it through an increasing variety of platforms will assist in attracting and retaining customers for our cable services. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Our success is also dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. We expect to continue to invest in the deployment of our x1 platform and cloud DVR technology, and the expansion of business services and our home security and automation services. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from subscriptions to our cable services, which we market individually and in bundled service packages, and from the sale of advertising. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content, including in HD, to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. Our ability to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, is supported by our cash flows from operating activities and our ability to obtain future external financing. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities, existing cash, cash equivalents and investments, available borrowings under our existing credit facilities, and our ability to obtain future external financing.