The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, in order to be responsive to the company's customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company's operations. The company's operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors, and its long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products, services and software with higher gross profit margins, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated environment. The company faces intense competition, and if it is unable to compete effectively, it may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. The company must retain longstanding relationships with major customers and continue to grow its business by establishing relationships with new customers, continually developing new products and services to maintain and expand its brand recognition and leadership position in various product and service categories. The company's growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. The company generally sells its products and services in industries characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent new product introductions, and changing industry standards. The company must correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, and anticipate and respond to competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations. The company must also differentiate its offerings from competitors' offerings and avoid commoditization, innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in its served markets. The company’s ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner is crucial, as is its ability to stimulate customer demand for and convince customers to adopt new technologies. The company relies on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities, and any significant disruption in, or breach in security of, these systems could adversely affect its business. The company’s information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and it expects to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. Any of these attacks, breaches, or other disruptions could interrupt operations, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships, and result in legal claims and proceedings, liability, and penalties under privacy laws. The company recognizes that its ability to leverage information technology effectively is critical to maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency, and it must continually assess and enhance its IT capabilities to support its business strategies and processes.