We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. As a result, we often compete against our existing or potential clients’ in-house capabilities. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Security breaches, computer malware, or other cyber attacks could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. We may not be successful in developing, marketing, or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. The success of our electronic commerce businesses also relies in part on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to market our services to their customers. If any of these third parties abandons, curtails, or insufficiently increases its marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. Our key enterprise priorities for 2015 are to continue to build high-quality revenue while meeting our earnings goals, to build and extend client relationships with an increased emphasis on payment and channel solutions, and to deliver innovation and integration which enables differentiation and value for our clients. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our ability to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace will significantly affect our future success. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients.