Our business is rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to rapidly deliver innovative products and technologies to the marketplace and provide products and services that make our search results and ads relevant and useful for our users. As technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. Our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers transition to a dynamic, multi-screen environment. The research and development of new, technologically advanced products is also a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology, market trends, and consumer needs. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems. The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in our services or the failure of our systems. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate, and information technology infrastructure. Our strong brand has significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our users. Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including reputational issues and product/technical performance failures. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations may also impact our business. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues from such investments to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, and inadequate return of capital on our investments.