We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, manage and protect transactions and data. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. Our ability to maintain the integrity, security and consistent access to this data is critical in managing our business. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the purchasing process as customers increasingly use technology and mobile devices to rapidly compare products and prices and to purchase products. We have implemented programs like buy online, pick-up in store and are piloting buy online, deliver from store, but we cannot guarantee that these programs will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. Our success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs. We discovered a data breach in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, which involved the theft of certain payment card information and customer email addresses through unauthorized access to our systems. We are facing at least 57 civil lawsuits filed in the U.S. and Canada as a result of the data breach, and we are also facing investigations by a number of state and federal agencies. Our financial liability arising from these claims and investigations will depend on many factors, including whether our network was in compliance with applicable payment card industry standards at the time of the data breach. We have implemented a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our U.S. stores, offering significant new protection for customers. Our information technology developments enable us to provide an improved overall shopping environment and a multichannel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. The implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. Our interconnected retail focus connects our key initiatives and is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. We believe that our ability to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers is significant for executing our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. Our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers and represent a growing portion of our business. We have made significant investments in our supply chain and technology, which are designed to streamline our operations and provide our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. Our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, and other factors beyond our control. We must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments in multichannel retailing, and disruptions, failures or other performance issues with our customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits they provide to our online and in-store business.