We are also increasing our urban market presence with smaller format stores and investing extensively in on-line sales, content marketing and information searching technology capabilities. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring different skill sets and capabilities than were required by our management, employees and contractors in the past to achieve our objectives. Our leadership development program for our managers at all levels is focused on aligning processes for corporate strategy, business unit strategy and integrated planning to drive alignment, execution and delivery of solutions, including timely delivery and functionality of new technology solutions. Our strategic initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. As customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our website, lowes.com, is a sales channel for our products, and is also a method of making product, project and other relevant information available to them that impacts our in-store sales. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service or other cyber-attacks, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of lowe's as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services. An important part of our efforts to achieve efficiencies, cost reductions, and sales and cash flow growth is the maintenance and ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations such as inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, transportation, receipt processing and product delivery. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we are unable to maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand our systems. We also rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. If these vendors or service providers fail or are unable to perform as expected and we are unable to replace them quickly, our business could be adversely affected, at least temporarily, until we are able to do so and potentially, in some cases, permanently. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retailing environment. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts, gift cards, direct debit from a customer's bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank check. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with the payment card industry data security standards, which represents a common set of industry tools and measurements to help ensure the safe handling of sensitive information. Our failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems and assets and such information from the threat of cyber-attacks could adversely affect our business. Cyber-attacks designed to gain access to sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile electronic security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers.