Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products, particularly with respect to mobile products. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that provide tools to facilitate the sharing of information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers, is critical for maintaining our competitive position. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our base of users, marketers, and developers. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users. If we fail to introduce new products or services that users find engaging, or if we introduce new products or services that are not favorably received, we may not be able to attract or retain users. Our ability to create successful new products, both independently and in conjunction with developers or other third parties, is essential for retaining and increasing our user base and revenue. We prioritize user growth and engagement and the user experience over short-term financial results. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook properties, including our mobile applications, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. We recognize revenue from the delivery of click-based ads in the period in which a person clicks on the content, and action-based ads in the period in which a person takes the action the marketer contracted for. We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers such as facility and server equipment depreciation, facility and server equipment rent expense, energy and bandwidth costs, support and maintenance costs, and salaries, benefits, and share-based compensation for employees on our operations teams. The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes successfully. Our ability to successfully integrate complex acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience. We may not be successful in maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, or standards. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected.