Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the need to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our products and services, which places significant strain on our management and operational resources. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, which could disrupt existing customer relationships and limit us to smaller deployments of our products. Our productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to expand the deployment of our platform with existing end-customers by selling additional products and securing other areas of our end-customers' networks. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products. Additionally, we must effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. The growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. We need to continue to improve our internal systems, processes, and controls to effectively manage our operations and growth. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, and we may discover deficiencies in our existing systems and processes. We have licensed technology from third parties to help us accomplish our objectives, and we may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party software. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance and product costs. Our products must interoperate with our end-customers' existing infrastructure, which often have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards. If we do not quickly respond to the rapidly changing and rigorous needs of our end-customers by developing, releasing, and making available on a timely basis new products and services or enhancements that can respond adequately to new security threats, our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed. We believe that our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and focus on execution, is critical to our success, and maintaining this culture as we grow is essential. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.