Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, distributable cash flow, and value of our securities. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and any change in their roles could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to make distributions and payments to security holders. Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from various sources, including cyber security attacks. Any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. We may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. The failure to hedge effectively against exchange rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, dispositions of properties, and from available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents and value creation from development. We believe a successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land, and we expect to realize value through development or land sales. Our investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business, including local conditions, competition from other available properties, and governmental regulations. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. Our investments are concentrated in the industrial distribution sector, and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector. We have significant activity within our portfolio, including acquisitions, contributions to co-investment ventures, and dispositions to third parties, which impacts our net operating income. We recognize changes in rental income from certain contractual rent increases from our existing leases and from rent change on new leases. Our ability to provide adequate maintenance of, and insurance on, our properties, and our ability to control rents and variable operating costs are critical to our operations. We believe that our properties and the properties of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures are adequately insured, but we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. Our co-investment ventures involve certain additional risks, including potential disputes with partners that may result in litigation or arbitration, which could increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. We may not be able to form new co-investment ventures, attract third-party investment, or make additional investments in new or existing ventures, which may have an adverse effect on our growth, results of operations, cash flows, and the market price of our securities.