Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of cdma, ofdma, and other communications technologies, as well as our ability to drive our customers' demand for our products and services. We develop, patent, and commercialize technology and products based on cdma, ofdma, and other communications technologies, which are primarily wireless. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and those of our customers and/or licensees. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors, including the speed of technological change, value-added features that drive selling prices, and the ability of system technology to meet customers' immediate and future network requirements. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop innovative, differentiated integrated circuit products and technologies across multiple products and features and to continue to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings and as new opportunities develop, putting continued pressure on the pricing of our products and services. Our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation by the China National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), and we believe that certain licensees in China currently are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G LTE technologies, as well as in new business models and industry segments, such as products designed for implementation of small cells and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data. Our research, development, and other investments in new technologies, products, or services may not succeed due to improvements in alternate technologies, competitors' products being more cost-effective, or underestimating the costs or overestimating the future operating income and/or margins that could result from these investments. We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and if revenues derived from these customers or licensees decrease or the timing of such revenues fluctuates, our operating results could be negatively affected. Our ability to maintain and/or accelerate demand for our integrated circuit products at the premium device tier while increasing the adoption of our products in low-tier devices will be critical. We also seek to diversify and broaden our technology licensing programs to new industry segments in which we can leverage our technology leadership. Our strategic activities are focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services. We expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our future growth and success will depend in part on the ability of our licensees to develop, introduce, and deliver high-volume products that achieve and sustain customer acceptance. The continued and future success of our licensing programs can be impacted by the deployment of other technologies in place of technologies based on cdma, ofdma, and their derivatives. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications and technological changes, which may affect our ability to compete effectively.