Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Security breaches of our or a third party's information technology systems that result in the unauthorized access, theft or destruction of customers' or employees' data or that of the company stored in such systems, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods, could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and prevent breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Although we have security measures in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through cyber-attacks. If our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner they could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value, either through our actions or those of our business partners, could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees and food services providers as they do from us, and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience whether they visit a company-operated store, licensed store or food service location. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses in those respective markets as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We expect to use additional available cash and investments, including additional potential future borrowings under the credit facility and commercial paper program, to invest in our core businesses, including new product innovations and related marketing support, as well as other new business opportunities related to our core businesses. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our growth agenda. Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to, and may be adversely affected by, a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control, including the reliance on information technology systems across our operations, which are critical to our business processes and overall operational efficiency.