We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Although we believe we are prudent in our investment strategies and execution of our implementation plans, there is no assurance as to the ultimate recoverability of these investments. Our businesses have a customer base which is largely comprised of members from the financial services industry. The current challenging business environment and the consolidation of customers resulting from mergers and acquisitions in the financial services industry can result in reductions in the number of firms and workforce which can impact the size of our customer base. Customers within the financial services and commodities industries that strive to reduce their operating costs may seek to reduce their spending on our products and services. If a large number of smaller customers or a critical number of larger customers reduce their spending with us, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. If the data from our suppliers has errors, is delayed, has design defects, is unavailable on acceptable terms or is not available at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. We also do not have fully redundant systems for most of our smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and our disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks we face range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more advanced threats that target us because of our prominence in the global marketplace, or due to our ratings of sovereign debt. Breaches of our or our vendors' technology and systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, computer viruses or malware, employee error, malfeasance, physical breaches or other actions, may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such vendors' websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us or our business or customers. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. Delays in our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may harm our reputation and result in the loss of customers. We strive to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. We seek to promote sustainable growth in the global capital, commodities and commercial markets by providing customers with essential intelligence and superior service.