Failure of a key information technology system, process or site could have a material adverse impact on our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems to conduct business. These systems include, but are not limited to, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, providing data security and other processes necessary to manage our business. A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity breach or failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, processes, associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, integrity of our data and our responsibilities to governments. We have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. If the IT systems, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We believe our success in the highly competitive product categories in which we operate depends to a large degree on our ability to develop new products and make improvements to existing products. We are committed to internal innovation to develop products and services that improve outcomes and deliver greater cost savings and efficiencies and to augment our efforts with focused acquisitions. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day. We continually evaluate our receivables, particularly in Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece (the southern European region). We believe that our current reserves related to receivables are adequate and any additional credit risk associated with the southern European region is not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position or liquidity. Our overall cash position shows our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations. We manage capital spending to support our business growth. Capital expenditures, primarily to support integration of acquisitions, information technology infrastructure upgrades, capacity expansion, new product introductions, innovation and cost savings, were $233, $195 and $210 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.