Our information systems are vulnerable to continuously evolving data breach and information security risks. Unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our systems or information through fraud or other means of deceiving our employees or third-party service providers. Cyber-attacks such as denial of service, other malicious attacks, unauthorized access or distribution of confidential information by third parties or employees, errors by third-party suppliers or other breaches of security could disrupt our internal systems and applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers or protect the privacy and confidentiality of our confidential information. The actions we take may not be adequate to repel a significant attack or prevent a breach, unauthorized access by third parties or employees or errors by third-party suppliers. If we are subject to a significant attack or breach, unauthorized access, errors of third-party suppliers or other security breaches, we may incur significant costs, be subject to regulatory investigations and sanctions and private litigation, and may suffer damage to our business reputation that negatively impacts customer confidence, any or all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our reputation and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by system failures, business disruptions, and unauthorized use of or interference with our network and other systems. We rely upon our systems and networks, and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers, to provide and support our services and, in some cases, to protect our customers' and our information. Failure of our or others' systems, networks and infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service, or may allow for the unauthorized use of or interference with our networks and other systems. We depend heavily on suppliers and other third parties in order for us to efficiently operate our business. Our business is complex, and it is not unusual for multiple vendors located in multiple locations to help us to develop, maintain, and troubleshoot products and services, such as network components, software development services, and billing and customer service support. We are in the process of transferring our customer billing systems from our existing third-party vendor to a new third-party vendor. Any unanticipated difficulties, disruption or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We are in the initial stages of implementing a new customer billing system, which involves moving to a new platform through utilization of a phased deployment approach. The first release phase is scheduled for 2015. Post implementation, we plan to operate both the existing and new billing systems in parallel to aid in the transition to the new system until all phases of the conversion are complete. If the implementation causes major system disruptions or if we fail to implement the new billing system in a timely or effective manner, customer experience may be negatively impacted, which could cause material adverse effects on our operational and financial performance. Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer services, effective marketing and selling of products and services, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates or possibly negative, leading to increased competition for customers. Our ability to attract and retain customers will be materially affected by our ability to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our current and potential customers' changing demands.