We are currently expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. Our volume production of model S necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax, and regulatory compliance systems. These systems support our operations and enable us to produce model S and future vehicles like model X in volume. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We cannot be sure that these expanded systems or their required functionality will be effectively implemented or sufficiently maintained. If we do not successfully implement, improve, or maintain these systems, our operations may be disrupted, and our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired; deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Our ability to grow volume production and deliveries for model S is subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including that the information technology systems that we are currently expanding and improving upon will be effective to manage higher volume production. We are executing a plan to increase our combined model S and model X production capacity to over 2,000 units per week by the end of 2015. In addition to expanding our production, we expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve our gross margin. Significant cost improvements for model S were achieved in 2013 and 2014, including part cost reductions as well as manufacturing efficiencies. We expect that such improvements, when combined with a favorable mix of vehicles, will allow us to achieve a 30% gross margin on model S by the end of 2015, assuming no further deterioration in foreign currencies. However, we expect these cost improvements will be partially offset by production inefficiencies during the introduction of model X. Our long-term success will be dependent upon our ability to design, build, and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, specifically model S and new vehicle models such as model X and model 3. Our long-term success is dependent on market acceptance of the model S sedan and future electric vehicles we introduce. We have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing, upgrading, adapting, and selling our electric vehicles as well as limited experience allocating our available resources among the design and production of multiple vehicles. We expect to deliver approximately 55,000 model S and X vehicles worldwide in 2015, approximately 74% more deliveries than we achieved in 2014. We plan to continue to expand our supercharger, stores, and service infrastructure worldwide as well as to provide better service in areas with a high concentration of model S customers.