Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a rapidly changing technological environment. The markets we serve are characterized by rapid technological change that requires us to develop new technologies and products. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers. Breaches of our information technology systems or those of our customers or suppliers could be caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. These breaches could compromise our information technology networks or those of our customers or suppliers and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, result in release of employee personal data, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. We invest in manufacturing technologies that differentiate the features of our semiconductors, and we do most of our own production in-house as opposed to outsourcing it. This ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. Our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our website each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. Our business model focused on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our performance depends on the availability and cost of raw materials, utilities, critical manufacturing equipment, manufacturing processes and third-party manufacturing services. Our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment, and those of some of our customers and suppliers, require that certain key raw materials, natural resources and utilities be available. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by natural events in the locations in which we or our customers or suppliers operate. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, may adversely affect our results and financial condition.