The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical, and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. As of December 31, 2014, we served nearly 3 million people through the most progressive of these arrangements, including full-risk, shared-risk, and bundled episode-of-care payment approaches. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade, and expand our information systems capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms, and integration of new business acquisitions. Recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable, or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, become subject to regulatory sanctions or penalties, incur increases in operating expenses, or suffer other adverse consequences. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. Connectivity among competing technologies is becoming increasingly important in the health care industry. A failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We routinely process, store, and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Our facilities may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; misplaced or lost data; human errors; or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our and our customers' data. The costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers.