We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve the flexibility and capacity in our delivery network; improve yield management; and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility and reliability. We face significant competition which could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our IT governance and management capability have become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not recognized until launched against a target. Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We have made significant capital investments in technology to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. We require significant capital investments in technology, facilities and sorting and other types of equipment. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. We have continued to adjust our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels, utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency, and benefit from improved pick-up and delivery densities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation, and changes in laws, regulations and policies may affect our costs of doing business. We believe that we will ultimately recover a substantial majority of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. The determination of whether goodwill is impaired involves a significant level of judgment in these assumptions, and changes in our business strategy, government regulations, or economic or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments.