We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. In order to achieve our long-term business objectives, our strategy is to supplement our internal pipeline by acquiring rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. We have faced and will continue to face significant competition for these types of drugs, drug candidates and other technologies from a variety of other companies with interests in the specialty pharmaceutical marketplace, many of which have significantly more financial resources and experience in business development activities than we have. Our business depends upon the successful development and commercialization of drug candidates. These drug candidates are in various stages of development and must satisfy rigorous standards of safety and efficacy before they can be approved for sale by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. To satisfy these standards, we must allocate resources among our various development programs and must engage in expensive and lengthy testing of our drug candidates. Discovery and development efforts for new pharmaceutical products, including new combination therapies, are resource-intensive and may take 10 to 15 years or longer for each drug candidate. We have developed multiple manufacturing processes for co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor, and any failure to validate our manufacturing process could adversely affect our ability to commercially launch lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. We have developed several manufacturing processes to produce commercial quantities of co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor. In addition to a traditional batch manufacturing process, we have developed a continuous manufacturing process that connects the processes used in traditional batch manufacturing. We have not previously designed, implemented or utilized a continuous manufacturing process to produce commercial quantities of a pharmaceutical product and believe that we are the first company to seek approval for an NDA or an MAA using this method of manufacturing. As a result, it may be more difficult to satisfy regulators that our process is capable of consistently producing commercial quantities of co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor and that our methods for testing the quality, purity and potency of the final products are sufficient. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We do not assign our internal costs, such as salary and benefits, stock-based compensation expense, laboratory supplies and other direct expenses and infrastructure costs, to individual drugs or drug candidates, because the employees within our research and development groups typically are deployed across multiple research and development programs. These internal costs are significantly greater than our external costs, such as the costs of services provided to us by clinical research organizations and other outsourced research, which we allocate by individual program.