item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this form 10-k in evaluating abbvie and abbvie's common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect abbvie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to abbvie's business and risks related to abbvie's common stock. based on the information currently known to it, abbvie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. however, the risks and uncertainties abbvie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbvie or that abbvie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. in addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in such case, the trading price of abbvie's common stock could decline.
10 | 2017 form 10-k risks related to abbvie's business the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
abbvie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. in particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in abbvie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the united states and most major markets outside of the united states. patents covering abbvie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of abbvie's products.
as patents for certain of its products expire, abbvie will or could face competition from lower priced generic products. the expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. if abbvie's competitive position is compromised because of generics or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business and results of operations. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic competition.
abbvie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in item 3, "legal proceedings." the united states composition of matter patent for humira, which is abbvie's largest product and had worldwide net revenues of approximately $18.4 billion in 2017, expired in december 2016, and the equivalent european union patent is expected to expire in the majority of european union countries in october 2018. because humira is a biologic and biologics cannot be readily substituted, it is uncertain what impact the loss of patent protection would have on the sales of humira.
abbvie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent abbvie's patents and patent applications. for example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of abbvie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by abbvie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. in addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of abbvie patents under the 2011 leahy-smith america invents act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the united states patent and trademark office.
although most of the challenges to abbvie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. for example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. in addition, certain governments outside the united states have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as hiv/aids. if triggered, compulsory licenses could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to abbvie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive abbvie of market exclusivity for a patented product. to the extent abbvie's intellectual property is successfully challenged or circumvented or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow abbvie to compete effectively, abbvie's business will suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbvie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of abbvie's intellectual property, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced.
a third party's intellectual property may prevent abbvie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbvie's future profitability and financial condition.
third parties may claim that an abbvie product infringes upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbvie to enter into license agreements. abbvie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbvie to significant damages or an injunction
preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected abbvie product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
any significant event that adversely affects humira revenues could have a material and negative impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows.
humira accounted for approximately 65% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2017. any significant event that adversely affects humira's revenues could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows. these events could include loss of patent protection for humira, the commercialization of biosimilars of humira, the discovery of previously unknown side effects or impaired efficacy, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective or less expensive treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of humira for any reason.
abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenue and profitability. accordingly, abbvie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. more detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for approval. abbvie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect abbvie's future results of operations.
even if abbvie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer.
a portion of abbvie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.
abbvie depends on alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. for example, abbvie is collaborating with roche holding ag to develop and commercialize a next-generation bcl-2 inhibitor, venclexta (venetoclax), for patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia and abbvie is investigating its efficacy for additional indications.
failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to abbvie, or any disruption in the relationships between abbvie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. in addition, abbvie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of abbvie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. this could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
12 | 2017 form 10-k biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on future results of operations.
the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. for example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. in addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics-including humira-could adversely impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the biologics price competition and innovation act creates a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the united states and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. in europe, the european commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. in addition, companies are developing biosimilars in other countries that could compete with abbvie's biologic products. as competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing abbvie's biologic products, abbvie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. expiration or successful challenge of abbvie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. as a result, abbvie could face more litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.
new products and technological advances by abbvie's competitors may negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that discover, manufacture, market, and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. for example, humira competes with anti-tnf products and other competitive products intended to treat a number of disease states and abbvie's virology products compete with other available hepatitis c treatment options. these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with abbvie's products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology and neuroscience. abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbvie's products, and this could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing abbvie's products, abbvie's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for abbvie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers. the failure of these single-source suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair abbvie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve abbvie's use of such alternatives. abbvie does, however, carry business interruption insurance, which provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier.
significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for abbvie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and financial condition.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. if new safety or efficacy issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing phase 4 trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, abbvie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbvie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if safety or efficacy issues with an abbvie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by abbvie or by regulatory authorities. safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbvie's products.
new data about abbvie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for abbvie's products due to real or perceived safety issues or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of abbvie's products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of abbvie's products.
abbvie is subject to product liability claims and lawsuits that may adversely affect its business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of business, abbvie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that abbvie's products or the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the product in question, lower income and exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured.
abbvie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. in the united states, the european union and other countries, abbvie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.
abbvie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. in the united states, practices of managed care groups, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and united states federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act, contribute to pricing pressures. the potential for continuing
14 | 2017 form 10-k changes to the health care system in the united states and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries could result in additional pricing pressures.
in numerous major markets worldwide, the government plays a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. consequently, in those markets, abbvie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. in particular, many european countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and abbvie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in europe. differences between countries in pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in abbvie's products that results in a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings.
rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service medicaid or medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. abbvie cannot predict if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or incremental rebates or discounts. other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
abbvie is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities, as described in item 1, "business-regulation-discovery and clinical development." the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs.
in addition, abbvie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. abbvie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.
possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
the health care industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit programs reimbursement, rebates, price reporting and regulation and health care fraud and abuse. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the medicaid rebate statute, the veterans health care act and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and veterans administration health programs. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require abbvie to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbvie's business and result in a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
abbvie could be subject to increased monetary penalties and/or other sanctions, including exclusion from federal health care programs, if it fails to comply with the terms of the may 7, 2012 resolution of the department of justice's investigation into sales and marketing activities for depakote.
on may 7, 2012, abbott settled united states federal and 49 state investigations into its sales and marketing activities for depakote by pleading guilty to a misdemeanor violation of the food, drug and cosmetic act, agreeing to pay
approximately $700 million in criminal fines and forfeitures and approximately $900 million to resolve civil claims, and submitting to a term of probation. the term of probation ended january 1, 2016 upon abbvie satisfying all of the probation conditions. however, if abbvie violates any remaining terms of the plea agreement, it may face additional monetary sanctions and other such remedies as the court deems appropriate.
in addition, abbott entered into a five-year cia with the office of inspector general for the united states department of health and human services (oig). the effective date of the cia is october 11, 2012. the obligations of the cia have transferred to and become fully binding on abbvie. the cia requires enhancements to abbvie's compliance program, fulfillment of reporting and monitoring obligations, management certifications and resolutions from abbvie's board of directors, among other requirements. compliance with the requirements of the settlement will impose additional costs and burdens on abbvie, including in the form of employee training, third party reviews, compliance monitoring, reporting obligations and management attention. if abbvie fails to comply with the cia, the oig may impose monetary penalties or exclude abbvie from federal health care programs, including medicare and medicaid. abbvie and abbott may be subject to third party claims and shareholder lawsuits in connection with the settlement, and abbvie may be required to indemnify all or a portion of abbott's costs.
the international nature of abbvie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. net revenues outside of the united states make up approximately 35% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2017. the risks associated with abbvie's operations outside the united states include:
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•   changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•   multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict abbvie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•   political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;
•   price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization and other governmental action;
•   potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-u.s. countries, including in europe and latin america; and
•   potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act.
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and profitability.
if abbvie does not effectively and profitably commercialize imbruvica, abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected.
abbvie must effectively and profitably commercialize imbruvica by creating and meeting continued market demand; achieving market acceptance and generating product sales; ensuring that the active pharmaceutical ingredient for imbruvica and the finished product are manufactured in sufficient quantities and in compliance with requirements of the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies and with acceptable quality and pricing to meet commercial demand; and ensuring that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers imbruvica to abbvie's customers. the commercialization of
16 | 2017 form 10-k imbruvica may not be successful due to, among other things, unexpected challenges from competitors, new safety issues or concerns being reported that may impact or narrow the approved indications, the relative price of imbruvica as compared to alternative treatment options and changes to the label for imbruvica that further restrict its marketing. if the commercialization of imbruvica is unsuccessful, abbvie's ability to generate revenue from product sales and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger with pharmacyclics will be adversely affected.
abbvie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbvie may pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of some of its assets, as part of its business strategy. abbvie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbvie is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbvie may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbvie could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbvie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
additionally, changes in abbvie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where appropriate.
abbvie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the united states and, accordingly, its results of operations could be adversely affected if they encounter financial difficulties.
in 2017, three wholesale distributors (mckesson corporation, cardinal health, inc. and amerisourcebergen corporation) accounted for substantially all of abbvie's sales in the united states. if one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with abbvie, and abbvie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.
the amount of debt that abbvie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to abbvie and its investors. these consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of abbvie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow abbvie's business. to the extent abbvie incurs additional indebtedness, these risks could increase. in addition, abbvie's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and abbvie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.
abbvie may need to seek additional financing for its general corporate purposes. for example, it may need to increase its investment in research and development activities or need funds to make acquisitions. abbvie may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. if abbvie loses its investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, abbvie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect abbvie's business. if abbvie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. these systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or breakdown. data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. although abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect abbvie's business.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbvie's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including:
•   changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards and environmental laws;
•   differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pension and post-employment benefits, stock-based compensation, intangibles and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation and contingent consideration, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•   changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbvie's equity investments and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbvie or its employee benefit trusts;
•   changes in the ability of third parties that provide information technology, accounting, human resources, payroll and other outsourced services to abbvie to meet their contractual obligations to abbvie; and
•   changes in business, economic and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.
risks related to abbvie's common stock abbvie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock.
although abbvie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. for more information, see item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities." abbvie's ability to pay dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.
an abbvie stockholder's percentage of ownership in abbvie may be diluted in the future.
in the future, a stockholder's percentage ownership in abbvie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity awards that abbvie will be granting to abbvie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions, or other purposes. abbvie's employees have options to purchase shares of its common stock as a result of conversion of their abbott stock options (in whole or in part) to abbvie stock options. abbvie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees. such awards will have a dilutive effect on abbvie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of abbvie's common stock. from time to time, abbvie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under abbvie's employee benefits plans.
18 | 2017 form 10-k in addition, abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes abbvie to issue, without the approval of abbvie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over abbvie's common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as abbvie's board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of abbvie's common stock. for example, abbvie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of abbvie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences abbvie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of abbvie, which could decrease the trading price of abbvie's common stock.
abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•   the inability of abbvie's stockholders to call a special meeting;
•   the division of abbvie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;
•   the ability of abbvie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on abbvie's board of directors; and
•   the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of abbvie's voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and abbvie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of abbvie's directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.
abbvie believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors and by providing abbvie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that abbvie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of abbvie and abbvie's stockholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. the matters discussed in these forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. in particular, information included under item 1, "business," item 1a, "risk factors," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" contain forward looking statements. where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of abbvie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include the matters described under item 1a, "risk factors" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." abbvie does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless abbvie is required by applicable securities law to do so.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company) as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 and results of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2017. this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company formed in 2013 following separation from abbott laboratories (abbott). abbvie's mission is to use its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. abbvie's products are focused on treating conditions such as chronic autoimmune diseases in rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology; oncology, including blood cancers; virology, including hepatitis c (hcv) and human immunodeficiency virus (hiv); neurological disorders, such as parkinson's disease and multiple sclerosis; metabolic diseases, including thyroid disease and complications associated with cystic fibrosis; as well as other serious health conditions. abbvie also has a pipeline of promising new medicines across such important medical specialties as immunology, oncology and neurology, with additional targeted investment in cystic fibrosis and women's health.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients. outside the united states, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie has approximately 29,000 employees. abbvie operates in one business segment-pharmaceutical products.
2017 financial results abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. the company's financial performance in 2017 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $28.2 billion, operating earnings of $9.6 billion and diluted earnings per share of $3.30. worldwide net revenues grew by 10% on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by the continued strength of humira, revenue growth related to imbruvica and other key products including creon and duodopa and the launch of hcv product mavyret. these increases were partially offset by a decline in net revenues of hcv product viekira.
diluted earnings per share in 2017 was $3.30 and included net charges related to the december 2017 enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act. the net charges included $4.5 billion for the one-time mandatory repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by after-tax benefits of $3.3 billion due to the remeasurement of net deferred tax liabilities and other related impacts.
additional after-tax costs that impacted 2017 diluted earnings per share included the following: (i) $809 million related to the amortization of intangible assets; (ii) $625 million for the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; (iii) $327 million for acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d); (iv) litigation reserve charges of $286 million; (v) an intangible asset impairment charge of $244 million; (vi) milestone payments of $143 million; and (vii) acquisition related costs of $49 million. these costs were partially offset by an after-tax benefit of $91 million due to a tax audit settlement. 2017 financial results also reflected continued added funding to support abbvie's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets and continued investment in abbvie's growth brands.
in 2017, the company generated cash flows from operations of $10.0 billion, which abbvie utilized to continue to enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities, pay cash dividends to stockholders of $4.1 billion and repurchase approximately 13 million shares for $1.0 billion in the open market. in october 2017, abbvie's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.71 per share of common stock payable in february 2018. this reflected an increase of approximately 11% over the previous quarterly dividend of $0.64 per share of common stock.
2018 strategic objectives abbvie's mission is to be an innovation-driven, patient-focused specialty biopharmaceutical company capable of achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution and a consistent stream of innovative new medicines. abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including: (i) growing revenues by diversifying revenue streams, driving late-stage pipeline assets to the market and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches; (ii) continued investment and expansion in its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology and neurology as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iii) expanding operating margins; and (iv) returning cash to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. in addition, abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in the next twelve months.
abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through:
•   humira sales growth by driving biologic penetration across disease categories, maintaining market leadership and effectively managing biosimilar erosion.
•   imbruvica revenue growth driven by increasing market share with its eight currently approved indications in six different disease areas.
•   the strong execution of new product launches, including mavyret.
•   the favorable impact of pipeline products approved in 2017 or currently under regulatory review where approval is expected in 2018. these products are described in greater detail in the section labeled "research and development" included as part of this item 7.
abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued leverage from revenue growth, the reduction of humira royalty expense, productivity initiatives in supply chain and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs and general corporate expenses.
research and development research and innovation are the cornerstones of abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline currently includes more than 60 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important medical specialties as immunology, oncology and neurology along with targeted investments in cystic fibrosis and women's health. of these programs, more than 30 are in mid- and late-stage development.
the following sections summarize transitions of significant programs from phase 2 development to phase 3 development as well as developments in significant phase 3 and registration programs. abbvie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs in the next twelve months.
significant programs and developments immunology upadacitinib
•   in june 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 select-next clinical trial evaluating upadacitinib (abt-494), the company's selective jak1 inhibitor currently in late-stage development for rheumatoid arthritis (ra), met all primary and ranked secondary endpoints in patients with moderate to severe ra who did not adequately respond to treatment with conventional synthetic disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (dmards). the safety profile of upadacitinib was consistent with previously reported phase 2 trials and no new safety signals were detected.
•   in september 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 select-beyond clinical trial evaluating upadacitinib met all primary and ranked secondary endpoints in patients with moderate to severe ra who did not adequately respond or were intolerant to treatment with biologic dmards. the safety profile of upadacitinib was consistent with previously reported phase 2 trials and the phase 3 select-next clinical trial, with no new safety signals detected.
•   in december 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 select-monotherapy clinical trial evaluating upadacitinib met all primary and key secondary endpoints in patients with moderate to severe ra who did not adequately respond to treatment with methotrexate. the safety profile of upadacitinib was consistent with previously reported phase 3 select clinical trials and phase 2 trials, with no new safety signals detected.
•   in 2017, abbvie initiated phase 3 clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of upadacitinib in subjects with moderately to severely active crohn's disease and in subjects with moderately to severely active psoriatic arthritis.
•   in january 2018, the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) granted breakthrough therapy designation for upadacitinib in adult patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis who are candidates for systemic therapy.
•   in october 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from three phase 3 clinical trials evaluating risankizumab, an investigational interleukin-23 (il-23) inhibitor, with 12-week dosing compared to ustekinumab and adalimumab met all co-primary and ranked secondary endpoints for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis. the safety profile was consistent with all previously reported studies, and there were no new safety signals detected across the three studies.
•   in december 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 immhance clinical trial evaluating risankizumab at 16 weeks and 52 weeks of treatment compared to placebo met all primary and ranked secondary endpoints for the treatment of patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. the safety profile was consistent with all previously reported phase 3 studies, and there were no new safety signals detected across the phase 3 program.
•   in december 2017, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of risankizumab in subjects with moderately to severely active crohn's disease.
•   in january 2017, the fda approved imbruvica for the treatment of patients with relapsed/refractory marginal zone lymphoma (mzl) who require systemic therapy and have received at least one prior anti-cd20-based therapy. this indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate (orr) and continued approval may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. mzl is a slow-growing form of non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
•   in august 2017, the fda approved imbruvica for the treatment of adult patients with chronic graft-versus-host-disease (cgvhd) after failure of one or more lines of systemic therapy. imbruvica is the first therapy specifically approved for adults with cgvhd, a severe and potentially life-threatening consequence of stem cell or bone marrow transplant. this marked the sixth u.s. disease indication for imbruvica since the medication's initial approval in 2013 and the first approved indication outside of cancer.
•   in december 2017, abbvie announced that the phase 3 innovate clinical trial evaluating imbruvica in combination with rituximab in patients with untreated (treatment-naïve) and previously-treated waldenström's macroglobulinemia (wm) met its primary endpoint. this is the first and only treatment approved for newly or previously-treated patients with wm.
•   in february 2017, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to study the safety and efficacy of venetoclax in combination with azacitidine in treatment-naïve elderly subjects with acute myeloid leukemia (aml) who are ineligible for standard induction therapy (high-dose chemotherapy).
•   in may 2017, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate if venetoclax when co-administered with low dose cytarabine (ldac) improves overall survival (os) versus ldac and placebo, in treatment naïve subjects with aml.
•   in september 2017, abbvie announced that top-line results from the phase 3 murano clinical trial evaluating venetoclax tablets in combination with rituxan (rituximab) met the primary endpoint of prolonged progression-free survival compared with bendamustine in combination with rituxan in patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll).
•   in december 2017, abbvie submitted a supplemental new drug application (snda) to the fda for venclexta (venetoclax) in combination with rituxan in patients with relapsed or refractory cll and in january 2018, abbvie submitted an snda for venclexta monotherapy in patients with cll who have relapsed or are refractory to b-cell receptor inhibitors.
•   in february 2017, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of rovalpituzumab tesirine (rova-t) as maintenance therapy following first-line platinum based chemotherapy in participants with extensive stage small cell lung cancer (sclc).
•   in april 2017, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate rova-t compared with topotecan for subjects with advanced or metastatic sclc with high levels of delta-like protein 3 who have first disease progression during or following front-line platinum-based chemotherapy.
•   in november 2017, abbvie presented results from the intellance-2 trial, a potential registration-enabling phase 2 study evaluating depatuxizumab mafodotin (abt-414), an investigational, antibody drug conjugate (adc) targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (egfr) alone or in combination with temozolomide (tmz) in subjects with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme (gbm). results from the intellance-2 study failed to meet the primary endpoint of overall survival and abbvie will not be submitting regulatory applications for abt-414 in recurrent gbm. in intellance-2, the combination of abt-414 and tmz performed numerically better than lomustine or tmz and a positive trend in overall survival was observed. while abbvie will not file in recurrent gbm based on these data, the phase 2/3 intellance-1 trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of abt-414 in combination with tmz in subjects with newly diagnosed gbm with egfr amplification is ongoing.
•   in april 2017, abbvie announced that two phase 3 studies evaluating veliparib, an investigational, oral poly (adenosine diphosphate-ribose) polymerase (parp) inhibitor in combination with chemotherapy did not meet their primary endpoints. the studies evaluated veliparib in combination with carboplatin and paclitaxel in patients with squamous non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) and triple negative breast cancer (tnbc). ongoing phase 3 studies include non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer, brca1/2 breast cancer and ovarian cancer.
•   in february 2017, the european committee for medicinal products for human use (chmp) granted a positive opinion for a shorter, eight-week treatment of viekirax (ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir tablets) + exviera (dasabuvir tablets) as an option for previously untreated adult patients with genotype 1b chronic hcv and minimal to moderate fibrosis.
•   in july 2017, the european commission granted marketing authorization for maviret (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir), a once-daily, ribavirin-free treatment for adults with hcv infection across all major genotypes (gt1-6). maviret is also indicated for patients with specific treatment challenges, including those with compensated cirrhosis across all major genotypes, and those who previously had limited treatment options, such as patients with severe chronic kidney disease (ckd) or those with genotype 3 chronic hcv infection.
•   in august 2017, the fda approved mavyret (glecaprevir/pibrentasvir) for the treatment of patients with chronic hcv genotype 1-6 infection without cirrhosis and with compensated cirrhosis (child-pugh a). mavyret is also
indicated for the treatment of adult patients with hcv genotype 1 infection, who previously have been treated with a regimen containing an hcv ns5a inhibitor or an ns3/4a protease inhibitor, but not both. mavyret/maviret is an 8-week, pan-genotypic treatment for patients without cirrhosis and who are new to treatment.
•   in september 2017, abbvie submitted a new drug application to the fda for elagolix, an investigational, orally administered gonadotropin-releasing hormone (gnrh) antagonist, being evaluated for the management of endometriosis with associated pain. in october, abbvie was granted priority review for elagolix by the fda for the management of endometriosis with associated pain. in november, abbvie announced detailed results from two replicate phase 3 extension studies evaluating the long-term efficacy and safety of elagolix, being evaluated for the management of endometriosis with associated pain.
•   in december 2017, abbvie announced the strategic decision to close the sonar study, a phase 3 clinical trial evaluating the effects of the investigational compound atrasentan on progression of kidney disease in patients with stage 2 to 4 chronic kidney disease and type 2 diabetes when added to standard of care. the ongoing monitoring of renal events observed in the study revealed considerably fewer endpoints than expected at the time of analysis, which will likely affect the ability to test the sonar study hypothesis. therefore, abbvie determined that it cannot justify continuing the participation of patients in the study. the decision to close the sonar study early was not related to any safety concerns.
results of operations net revenues the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current periods. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
percent change at actual currency rates                   at constant currency rates for the years ended (dollars in millions)            2017   2016                2015                            2017                 2016                 2017                    2016
percent change at actual currency rates                       at constant currency rates years ended december 31(dollars in millions)            2017                2016                2015                2017                      2016                 2017                        2016
collaboration revenues                               429                 252                  95             70.0      %          &gt;100.0      %         70.0       %           &gt;100.0       %
sevoflurane united states                                        $78                 $80                 $81             (2.1     )%               (1.0     )%         (2.1      )%                (1.0      )%
the following discussion and analysis of abbvie's net revenues by product is presented on a constant currency basis.
global humira sales increased 14% in 2017 and 16% in 2016. the sales increases in 2017 and 2016 were driven by market growth across therapeutic categories and geographies as well as favorable pricing in certain geographies. the sales increase in 2016 was also driven by the approval of new indications. in the united states, humira sales increased 18% in 2017 and 24% in 2016. the sales increase in 2017 was driven by market growth across all indications and favorable pricing. the sales increase in 2016 was driven by market growth across all indications, higher market share and favorable pricing. internationally, humira revenues increased 7% in 2017 and 4% in 2016, driven primarily by market growth across indications. abbvie continues to pursue strategies intended to further differentiate humira from competing products and add to the sustainability and future growth of humira.
net revenues for imbruvica represent product revenues in the united states and collaboration revenues outside of the united states related to abbvie's 50% share of imbruvica profit. net revenues for imbruvica commenced following the completion of the pharmacyclics acquisition on may 26, 2015. global imbruvica sales increased 40% in 2017 as a result of continued penetration of imbruvica as a first-line treatment for patients with cll as well as favorable pricing. the sales increase in 2016 was driven by market share gains following the fda and ema approval of imbruvica as a first-line treatment for patients with cll as well as having a full year of sales in 2016.
global hcv sales decreased 16% in 2017 and 6% in 2016. the sales decrease in 2017 and 2016 was a result of market contraction, lower market share and price erosion of viekira. these factors were partially offset for 2017 by the launch of mavyret in certain geographies during the second half of 2017.
net revenues for creon increased 14% in 2017 and 15% in 2016, driven primarily by continued market growth and higher market share. creon maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market.
global kaletra net revenues decreased 25% in 2017 and 17% in 2016, primarily due to lower market share resulting from the impact of increasing competition in the hiv marketplace. abbvie expects net revenues for kaletra to continue to decline in 2018.
net revenues for duodopa increased 20% in 2017 and 28% in 2016, primarily as a result of market penetration and geographic expansion.
gross margin percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2017                2016                2015          2017           2016
as a percent of net revenues                           75   %              77   %              80   %
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2017 decreased from 2016 primarily due to an intangible asset impairment charge of $354 million in 2017, as well as the unfavorable impacts of higher intangible asset amortization and the imbruvica profit sharing arrangement. these drivers were partially offset by lower amortization of the fair market value step-up of acquisition-date inventory of pharmacyclics as well as favorable changes in product mix and operational efficiencies.
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2016 decreased from 2015 primarily due to unfavorable foreign exchange rates as well as unfavorable impacts of higher intangible asset amortization, the imbruvica profit sharing arrangement and higher amortization of the fair market value step-up of acquisition-date inventory of pharmacyclics. additionally, 2016 gross margin included an intangible asset impairment charge of $39 million and 2015 gross margin included milestone revenue of $40 million from an oncology collaboration partner. these drivers were partially offset by favorable changes in product mix and operational efficiencies.
34 | 2017 form 10-k selling, general and administrative percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2017                2016                2015          2017   2016
as a percent of net revenues                           22   %              23   %              28   %
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues in 2017 decreased from 2016 due to continued leverage from revenue growth partially offset by litigation reserve charges of $370 million in 2017 and new product launch expenses.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues in 2016 decreased from 2015 due to continued leverage from revenue growth and lower costs in 2016. sg&a expenses in 2015 included costs associated with the separation from abbott of $265 million, pharmacyclics acquisition and integration costs of $294 million and litigation reserve charges of $165 million. additionally, sg&a expense in 2015 reflected marketing support for the global launch of viekira.
research and development and acquired in-process research and development percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)            2017                2016                2015          2017           2016
research and development                           $4,982              $4,366              $4,285           14    %         2    %
as a percent of net revenues                           18   %              17   %              19   %
acquired in-process research and development         $327                $200                $150           64    %        33    %
research and development (r&d) expenses in 2017 increased from 2016 principally due to increased funding to support the company's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets, the impact of the post-acquisition r&d expenses of stemcentrx and boehringer ingelheim (bi) compounds and an increase in development milestones of $63 million. these factors were partially offset by a decrease in acquisition related costs of $135 million.
r&d expenses in 2016 increased from 2015 due primarily to increased funding to support the company's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets. this increase was partially offset by the following factors: (i) 2015 r&d expenses included a $350 million charge related to the purchase of a priority review voucher from a third party; (ii) development milestones decreased by $53 million; and (iii) 2015 results included restructuring charges of $32 million.
acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d) expenses reflect upfront payments related to various collaborations. acquired ipr&d expense in 2017 included a charge of $205 million as a result of entering into a global strategic collaboration with alector, inc. (alector) to develop and commercialize medicines to treat alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative disorders. there were no individually significant transactions or cash flows during 2016. acquired ipr&d expense in 2015 included a charge of $100 million as a result of entering into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with c2n diagnostics (c2n) to develop and commercialize anti-tau antibodies for the treatment of alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the alector and c2n agreements.
other non-operating expenses years ended december 31 (in millions)                2017                2016              2015
net foreign exchange loss                        $348                $303              $193
interest expense in 2017 increased compared to 2016 due to a full year of expense associated with the may 2016 issuance of $7.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes which were issued primarily to finance the acquisition of stemcentrx and to repay an outstanding term loan.
interest expense in 2016 increased compared to 2015 due to a full year of expense associated with the may 2015 issuance of $16.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes which were issued primarily to finance the acquisition of pharmacyclics in addition to the incremental expense associated with the may 2016 senior notes issuance discussed above. interest expense in 2016 also included a debt extinguishment charge of $39 million related to the redemption of the 1.75% senior notes that were due to mature in november 2017. these increases were partially offset by the absence of bridge financing-related costs of $86 million in 2015 incurred in connection with the acquisition of pharmacyclics. interest income continued to increase in both 2017 and 2016 due to growth in the company's investment securities.
net foreign exchange loss in 2017 included $316 million of historical currency translation losses that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) related to the liquidation of certain foreign entities following the enactment of u.s. tax reform. net foreign exchange loss in 2016 included losses totaling $298 million related to the devaluation of abbvie's net monetary assets denominated in the venezuelan bolivar. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the venezuelan devaluation. net foreign exchange loss in 2015 included losses of $170 million to complete the liquidation of the company's remaining foreign currency positions related to the terminated proposed combination with shire.
other expense, net included charges related to the change in fair value of the bi and stemcentrx contingent consideration liabilities of $626 million in 2017 and $228 million in 2016. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is impacted by the passage of time and multiple other inputs, including the probability of success of achieving regulatory/commercial milestones, discount rates, the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products still in development and other market-based factors. in 2017, the change in fair value represented mainly higher probabilities of success, the passage of time and declining interest rates. in 2016, the change in fair value represented mainly the passage of time, as increases to the bi contingent consideration liability due to higher probabilities of success were fully offset by the effects of rising interest rates and changes in other market-based assumptions. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the acquisitions of stemcentrx and bi compounds. other expense, net for 2017 also included realized gains on available-for-sale investment securities of $90 million. other expense, net for 2015 included impairment charges totaling $36 million related to certain of the company's equity investment securities.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 31% in 2017, 24% in 2016 and 23% in 2015. the effective tax rate in each period differed from the statutory tax rate principally due to the benefit from foreign operations which reflects the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the united states, tax incentives in puerto rico and other foreign tax jurisdictions and business development activities. the increase in the effective tax rate for 2017 over the prior year was principally due to the estimated tax effects of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act") in 2017. the effective tax rate in 2017 included tax expense of $4.5 billion on the one-time mandatory repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by a $3.6 billion net tax benefit for the remeasurement of deferred taxes related to the act and foreign tax law changes.
the act significantly changed the u.s. corporate tax system. the act reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and creates a territorial tax system that includes new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. as a result, the effective income tax rate may change significantly in future periods. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the act.
the effective tax rate in 2016 included additional expense of $187 million related to the recognition of the tax effect of regulations issued by the internal revenue service on december 7, 2016 that changed the determination of the u.s. taxability of foreign currency gains and losses related to certain foreign operations. the effective income tax rate in 2015 included a tax benefit of $103 million from a reduction of state valuation allowances.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31 (in millions)            2017   2016                2015
operating activities                       $9,960              $7,041              $7,535
operating cash flows in 2017 increased from 2016 primarily due to improved results of operations resulting from revenue growth, an improvement in operating earnings and a decrease in income tax payments. operating cash flows in 2016
36 | 2017 form 10-k decreased from 2015 primarily due to improved results of operations resulting from revenue growth and an improvement in operating margin, offset by income tax payments. realized excess tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation totaled $71 million in 2017 and were presented within operating cash flows as a result of the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement. prior to the adoption of the new accounting pronouncement, realized excess benefits of $55 million in 2016 and $61 million in 2015 were presented within cash flows from financing activities. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the adoption of this new accounting pronouncement. operating cash flows also reflected abbvie's voluntary contributions, primarily to its principal domestic defined benefit plan of $150 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015. in 2018, abbvie plans to make voluntary contributions to its various defined benefit plans in excess of $750 million.
investing cash flows in 2017 included capital expenditures of $529 million and payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $308 million, partially offset by net sales and maturities of investment securities totaling $563 million. investing cash flows in 2016 primarily included $1.9 billion of cash consideration paid to acquire stemcentrx in june 2016, a $595 million upfront payment to acquire certain rights from bi in april 2016, net purchases of investment securities totaling $3.0 billion and capital expenditures of $479 million. investing activities in 2015 primarily included $11.5 billion of cash consideration paid to acquire pharmacyclics in may 2015 (net of cash acquired of $877 million). investing activities in 2015 also included cash outflows related to other acquisitions and investments of $964 million, including a $500 million payment to calico, $100 million related to an exclusive worldwide license agreement with c2n to develop and commercialize anti-tau antibodies for the treatment of alzheimer's disease and other neurological disorders and $130 million paid to infinity due to the achievement of a development milestone under the collaboration agreement. cash flows from investing activities in 2015 also included capital expenditures of $532 million.
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper. the balance of commercial paper outstanding was $400 million as of december 31, 2017 and $377 million as of december 31, 2016. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed.
in november 2016, the company issued €3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior euro notes. the company used the proceeds to redeem $4.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 1.75% senior notes that were due to mature in november 2017. in connection with the offering, abbvie incurred $17 million of issuance costs. in may 2016, the company issued $7.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. approximately $2.0 billion of the net proceeds were used to repay an outstanding term loan that was due to mature in november 2016, approximately $1.9 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance the acquisition of stemcentrx and approximately $3.8 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance an asr. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the asr transactions. in connection with the may 2016 issuance of senior notes, abbvie incurred $52 million of issuance costs.
in may 2015, the company issued $16.7 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. approximately $11.5 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance the acquisition of pharmacyclics and $5.0 billion of the net proceeds were used to finance an asr. in 2015, the company paid $86 million of costs relating to an $18.0 billion, 364-day bridge term loan credit agreement (the bridge loan) as well as $93 million of costs relating to the may 2015 issuance of senior notes. no amounts were drawn under the bridge loan, which was terminated as a result of the issuance of the senior notes. in september 2015, abbvie entered into a three-year $2.0 billion term loan credit facility and a 364-day $2.0 billion term loan credit facility. in november 2015, abbvie drew on these term facilities and used the proceeds to refinance its $4.0 billion of senior notes that matured in 2015.
cash dividend payments totaled $4.1 billion in 2017, $3.7 billion in 2016 and $3.3 billion in 2015. the increase in cash dividend payments was primarily due to an increase in the dividend rate. on october 27, 2017, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.64 per share to $0.71 per share beginning with the dividend payable on february 15, 2018 to stockholders of record as of january 12, 2018. this reflects an increase of approximately 11% over the previous quarterly rate. on february 15, 2018, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.71 per share to $0.96 per share beginning with the dividend payable on may 15, 2018 to stockholders of record as of april 13, 2018. the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends by abbvie in the future is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
in addition to the asrs, under abbvie's existing stock repurchase program, the company repurchased approximately 13 million shares for $1.0 billion in 2017, approximately 34 million shares for $2.1 billion in 2016 and approximately 46 million shares for $2.8 billion in 2015 . abbvie cash-settled $285 million of its december 2016 open market purchases in january 2017 and cash-settled $300 million of its december 2015 open market purchases in january 2016. the stock repurchase authorization permits purchases of abbvie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's
discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. abbvie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was $4.0 billion as of december 31, 2017. on february 15, 2018, abbvie's board of directors authorized a new $10.0 billion stock repurchase program, which superseded abbvie's previous stock repurchase program. the new stock repurchase program permits purchases of abbvie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions, including accelerated share repurchases, at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time.
in 2017, abbvie paid $305 million of contingent consideration to bi related to a phase 3 enrollment milestone. $268 million of this milestone was included in financing cash flows and $37 million was included in operating cash flows.
cash and equivalents were impacted by net favorable exchange rate changes totaling $29 million in 2017, net unfavorable exchange rate changes totaling $338 million in 2016 and $300 million in 2015. the favorable exchange rate changes in 2017 were primarily due to the strengthening of the euro and other foreign currencies on the translation of the company's euro-denominated assets and cash denominated in foreign currencies. the unfavorable exchange rate changes in 2016 were primarily due to the devaluation of abbvie's net monetary assets denominated in the venezuelan bolivar. the unfavorable exchange rate changes in 2015 were principally due to the weakening of the euro and other foreign currencies on the translation of the company's euro-denominated assets and cash denominated in foreign currencies.
prior to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act in december 2017, a significant portion of cash and equivalents were considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries. the enactment of u.s. tax reform significantly changed the u.s. corporate tax system, including imposing a mandatory one-time transition tax on previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and the creation of a territorial tax system that generally allows the repatriation of future foreign sourced earnings without incurring additional u.s. taxes. the company has not fully completed its analysis and calculation of foreign earnings subject to the transition tax. the provisional estimate of the one-time transition tax was $4.5 billion and is generally payable in eight annual installments. abbvie does not expect the transition tax liability to materially affect its liquidity and capital resources.
credit risk abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. abbvie may also utilize factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk, although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
abbvie continues to do business with foreign governments in certain countries, including greece, portugal, italy and spain, which have historically experienced challenges in credit and economic conditions. substantially all of abbvie's trade receivables in greece, portugal, italy and spain are with government health systems. outstanding governmental receivables in these countries, net of allowances for doubtful accounts, totaled $255 million as of december 31, 2017 and $244 million at december 31, 2016. the company also continues to do business with foreign governments in certain oil-exporting countries that have experienced a deterioration in economic conditions, including saudi arabia and russia, which may result in delays in the collection of receivables. outstanding governmental receivables related to saudi arabia, net of allowances for doubtful accounts, were $149 million as of december 31, 2017 and $122 million as of december 31, 2016. outstanding governmental receivables related to russia, net of allowances for doubtful accounts, were $152 million as of december 31, 2017 and $110 million as of december 31, 2016. global economic conditions and customer-specific factors may require the company to periodically re-evaluate the collectability of its receivables and the company could potentially incur credit losses.
currently, abbvie does not believe the economic conditions in oil-exporting countries will have a significant impact on the company's liquidity, cash flow or financial flexibility. however, if government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, abbvie may not be able to collect the entire balance outstanding as of december 31, 2017.
credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility abbvie currently has a $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility which matures in october 2019. the revolving credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. at december 31, 2017, the company was in compliance with all its credit facility covenants. commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
38 | 2017 form 10-k access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations, or by issuing additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
credit ratings there were no changes in the company's credit ratings in 2017. unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes abbvie's estimated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017:
long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current portion      37,612                     6,026                          5,469                          5,938                         20,179
future minimum non-cancelable operating lease commitments                       957                       143                            235                            151                            428
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using forecasted interest rates in effect at the end of 2017. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2017. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's debt instruments and note 10 for additional information on the interest rate swap agreements outstanding at december 31, 2017.
(b)   includes the company's significant unconditional purchase obligations. these commitments do not exceed the company's projected requirements and are made in the normal course of business.
(c)   amounts less than one year includes voluntary contributions in excess of $750 million that abbvie plans to make to its various defined benefit plans subsequent to december 31, 2017. amounts otherwise exclude pension and other post-employment benefits and related deferred compensation cash outflows. timing of funding is uncertain and dependent on future movements in interest rates and investment returns, changes in laws and regulations and other variables. also included in this amount are components of other long-term liabilities including restructuring. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on restructuring and note 11 for additional information on the pension and other post-employment benefit plans.
(d)   excludes liabilities associated with the company's unrecognized tax benefits as it is not possible to reliably estimate the timing of the future cash outflows related to these liabilities. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these unrecognized tax benefits.
(e)   includes $4.5 billion of contingent consideration liabilities related to the acquisitions of stemcentrx and bi compounds which are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. potential contingent consideration payments that exceed the fair value recorded on the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see notes 5 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these liabilities.
(f)   includes a one-time transition tax liability on a mandatory deemed repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries resulting from u.s. tax reform, enacted in 2017. the one-time transition tax is generally payable in eight annual installments. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the provisional estimates of these tax liabilities.
abbvie enters into r&d collaboration arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are insignificant in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate future cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. as a result, these potential payments are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these collaboration arrangements.
40 | 2017 form 10-k critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit managers, state government medicaid programs, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other government agencies and private entities.
rebate and chargeback accruals are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the related product is sold. rebates and chargebacks totaled $12.9 billion in 2017, $10.8 billion in 2016 and $8.6 billion in 2015. rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, the applicable price terms and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant.
in order to establish its rebate and chargeback accruals, the company uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, the company tracks sales by product and by customer or payer. the company evaluates inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of its reserves. abbvie regularly monitors its reserves and records adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in the reserve is appropriate. historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings.
the following table is an analysis of the three largest rebate accruals and chargeback allowances, which comprise approximately 92% of the total consolidated rebate and chargebacks recorded as reductions to revenues in 2017. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross revenues are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
cash discounts and product returns cash discounts and product returns, which totaled $1.3 billion in 2017, $964 million in 2016 and $898 million in 2015, are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the same period the related product is sold. the reserve for cash discounts is readily determinable because the company's experience of payment history is fairly consistent. product returns can be reliably estimated based on the company's historical return experience.
pension and other post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the pension and other post-employment benefit plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates. the significant assumptions used in determining these calculations are disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the yield curve approach reflects the plans' specific cash flows (i.e. duration) in calculating the benefit obligations by applying the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve. beginning in 2016, abbvie also reflected the plans' specific cash flows and applied them to the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve in calculating the service cost and interest cost portions of expense. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate. abbvie's assumed discount rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans as of december 31, 2017. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2018 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2017:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)   increase                decrease defined benefit plans service and interest cost                     $(64      )             $72
projected benefit obligation                  (572      )             652
other post-employment plans service and interest cost                     $(9       )             $11
projected benefit obligation                  (77       )              89
effective december 31, 2015, abbvie elected to change the method it uses to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit costs. historically, abbvie estimated these service and interest cost components of this expense utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. in late 2015, abbvie elected to utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. abbvie elected to make this change to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs by improving the correlation between projected benefit cash flows to the corresponding spot yield curve rates. abbvie accounted for this change prospectively as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle. this change reduced abbvie's net periodic benefit cost by approximately $41 million in 2016. this change had no effect on the 2015 expense and did not affect the measurement of abbvie's total benefit obligations.
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the current long-term rate of return on plan assets for each plan is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2017 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2018. a one percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would increase or decrease the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2018 by $54 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of each plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of
42 | 2017 form 10-k december 31, 2017 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2018. a one percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2018 and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)   increase            decrease service and interest cost                     $31                 $(24      )
projected benefit obligation                  183                 (140      )
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss and therefore, the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. ipr&d acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written off. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event occurs that could result in an impairment. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets using a quantitative impairment test.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, foreign currency exchange rates, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. the
estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views of a company and similar companies. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the assets and potentially result in different impacts to the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
contingent consideration the fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined as of the acquisition date based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products still in development. contingent consideration liabilities are revalued to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the related contingency is resolved. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, the time required to achieve the milestones and estimated future sales. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of these inputs. changes to the inputs described above could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations in any given period. at december 31, 2017, a 50 basis point increase/decrease in the assumed discount rate would have decreased/increased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $170 million. additionally, at december 31, 2017, a five percentage point increase/decrease in the assumed probability of success across all potential indications would have increased/decreased the value of the contingent consideration liabilities by approximately $390 million.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements.