item 1a.   risk factors as noted above, broadcom is the successor to avago. following the acquisition of brcm, on february 1, 2016, broadcom became the ultimate parent company of avago and brcm. financial information and results of operations presented in this annual report on form 10-k for periods prior to february 1, 2016 relate to avago and relate to us for the periods after february 1, 2016.
our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our ordinary shares. the following important factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the sec, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements.
risks related to our business the majority of our sales comes from a small number of customers and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business.
we are dependent on a small number of end customers, oems, their respective contract manufacturers, and certain distributors for a majority of our business, revenue and results of operations. sales to distributors accounted for 28% and 30% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. direct sales to foxconn accounted for 14% of our net revenue for both fiscal years 2017 and 2016. we believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and more than 30% for fiscal year 2016. we believe aggregates sales to apple, inc., through all channels, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and approximately 15% for fiscal year 2016. this customer concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material, adverse developments experienced by our significant customers.
in addition, our top customers' purchasing power has, in some cases, given them the ability to make greater demands on us with regard to pricing and contractual terms in general. we expect this trend to continue, which may adversely affect our gross margin on certain products and, should we fail to comply with such terms, might also result in substantial liability that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
moreover, the terms and conditions under which we do business with most of our customers generally do not include commitments by those customers to purchase any specific quantities of products from us. even in those instances where we enter into an arrangement under which a customer agrees to source an agreed portion of its product needs from us (provided that we are able to meet specified development, supply and quality commitments), the arrangement often includes pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of volume of products purchased, and those customers may not purchase the amount of product we expect. as a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or the level of profitability we expect under such arrangements. if we do not perform under these arrangements, we could also be liable for significant monetary damages.
the loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.
dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes third-party wafer foundry and module assembly and test capabilities, referred to as contract manufacturers. our products require semiconductor wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry, either our own or with a particular contract manufacturer.
we depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. although we often have long-term contracts with our contract manufacturers, we do not generally have long-term capacity commitments. we obtain substantially all of our manufacturing services on a purchase order basis and our contract manufacturers have no obligation to provide us with any specified minimum quantities of product. further, from time to time our contract manufacturers will cease to, or will become unable to, manufacture a component for us. as the lead time needed to identify, qualify and establish reliable production, at acceptable yields, with a new contract manufacturer is typically lengthy, there is often no readily available alternative source for the wafers or other contract manufacturing services we require, and there may be other constraints on our ability to change contract manufacturers. in addition, qualifying such manufacturers is often expensive, and they may not produce products as cost-effectively as our current suppliers, which would reduce our margins. in any such circumstances, we may be unable to meet our customer demand and may fail to meet our contractual obligations.
this could result in the payment of significant damages by us to our customers, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we utilize tsmc to produce the substantial majority of our semiconductor wafers. tsmc manufactured approximately three-quarters of the wafers manufactured by our contract manufacturers during the fiscal year ended october 29, 2017. our wafer requirements represent a significant portion of the total production capacity of tsmc. however, tsmc also fabricates wafers for other companies, including certain of our competitors, and could choose to prioritize capacity for other users or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice, or raise their prices to us, all of which could harm our business, results of operations and gross margin.
any substantial disruption in tsmc's supply of wafers to us, or in the other contract manufacturing services that we utilize, as a result of a natural disaster, political unrest, economic instability, equipment failure or other cause, could materially harm our business, customer relationships and results of operations.
we also depend on our third-party contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes, including, in the case of wafer fabrication, transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. if these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or deliver products to our customers, which could result in loss of revenue opportunities and damage our relationships with our customers.
we purchase a significant amount of the materials used in our products from a limited number of suppliers.
our manufacturing processes rely on many materials, including silicon, gaas and inp wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. we purchase a significant portion of our semiconductor materials and finished goods used in our products from a few materials providers, some of which are single source suppliers. during the fiscal year ended october 29, 2017, we purchased approximately two-thirds of the materials for our manufacturing processes from five materials providers. substantially all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis, and we do not generally have long-term contracts with our materials providers. suppliers may extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to commodity price increases, capacity constraints or other factors, which may lead to interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. in the event that we cannot timely obtain sufficient quantities of materials or at reasonable prices, the quality of the material deteriorates or we are not able to pass on higher materials or energy costs to our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our growth strategy includes the acquisition of, and investment in, businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies, augment our market coverage, or enhance our technological capabilities, such as our acquisition of brocade. we may also enter into strategic alliances or joint ventures to achieve these goals. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment, alliance, or joint venture opportunities, or to consummate any such transactions. in addition, our original estimates and assumptions used in assessing any transaction that we make may be inaccurate and we may not realize the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such transaction, including our acquisition of brocade.
any acquisitions we may undertake involve risks and uncertainties, such as unexpected delays, challenges and related expenses, and diversion of management's attention. for example, regulatory approvals required in connection with an acquisition, such as those from the u.s. department of justice or the federal trade commission, may take longer than anticipated to obtain, may not be obtained at all or may contain materially burdensome conditions. if any conditions or changes to the structure of an acquisition are required to obtain these regulatory approvals, they may have the effect of jeopardizing or delaying completion of such acquisition or reducing our anticipated benefits of the transaction. if we agree to any material conditions in order to obtain any such approvals or if we fail to comply with any such conditions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. for example, if we do not complete our redomiciliation within one year from the closing, we agreed to initiate a process to separate and divest the brocade san business. if we fail to complete an acquisition, our share price could fall to the extent the price reflects an assumption that such acquisition will be completed, and we may have incurred significant unrecoverable costs. further, the failure to consummate an acquisition may result in negative publicity and adversely impact our relationships with our customers, vendors and employees. we may become subject to legal proceedings relating to the acquisition and the integration of acquired businesses may not be successful. the integration of an acquired business involves significant challenges, including, among others: minimizing the disruption of our business, diversion of management's attention from daily operations and integrating the personnel of acquired businesses; incurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense, assuming liabilities and ongoing lawsuits, potential impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing our expenses and working capital requirements; and implementing our management information systems, operating systems and internal controls over the acquired operations. these difficulties may be complicated by factors such as the size of the business or entity acquired, geographic
distances and cultural differences, lack of experience operating in the geographic markets or industry sectors of the acquired business, potential loss of key employees and customers, the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at the acquired or combined business, performance problems with the acquired business' technology, exposure to unanticipated liabilities of the acquired business, insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with the acquisition, adverse tax consequences and our potential inability to achieve the growth prospects or synergies expected from any such acquisition.
failure to manage and successfully integrate the acquisitions we make, or to improve margins of the acquired businesses and products, could materially harm our business, operating results and margins.
any future acquisitions we make may require significant additional debt or equity financing, which, in the case of debt financing, would increase our leverage and potentially negatively affect our credit ratings, and in the case of an equity or equity-linked financing, would be dilutive to our existing shareholders. any downgrades in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to borrow by resulting in more restrictive borrowing terms or increased borrowing costs. as a result, we may be unable to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future to the same extent as in the past, or at all. these and other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability of acquired businesses or realize other anticipated benefits of an acquisition, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we recently made an offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of qualcomm. we do not yet know the outcome of this proposed acquisition. however, any such transaction will be subject to all of the risks discussed above, and we will need to incur a significant amount of indebtedness to fund the transaction.
from time to time, we may also seek to divest or wind down portions of our business that are not strategically important, both acquired or otherwise, such as the brocade ip networking business, or we may exit minority investments, each of which could materially affect our cash flows and results of operations. any future dispositions we may make could involve risks and uncertainties, including our ability to sell such businesses on terms acceptable to us, or at all. in addition, any such dispositions could result in disruption to other parts of our business, potential loss of employees or customers, exposure to unanticipated liabilities or result in ongoing obligations and liabilities to us following any such dispositions. for example, in connection with such dispositions, we often enter into transition services agreements or other strategic relationships, including long-term research and development arrangements, sales arrangements or agree to provide certain indemnities to the purchaser in any such transaction, which may result in additional expense and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, dispositions may include the transfer of technology and/or the licensing of certain ip rights to third-party purchasers, which could limit our ability to assert our ip rights against such third-party purchasers.
failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customers demand could adversely affect our results of operations.
we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, levels of reliance on contract manufacturing and outsourcing, internal fabrication utilization and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer requirements. factors that can impact our ability to accurately estimate future customer requirements include the short-term nature of many customers' commitments, our customers' ability to reschedule, cancel and modify orders with little or no notice and without significant penalty, the accuracy of our customers' forecasts and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for our customers' products, as well as seasonal or cyclical trends in their industries or the semiconductor industry.
to ensure availability of our products, particularly for our largest customers, we typically start manufacturing our relevant products based on our customers' forecasts, which are not binding. as a result, we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated sales that may never materialize or which may be substantially lower than expected. if actual demand for our products is lower than forecast, we may also experience higher inventory carrying and operating costs and product obsolescence. because certain of our sales, research and development, and internal manufacturing overhead expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand may also decrease our gross margin and operating income.
conversely, customers often require rapid increases in production on short notice. we may be unable to secure sufficient materials or contract manufacturing capacity to meet such increases in demand. this could damage our customer relationships, reduce revenue growth and margins, subject us to additional liabilities, harm our reputation, and prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities.
we are dependent on a limited number of markets, and dynamics in these markets could negatively impact our business or results of operations.
we operate in a limited number of markets. if demand in these markets declines or grows at a significantly slower pace than expected, our results may be adversely affected. the success of our wired infrastructure segment is primarily dependent on information technology, or it, and data center spending, which can vary dramatically from quarter to quarter, consumer
demand for traditional pay-tv services, capital expenditures on the installation of broadband capacity and our ability to transition our products to increasingly smaller line width geometries. our wireless communications segment is primarily dependent on the mobile handset market, which is characterized by intense competition, rapidly evolving technologies and changing consumer preferences, and our success is dependent on the overall demand for mobile handsets and macroeconomic conditions in general, as well as the relative success of the mobile handsets into which our products are incorporated.
similar to our wired infrastructure segment, our enterprise storage segment is dependent on data center spending, as well as hdd-related sales. in addition, the shift to cloud-based it solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect both our wired infrastructure and enterprise storage segments. we currently sell a substantial portion of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. as cloud-based it solutions become more prevalent, our results of operations will suffer if we are unable to increase sales of our products to cloud-based data center providers.
we are subject to risks associated with our distributors, including product inventory levels and product sell-through.
we sell many of our products through distributors who maintain their own inventory of our products for sale to dealers and end customers. sales to distributors accounted for 28% of our net revenue in the fiscal year ended october 29, 2017. if our distributors are unable to sell an adequate amount of their inventory of our products in a given quarter or if they decide to decrease their inventories for any reason, our sales to these distributors and our revenue may decline. we also face the risk that our distributors may increase inventory levels of our products in any particular quarter in excess of future anticipated sales. if such sales do not occur in the time frame anticipated by these distributors for any reason, these distributors may substantially decrease the amount of product they order from us in subsequent periods until their inventory levels realign with end customer demand, which would harm our business and could adversely affect our revenue in such subsequent periods. we have streamlined the number of distributors we use, making us increasingly dependent on our remaining distributors, which may exacerbate the foregoing risks and increase our related credit risk.
we do not always have a direct relationship with the end customers of our products sold through distributors. as a result, our products may be used in applications for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, including, for example, medical devices, and they may not perform as anticipated in such applications. in such event, failure of even a small number of parts could result in significant liabilities to us, damage our reputation and harm our business and results of operations.
our business would be adversely affected by the departure of existing members of our senior management team.
our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and in particular, the services of mr. hock e. tan, our president and chief executive officer. none of our senior management is bound by written employment contracts. in addition, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. the loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market conditions in which we operate.
our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations.
our revenue and operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. these fluctuations may occur on a quarterly and annual basis and are due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors include, among others:
•   customer concentration and the gain or loss of significant customers;
•   the timing of launches by our customers of new products, such as mobile handsets, in which our products are included and changes in end-user demand for the products manufactured and sold by our customers;
•   changes in our product mix or customer mix and their effect on our gross margin;
•   the timing of receipt, reduction or cancellation of significant orders by customers;
•   fluctuations in the levels of component inventories held by our customers;
•   utilization of our internal manufacturing facilities and fluctuations in manufacturing yields;
•   our ability to successfully and timely integrate, and realize the benefits of acquisitions we may make and the timing of acquisitions or dispositions of, or making and exiting investments in, other entities, businesses or technologies;
•   changes in our tax structure or incentive arrangements, which may adversely affect our net tax expense and our cash flow in any quarter in which such an event occurs;
•   our ability to develop, introduce and market new products and technologies on a timely basis;
•   the timing and extent of our non-product revenue, such as product development revenue and royalty and other payments from ip sales and licensing arrangements;
•   seasonality or other fluctuations in our markets;
•   timing and amount of research and development and related new product expenditures, and the timing of receipt of any research and development grant monies;
•   availability and cost of raw materials and components from our suppliers;
•   timing of any regulatory updates, particularly with respect to tax reform;
•   fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•   loss of key personnel or the shortage of available skilled workers; and
•   the effects of competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products.
the foregoing factors are often difficult to predict, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly or annual operating results. in addition, a significant amount of our operating expenses are relatively fixed in nature due to our significant sales, research and development and internal manufacturing overhead costs. any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify the adverse impact of such revenue shortfall on our results of operations. as a result, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue and operating results may not be meaningful or a reliable indicator of our future performance. if our operating results in one or more future quarters fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, an immediate and significant decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares may occur.
if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our design and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively.
our future success depends on our ability to retain, attract and motivate qualified personnel. we also seek to acquire talented engineering and technical personnel through acquisitions we may make from time to time or otherwise. we have historically encountered some difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified engineers, particularly in silicon valley and southeast asia where qualified engineers are in high demand. in addition, our employees, including employees whom we have retained as a result of an acquisition, may decide not to continue working for us and may leave with little or no notice. as the source of our technological and product innovations, our design and technical personnel represent a significant asset. any inability to retain, attract or motivate such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and liquidity.
adverse global economic conditions have from time to time caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the semiconductor industry generally, as well as in our target markets, which have adversely affected our business and results of operations. in recent periods, investor and customer concerns about the global economic outlook have adversely affected market and business conditions in general. macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast revenue, gross margin and expenses. sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions may cause our customers and consumers to reduce or delay spending, could lead to the insolvency of key suppliers and customers, and could intensify pricing pressures. any or all of these factors could negatively affect demand for our products and our business, financial condition and result of operations.
the semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid technological change and price erosion, evolving technical standards, frequent new product introductions, short product life cycles (for semiconductors and for many of the end products in which they are used) and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. from time to time, these factors, together with changes in general economic conditions, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry in general, and in our business in particular. periods of industry downturns have been characterized by diminished demand for end-user products, high inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment, under-utilization of manufacturing capacity, changes in revenue mix and accelerated erosion of average selling prices, resulting in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we expect our business to continue to be subject to cyclical downturns even
when overall economic conditions are relatively stable. if we cannot offset industry or market downturns, our net revenue may decline and our financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
our proposed redomiciliation may adversely impact our overall cash tax costs. if we do not complete the redomiciliation within one year of the brocade merger, we may be required to divest our brocade san business.
on november 2, 2017, we announced our intention to initiate a process to change the ultimate parent company of the broadcom group from a singapore company to a u.s. corporation. the final form and the timing of the redomiciliation has not yet been finalized and may be affected by the 2017 tax reform act. in addition, the redomiciliation is subject to the approval of our shareholders. we presently expect our overall cash tax costs will approximately double, as compared to our fiscal year 2017 results, due to the redomiciliation and taking in account the expected effects of the 2017 tax reform act.
furthermore, in connection with the completion of the brocade merger, we agreed to initiate a process to separate and divest the brocade san business if we do not complete this redomiciliation within one year after the brocade merger. any such divestiture could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
winning business is subject to lengthy, competitive bid selection processes that often require us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue.
our business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins". these selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. failure to obtain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product. this can result in lost revenue and could weaken our position in future competitive bid selection processes.
winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer or that we will realize as much revenue as anticipated, if any. a delay or cancellation of a customer's plans could materially and adversely affect our financial results, as we incur significant expense in the design process and may generate little or no revenue from it. in addition, the timing of design wins is unpredictable and implementing production for a major design win, or multiple design wins occurring at the same time, may strain our resources and those of our contract manufacturers. in such event, we may be forced to dedicate significant additional resources and incur additional, unanticipated costs and expenses. often customers will only purchase limited numbers of evaluation units from us until they qualify the products and/or the manufacturing line for those products. the qualification process can take significant time and resources and we may not always be able to satisfy customers' qualification requirements. delays in qualification or failure to qualify our products may cause a customer to discontinue use of our products and result in a significant loss of revenue. finally, customers could choose at any time to stop using our products or may fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products, and cause us to hold excess inventory, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risks are exacerbated by the fact that many of our products, and the end products into which our products are incorporated, often have very short life cycles.
competition in our industry could prevent us from growing our revenue.
the global semiconductor market is highly competitive. we expect competition in the markets in which we participate to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings. competition may further increase as companies not currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing products in the future. in addition, the competitive landscape is changing as a result of a trend toward consolidation within the industry, as some of our direct competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors while others have begun collaborating with each other. we expect this consolidation trend to continue.
some of our competitors may have greater resources for manufacturing, distribution, financial, research and development or marketing resources than us. in addition, some of our competitors may also have a greater presence in key markets, a larger customer base or more comprehensive ip portfolio and patent protection than us. we compete with idms and fabless semiconductor companies, as well as the internal resources of large, integrated oems. because our products are often building block semiconductors, providing functions that in some cases can be integrated into more complex ics we also face competition from manufacturers of ics, as well as customers that may develop their own ic products. our competitors in these markets range from large, international companies offering a wide range of semiconductor products and devices to smaller companies specializing in niche markets and new technologies.
if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose market share for our products or incur significant reduction in our gross margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities or other significant operations, or those of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilities, in particular in fort collins, colorado, singapore, and breinigsville, pennsylvania. we use these internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, to protect our ip, to accelerate time to market of our products and to ensure supply of certain components. our fort collins and breinigsville facilities are the sole sources for our fbar components used in many of our wireless devices and for the inp-based wafers used in our fibre optics products, respectively. many of our facilities, and those of our contract manufacturers and suppliers, are located in california and the pacific rim region, which has above average seismic activity and severe weather activity. in addition, our research and development personnel are primarily concentrated in china, india, israel, malaysia, singapore, south korea, taiwan, fort collins, colorado, san jose, california, southern california and breinigsville and allentown, pennsylvania, with the expertise of the personnel at each such location tending to be focused on one or two specific areas.
a prolonged disruption at one or more of our manufacturing or research facilities for any reason, especially our fort collins, singapore and breinigsville facilities, or those of our contract manufacturers or suppliers, due to natural- or man-made disasters or other events outside of our control, such as equipment malfunction or widespread outbreaks of acute illness at one or more of these facilities, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development until a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found. any such event would likely disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, result in us being unable to timely satisfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers resulting in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilities, and in some instances could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a particular product area or target market. as a result, we could forgo revenue opportunities, potentially lose market share, damage our customer relationships and be subject to litigation and additional liabilities, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business. although we purchase insurance to mitigate certain losses, such insurance often carries a high deductible amount and any such uninsured losses could negatively affect our operating results. in addition, even if we were able to promptly resume production of our affected products, if our customers cannot timely resume their own manufacturing following such an event, they may cancel or scale back their orders from us and this may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. such events could also result in increased fixed costs relative to the revenue we generate and adversely affect our results of operations.
we may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must maintain appropriate capacity at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand for our proprietary products. from time to time, this requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities, which often involves substantial cost and other risks, such as delays in completion. such expanded manufacturing capacity may still be insufficient, or may not come online soon enough, to meet customer demand and we may have to put customers on product allocation, forgo sales or lose customers as a result. conversely, if we overestimate customer demand, we would experience excess capacity and fixed costs at these facilities, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations.
any failure of our it systems or one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend on various it systems, including networks, applications, internal it systems and personnel, and outsourced services for, among other things, financial reporting and product orders and shipments. we rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including certain services related to accounting, billing, shipping, human resources, benefit plan administration, it network development and network monitoring. while we may be entitled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, we may be unable to collect on any award of damages and any award may be insufficient to cover the actual costs we may incur as a result of a vendor's failure to perform under its agreement with us. upon expiration or termination of any of our third-party vendor agreements we may not be able to timely replace the vendor on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable to us. in addition, a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete.
any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations by harming our ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain and production facilities, fulfill customer orders, and report financial and other information on a timely and accurate basis.
our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, level of capacity utilization and commodity prices.
our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets. a shift in sales mix away from our higher margin products, as well as the timing and amount of our non-product and
ip-related revenue, could adversely affect our future gross margin percentages. although our non-product revenue is generally high margin, it fluctuates significantly from quarter to quarter. in addition, increased competition and the existence of product alternatives, more complex engineering requirements, lower demand or reductions in our technological lead, compared to our competitors, and other factors may lead to further price erosion, lower revenue and lower margin for us in the future.
our gross margin may also be adversely affected by expenses related to the acquisitions of businesses, such as amortization of intangible assets and restructuring and impairment charges. furthermore, businesses or companies that we acquire may have different gross margin profiles than us and could, therefore, also affect our overall gross margin.
in addition, semiconductor manufacturing requires significant capital investment, leading to high fixed costs, including depreciation expense. if we are unable to utilize our owned manufacturing facilities at a high level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities, such as depreciation expense, will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and a lower gross margin. furthermore, fluctuations in commodity prices, either directly in the price of the raw materials we buy, or as a result of price increases passed on to us by our suppliers, could negatively impact our margins. we do not hedge our exposure to commodity prices, some of which (including gold and fuel prices) are very volatile, and sudden or prolonged increases in commodities prices may adversely affect our gross margin.
the enactment of legislation implementing changes in taxation of international business activities, the adoption of other corporate tax reform policies, or changes in tax legislation or policies could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.
corporate tax reform, base-erosion efforts and tax transparency continue to be high priorities in many tax jurisdictions where we have business operations. as a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes in numerous jurisdictions are under heightened scrutiny and tax reform legislation is being proposed or enacted in a number of jurisdictions. for example, the 2017 tax reform act, adopting broad u.s. corporate income tax reform will, among other things, reduce the u.s. corporate income tax rate, but will impose base-erosion prevention measures on non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities as well as a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities. the 2017 tax reform act will affect the tax position reflected on our consolidated balance sheet and our obligations for cash taxes of our u.s. entities and will have a corresponding impact on our consolidated financial results starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018.
in addition, many countries are beginning to implement legislation and other guidance to align their international tax rules with the organisation for economic co-operation's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations and action plan that aim to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including changes to cross-border tax, transfer-pricing documentation rules, and nexus-based tax incentive practices. as a result of the heightened scrutiny of corporate taxation policies, prior decisions by tax authorities regarding treatments and positions of corporate income taxes could be subject to enforcement activities, and legislative investigation and inquiry, which could also result in changes in tax policies or prior tax rulings. any such changes in policies or rulings may also result in the taxes we previously paid being subject to change.
due to the large scale of our international business activities any substantial changes in international corporate tax policies, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives may materially and adversely affect our business, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our financial condition and results of operations generally.
if the tax incentive or tax holiday arrangements we have negotiated in singapore and other jurisdictions change or cease to be in effect or applicable, in part or in whole, for any reason, or if our assumptions and interpretations regarding tax laws and incentive or holiday arrangements prove to be incorrect, the amount of corporate income taxes we have to pay could significantly increase.
our operations are currently structured to benefit from the various tax incentives and tax holidays extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. for example, we have obtained tax incentives from the singapore economic development board, an agency of the government of singapore, which provide that qualifying income we earn in singapore is subject to tax holiday or reduced rates of singapore income tax. subject to our compliance with the conditions specified in these incentives and legislative developments, the singapore tax incentives are presently expected to expire at various dates generally between 2020 and 2021, subject in certain cases to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain, and any subsequent changes in incentive scope. absent these tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate that would otherwise apply to our singapore taxable income would be 17%. we also have tax holidays on our qualifying income in malaysia, which are scheduled to expire between 2018 and 2028. the tax incentives and tax holidays that we have obtained are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions and may, in some instances, be amended or terminated prior to their scheduled termination date by the relevant governmental authority. if we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we could, in some instances, be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits, or if such tax incentive or tax holiday is terminated prior to its expiration absent a new incentive applying, we will lose the related tax benefits earlier than scheduled. depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as
beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present arrangements. the effect of all these tax incentives and tax holidays, in the aggregate, was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $237 million, $169 million and $207 million, for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to increase diluted net income per share by $0.56 and $0.74 in fiscal years 2017 and 2015, respectively, and to reduce diluted net loss per share by $0.44 for fiscal year 2016.
our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows.
our overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors, including reorganizations or restructurings of our businesses or assets, jurisdictional revenue mix and changes in tax regulations or policy, and may be further impacted if our ultimate parent company redomiciles from singapore to the u.s., all of which could materially, adversely affect financial results.
we are currently a singapore-based multinational company subject to tax in various tax jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. additionally, our calculations of income taxes payable currently and on a deferred basis are based on our interpretations of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we are required to file tax returns.
our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by numerous factors including:
•   reorganization or restructuring of our businesses, tangible and intangible assets, outstanding indebtedness and corporate structure, including the planned redomiciliation of our ultimate parent company from singapore to the u.s.;
•   jurisdictional mix of our income and assets, and the resulting tax effects of differing tax rates in different countries;
•   changes in the allocation of income and expenses, including adjustments related to changes in our corporate structure, acquisitions or tax law;
•   changes in transfer pricing rules or methods of applying these rules;
•   changes in tax laws, including in the u.s., changes to the taxation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to income and foreign tax credit rules;
•   tax effects of increases in non-deductible employee compensation;
•   changes in tax accounting rules or principles and in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•   outcomes of income tax audits; and
•   modifications, expiration, lapses or termination of tax credits or incentives.
at the time we completed our acquisition of brcm, or the broadcom merger, in connection with the preliminary allocation of the purchase price, we established a deferred tax liability on our balance sheet. this liability is associated with our potential tax liability arising from our planned integration of brcm's ip, which was completed in november 2016. this deferred tax liability was established using an assumed effective u.s. corporate income tax rate of 35%. however, the 2017 tax reform act lowers this rate to 21%, which will result in a material reduction in the amount of other long-term liabilities on our balance sheet. in addition, prior to the adoption of the 2017 tax reform act, this tax liability would have become payable in the u.s. as earnings resulting from this integration of ip were distributed over time. however, under the 2017 tax reform act, we will be required to recognize all of these earnings in our fiscal year 2018 as a deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, subject to a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax. this repatriation tax, which we preliminarily estimate to be approximately $1.3 billion to $2.5 billion in the aggregate, will be payable over eight years starting in fiscal year 2018. this repatriation tax will increase the amount of our cash taxes payable by an initial amount of at least $100 million to $200 million per year, starting in fiscal year 2018. our initial estimates of the financial impact of the 2017 tax reform act may change as we refine our analysis and as additional guidance becomes available.
we have also adopted transfer pricing policies between our affiliated entities. our policies call for the provision of services, the sale of products, the advance of financing and grant of licenses from one affiliate to another at prices that we believe are negotiated on an arm's length basis. our taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. due to inconsistencies in application of the arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, result in adjustments for prior or future years. as a result of these adjustments, we could become subject to higher taxes and our earnings and results of operations would be adversely affected in any period in which such determination is made.
although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determination of our income tax liability will not be materially different than what is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement of tax liabilities prescribed in the relevant accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes applies to all income tax positions, which, if resolved unfavorably, could adversely impact our provision for income taxes and our payment obligation with respect to any such taxes.
in addition, we are subject to, and are under, tax audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us. although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals. the ultimate result of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
we may be involved in legal proceedings, including ip, anti-competition and securities litigation, employee-related claims and governmental investigations, which could, among other things, divert efforts of management and result in significant expense and loss of our ip rights.
we are often involved in legal proceedings, including cases involving our ip rights and those of others, anti-competition and commercial matters, merger-related suits, securities class action suits, employee-related claims and other actions. some of these actions may seek injunctive relief, including injunctions or exclusion orders against the sale of our products and substantial monetary damages, which if granted or awarded could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. from time to time, we may also be involved or required to participate in governmental investigations. litigation or settlement of such actions, regardless of their merit, or involvement in governmental investigations, can be complex, can extend for a protracted period of time, may divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel, is frequently costly and the related expenditures unpredictable. an unfavorable resolution of a governmental investigation may include, among others, fines or other orders to pay money, and/or the issuance of orders to cease certain conduct and/or modify our business practices.
the semiconductor industry is characterized by companies holding large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of ip rights, including actions by patent-holding companies that do not make or sell products. from time to time, third parties assert against us and our customers and distributors their patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other ip rights to technologies that are important to our business.
many of our customer agreements, and in some cases our asset sale agreements, require us to indemnify our customers or purchasers for third-party ip infringement claims, including costs to defend those claims, and payment of damages in the case of adverse rulings. claims of this sort could also harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. we do not know whether we will prevail in such proceedings, given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in ip litigation. if any pending or future proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to:
•   cease the manufacture, use or sale of the infringing products, processes or technology and/or make changes to our processes or products;
•   pay substantial damages for past, present and future use of the infringing technology;
•   expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology;
•   indemnify our customers or distributors and/or recall, or accept the return of, infringing products;
•   pay substantial damages to our direct or end customers to discontinue use or replace infringing technology with non-infringing technology; or
•   relinquish ip rights associated with one or more of our patent claims, if such claims are held invalid or otherwise unenforceable.
any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we may be obligated to indemnify our current or former directors or employees, or former directors or employees of companies that we have acquired, in connection with litigation or regulatory investigations. these liabilities
could be substantial and may include, among other things, the cost of defending lawsuits against these individuals, as well as stockholder derivative suits; the cost of government, law enforcement or regulatory investigations; civil or criminal fines and penalties; legal and other expenses; and expenses associated with the remedial measure, if any, which may be imposed.
we utilize a significant amount of ip in our business. if we are unable or fail to protect our ip, our business could be adversely affected.
our success depends in part upon protecting our ip. to accomplish this, we rely on a combination of ip rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants. we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our ip rights, and even with significant expenditures we may not be able to protect our ip rights that are valuable to our business. we are unable to predict or assure that:
•   ip rights that we presently employ in our business will not lapse or be invalidated, circumvented, challenged, or, in the case of third-party ip rights licensed to us, be licensed to others;
•   our ip rights will provide competitive advantages to us;
•   rights previously granted by third parties to ip rights licensed or assigned to us, including portfolio cross-licenses, will not hamper our ability to assert our ip rights against potential competitors or hinder the settlement of currently pending or future disputes;
•   any of our pending or future patent, trademark or copyright applications will be issued or have the coverage originally sought;
•   we have sufficient ip rights to protect our products or our business.
in addition, our competitors or others may develop products or technologies that are similar or superior to our products or technologies, duplicate our products or technologies or design around our protected technologies. effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or more limited in other jurisdictions, relative to those protections available in the united states, may not be applied for or may be abandoned in one or more relevant jurisdictions. we may elect to abandon or divest patents or otherwise not pursue prosecution of certain pending patent applications, due to strategic concerns or other factors. in addition, when patents expire, we lose the protection and competitive advantages they provided to us.
we also generate some of our revenue from licensing royalty payments and from technology claim settlements relating to certain of our ip. licensing of our ip rights, particularly exclusive licenses, may limit our ability to assert those ip rights against third parties, including the licensee of those rights. in addition, we may acquire companies with ip that is subject to licensing obligations to other third parties. these licensing obligations may extend to our own ip following any such acquisition and may limit our ability to assert our ip rights. from time to time we pursue litigation to assert our ip rights, including, in some cases, against third parties with whom we have ongoing relationships, such as customers and suppliers. claims of this sort could also harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. conversely, third parties may pursue ip litigation against us, including as a result of our ip licensing business. an adverse decision in such types of legal action could limit our ability to assert our ip rights and limit the value of our technology, including the loss of opportunities to sell or license our technology to others or to collect royalty payments based upon successful protection and assertion of our ip against others. in addition, such legal actions or adverse decisions could otherwise negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we may be subject to warranty or product liability claims that may in the future lead to significant expense. our customer contracts typically contain warranty and indemnification provisions, and in certain cases may also contain liquidated damages provisions, relating to product quality issues. the potential liabilities associated with such provisions are significant, and in some cases, including in agreements with some of our largest customers, are potentially unlimited. any such liabilities may greatly exceed any revenue we receive from the relevant products. costs, payments or damages incurred or paid by us in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. we may also be exposed to such claims as a result of any acquisition we may undertake in the future.
product liability insurance is subject to significant deductibles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims, or we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. it is possible for one of our customers to recall a product containing one of our devices. in such an event, we may incur significant costs and expenses, including among others, replacement costs, contract damage claims from our customers and reputational harm. although we maintain reserves for reasonably estimable liabilities and purchase product liability insurance, our reserves may be inadequate to cover the uninsured portion of such claims. conversely, in some cases, amounts we reserve may ultimately exceed our actual liability for particular claims and may need to be reversed.
the complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs.
highly complex products, such as those we offer, may contain defects and bugs when they are first introduced or as new versions are released, or their release may be delayed due to unforeseen difficulties during product development. if any of our products, including products of companies we have acquired, or third-party components used in our products, contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems, we may not be able to successfully design workarounds. furthermore, if any of these problems are not found until after we have commenced commercial production of a new product, we may be required to incur additional development costs and product recall, repair or replacement costs. consequently, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. to resolve these problems, we may have to invest significant capital and other resources. these problems may also result in claims against us by our customers or others. for example, if a delay in the manufacture and delivery of our products causes the delay of a customer's end-product delivery, we may be required, under the terms of our agreement with that customer, to compensate the customer for the adverse effects of such delays. in addition, these problems may divert our technical and other resources from other development efforts, and we would likely lose, or experience a delay in, market acceptance of the affected product or products. as a result, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
we make substantial investments in research and development to enhance existing and develop new technologies to keep pace with technological advances and to remain competitive in our business, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, short product cycles and evolving industry standards, and requires substantial investment in our research and development in order to develop and bring to market new and enhanced technologies and products. in addition, semiconductor products transition over time to increasingly smaller line width geometries. this requires us to adapt our products and manufacturing processes to these new technologies, which requires expertise in new procedures. our failure to successfully transition to smaller geometry process technologies could impair our competitive position. in order to remain competitive, we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development. we expect the dollar amount of research and development expenses to increase for the foreseeable future, due to the increasing complexity and number of products we plan to develop. if we fail to develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely adopted, or if new competitive technologies that we do not support, become widely accepted, demand for our products may be reduced. significant investments in unsuccessful research and development efforts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, increased investments in research and development could cause our cost structure to fall out of alignment with demand for our products, which would have a negative impact on our financial results.
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business and other factors related to our international operations.
a majority of our products are produced and sourced in asia, including china, india, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, south korea, taiwan and thailand, and we sell our products throughout the world. in addition, as of october 29, 2017, approximately 38% of our employees are located in asia. multiple factors relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include:
•   changes in political, regulatory, legal or economic conditions or geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political or military coups, or civil disturbances or political instability;
•   restrictive governmental actions, such as restrictions on the transfer or repatriation of funds and foreign investments and trade protection measures, including import/export restrictions, import/export duties and quotas, and customs duties and tariffs, all of which could increase under the current administration in the united states;
•   disruptions of capital and trading markets and currency fluctuations, which may result in our products becoming too expensive for foreign customers or foreign-sourced materials and services becoming more expensive for us;
•   difficulty in obtaining product distribution and support, and transportation delays;
•   difficulty in conducting due diligence with respect to business partners in certain international markets;
•   public health or safety concerns;
•   nationalization of businesses and expropriation of assets; and
•   changes in tax laws.
a significant legal risk associated with conducting business internationally is compliance with the various and differing laws and regulations, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, of the countries in which we do business, antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws and export regulations. in addition, the laws in various countries are constantly evolving and may, in some cases, conflict with each other. although our code of ethics and business conduct and other policies prohibit us, our employees and our agents from engaging in unethical business practices, there can be no assurance that all of our employees or agents will refrain from acting in violation of our related anti-corruption policies and procedures. any such violation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. if we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to cease the manufacture and distribution of certain products, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
our business is subject to various international laws and other legal requirements, including packaging, product content, labor and import/export regulations, such as the u.s. export administration regulations, and many of our products are regulated or sold into regulated industries. these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have generally become more stringent over time and may intensify under the current u.s. administration. we may be required to incur significant expense to comply with, or to remedy violations of, these regulations. in addition, if our customers fail to comply with these regulations, we may be required to suspend sales to these customers, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
in addition, the manufacture and distribution of our semiconductors must comply with various laws and adapt to changes in regulatory requirements as they occur. for example, if a country in which our products are manufactured or sold sets technical standards that are not widely shared, it may require us to stop distributing our products commercially until they comply with such new standards, lead certain of our customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require manufacturers in that country to manufacture products with different technical standards and disrupt cross-border manufacturing relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if we fail to comply with these requirements, we could also be required to pay civil penalties or face criminal prosecution. in addition, it is expected that the current u.s. administration's trade policy will promote u.s. manufacturing and manufacturers. it is unclear what effect this will have on us as a multinational company that conducts business world-wide, or on our suppliers, customers, contract manufacturers and oems.
our products and operations are also subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the international standards organization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the u.s. federal communications commission. if we fail to adequately address any of these rules or regulations, our business could be harmed.
we are subject to environmental, health and safety laws, which could increase our costs, restrict our operations and require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to a variety of international laws and regulations relating to the use, disposal, clean-up of and human exposure to, hazardous materials. compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements could, among other things, require us to modify our manufacturing processes, restrict our ability to expand our facilities, or require us to acquire pollution control equipment, all of which can be very costly. any failure by us to comply with such requirements could result in the limitation or suspension of the manufacture of our products, and could result in litigation against us and the payment of significant fines and damages by us in the event of a significant adverse judgment. in addition, complying with any cleanup or remediation obligations for which we are or become responsible could be costly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changing requirements relating to the materials composition of our products, including the restrictions on lead and certain other substances in electronics that apply to specified electronics products sold in various countries, including the united states, china, japan, and in the european union, increase the complexity and costs of our product design and procurement operations and may require us to re-engineer our products. such re-engineering may result in excess inventory or other additional costs and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. we may also experience claims
from employees from time to time with regard to exposure to hazardous materials or other workplace related environmental claims.
social and environmental responsibility regulations, policies and provisions, as well as customer demand, may make our supply chain more complex and may adversely affect our relationships with customers.
there is an increasing focus on corporate social and environmental responsibility in the semiconductor industry, particularly with oems that manufacture consumer electronics. a number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include social and environmental responsibility provisions that their suppliers should comply with, or they seek to include such provisions in their procurement terms and conditions. an increasing number of participants in the semiconductor industry are also joining voluntary social responsibility initiatives such as the u.n. global compact, a voluntary initiative for businesses to develop, implement and disclose sustainability policies and practices. these social and environmental responsibility provisions and initiatives are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain and our significant outsourced manufacturing. if we are unable to comply, or are unable to cause our suppliers or contract manufacturers to comply, with such policies or provisions, a customer may stop purchasing products from us, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations.
in addition, as part of their corporate social and environmental responsibility programs, an increasing number of oems are seeking to source products that do not contain minerals sourced from areas where proceeds from the sale of such minerals are likely to be used to fund armed conflicts, such as in the democratic republic of congo. this could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices, including our products. since our supply chain is complex, we are not currently able to definitively ascertain the origins of all of these minerals and metals used in our products. as a result, we may face difficulties in satisfying these customers' demands, which may harm our sales and operating results.
the average selling prices of products in our markets have often decreased rapidly and may do so in the future, which could harm our revenue and gross profit.
the products we develop and sell are used for high volume applications. as a result, the prices of those products have often decreased rapidly. gross profit on our products may be negatively affected by, among other things, pricing pressures from our customers. in the past, we have reduced the average selling prices of our products in anticipation of future competitive pricing pressures, new product introductions by us or our competitors and other factors. in addition, some of our customer agreements provide for volume-based pricing and product pricing roadmaps, which can also reduce the average selling prices of our products over time. our margins and financial results will suffer if we are unable to offset any reductions in our average selling prices by increasing our sales volumes, reducing manufacturing costs, or developing new and higher value-added products on a timely basis.
a breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business.
our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and protect our customers', suppliers' and employees' confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information. however, we are also dependent on a number of third-party cloud-based and other service providers of critical corporate infrastructure services relating to, among other things, human resources, electronic communication services and certain finance functions, and we are, of necessity, dependent on the security systems of these providers. accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties or our employees or contractors of our facilities, our information systems or the systems of our cloud-based or other service providers, or the existence of computer viruses or malware in our or their data or software could expose us to a risk of information loss and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, including information relating to our products or customers and the personal information of our employees. in addition, we have, from time to time, also been subject to unauthorized network intrusions and malware on our own it networks. any theft or misuse of confidential, personal or proprietary information as a result of such activities could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation, loss of our trade secrets and other competitive information, difficulty in marketing our products, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties and possible financial obligations for liabilities and damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, as well as fines and other sanctions resulting from any related breaches of data privacy regulations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, profitability and financial condition. since the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
we are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis and any adverse findings from such assessment could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, significant expense to remediate any internal control deficiencies and ultimately have an adverse effect on our share price.
we are required to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually, as required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. even though, as of october 29, 2017, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective, we need to maintain our processes and systems and adapt them as our business grows and changes, including to reflect our integration of brocade, as well as any future acquisitions we may undertake. this continuous process of maintaining and adapting our internal controls and complying with section 404 is expensive, time consuming and requires significant management attention. we cannot be certain that our internal control measures will continue to provide adequate control over our financial processes and reporting and ensure compliance with section 404. furthermore, as we grow our business or acquire other businesses, our internal controls may become more complex and we may require significantly more resources to ensure they remain effective. failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of such controls, either in our existing business or in businesses that we acquire, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify material weaknesses in our internal controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, may cause investors to lose confidence in our financial statements and the trading price of our ordinary shares may decline.
remediation of a material weakness could require us to incur significant expenses and if we fail to remedy any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required to restate our financial statements, our ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, our access to the capital markets may be restricted, the trading price of our ordinary shares may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, including the sec or the nasdaq global select market.
our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by employee-benefit related costs and expense.
we sponsor several defined benefit plans and post-retirement medical benefit plans. we are required to make contributions to these plans to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by laws governing these employee benefit plans. the difference between the obligations and assets of these plans, or the funded status of these plans, is a significant factor in determining our pension expense and the ongoing funding requirements of these plans. the projected benefit obligations under these pension plans exceeded the value of the assets of those plans by approximately $82 million at the end of fiscal year 2017. we expect to have additional funding requirements in future years and we may make additional, voluntary contributions to the plans. depending on our cash position at the time, any such funding or contributions to our pension plans could impact our operating flexibility and financial position, including adversely affecting our cash flow for the quarter in which they are made.
furthermore, in order to reduce the expenses associated with these programs, where practicable, we are seeking to move defined benefit plans to defined contribution plans, or to cash out future retirees not yet receiving benefits, and to replace existing pension obligations with annuities. any such changes may adversely affect our results of operations, including our profitability and cash flows. weak economic conditions and related under-performance of asset markets could also lead to an increase in post-retirement benefit expense.
the internal revenue service may not agree that broadcom limited should be treated as a foreign corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
a corporation is generally considered a tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. because broadcom is currently a singapore entity, it would generally be classified as a foreign corporation (and, therefore, not a u.s. tax resident) under these rules. even so, the internal revenue service, or irs, may assert that we should be treated as a u.s. corporation (and, therefore, a u.s. tax resident) for u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 7874 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, or the code.
under section 7874 of the code, if the former shareholders of brcm hold 80% or more of the vote or value of the ordinary shares of broadcom, by reason of their former holding of brcm common shares (the percentage (by vote and value) of our ordinary shares considered to be held (for purposes of section 7874 of the code) by former brcm shareholders immediately after the broadcom merger by reason of holding brcm common shares is referred to in this disclosure as the "section 7874 percentage"), and our expanded affiliated group after the broadcom transaction does not have substantial business activities in singapore relative to our worldwide business activities, broadcom would be treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. if the section 7874 percentage were determined to be at least 60% (but less than 80%), section 7874 of the code would cause broadcom to be treated as a "surrogate foreign corporation" if we did not have substantial business activities in singapore relative to our worldwide business activities.
under current law, broadcom should not be treated as a u.s. corporation for u.s. federal income tax purposes. however, determining the section 7874 percentage is complex and is subject to factual and legal uncertainties, including that such determination takes into account several factors other than the ratio of ownership of our ordinary shares by former brcm shareholders following the broadcom merger. while we believe the section 7874 percentage to be significantly less than 60% (and therefore that section 7874 should not apply to broadcom or brcm), there can be no assurance that the irs will agree with the position that the section 7874 percentage is less than 60%.
if the section 7874 percentage were determined to be at least 60% (but less than 80%), several limitations could apply to brcm. for example, brcm would be prohibited from using its net operating losses, foreign tax credits or other tax attributes to offset the income or gain recognized by reason of the transfer of property to a foreign related person during the 10-year period following the broadcom merger or any income received or accrued during such period by reason of a license of any property by brcm to a foreign related person. in addition, the irs has announced that it will promulgate new rules, which, in that situation, may limit the ability to restructure the non-u.s. members of the brcm tax group or access cash earned in its non-u.s. subsidiaries. moreover, in such case, section 4985 of the code and rules related thereto would impose an excise tax on the value of certain stock compensation held directly or indirectly by certain brcm "disqualified individuals" (including former officers and directors of brcm) at a rate equal to 15%, but only if a gain is otherwise recognized by brcm shareholders as a result of the broadcom merger.
risks relating to our indebtedness our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
as of october 29, 2017, our total consolidated indebtedness under our senior unsecured notes that were issued and sold in january 2017, or the january 2017 senior notes, and our senior unsecured notes that were issued and sold in october 2017, or the october 2017 senior note, collectively the senior notes, was $17,689 million. subject to restrictions in the indentures governing our senior notes, or the indentures, we have the ability to incur a significant amount of additional indebtedness in the future.
•   increasing our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions;
•   requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, execution of our business strategy, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the economy and the semiconductor industry;
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less indebtedness; and
•   making it more difficult to borrow additional funds in the future to fund growth, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures and other purposes; and
•   exposing us to interest rate risk to the extent we incur any variable rate indebtedness, and we do not typically hedge against changes in interest rates.
the indentures also place limitations on our ability to incur certain secured debt, enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indentures contain customary events of default upon the occurrence of which, after any applicable grace period, the noteholders would have the ability to immediately declare the debt due and payable. in such event, we may not have sufficient available cash to repay such debt at the time it becomes due, or be able to refinance such debt on acceptable terms or at all. any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the united states. credit rating agencies regularly revise their ratings for companies they follow, including us. factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, reserve mix and commodity pricing levels could also be considered by the rating agencies. a ratings downgrade could adversely affect the trading price of our senior notes or the trading market for our senior notes. any credit rating downgrade could adversely impact our ability to access debt markets in the future or to refinance our outstanding indebtedness at similar rates or at all, increase the cost of current or future debt and significantly harm our financial condition and results of operations.
servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt.
our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, and to refinance our debt, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the senior notes and any future indebtedness we may incur and to make necessary capital expenditures. if we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. our ability to refinance our outstanding indebtedness or future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms when needed, which could result in a default on our indebtedness.
the trading prices of the senior notes may be volatile.
the trading prices of the senior notes could be subject to significant fluctuation in response to, among other factors, changes in our operating results, interest rates, the market for debt securities, general economic conditions and securities analysts' recommendations, if any, regarding our securities.
risks relating to investments in singapore companies it may be difficult to enforce a judgment of u.s. courts for civil liabilities under u.s. federal securities laws against us or our directors in singapore.
broadcom is incorporated under the laws of the republic of singapore, and certain of our directors are resident outside the united states. moreover, a majority of our consolidated assets are located outside the united states. although broadcom is incorporated outside the united states, we have agreed to accept service of process in the united states through our agent designated for certain purposes. nevertheless, since a majority of the consolidated assets owned by us are located outside the united states, any judgment obtained in the united states against us may not be collectible within the united states.
there is no ratified treaty between the united states and singapore providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the united states based on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws, would, therefore, not be automatically enforceable in singapore. there is doubt whether a singapore court may impose civil liability on broadcom or our directors and officers who reside in singapore in a suit brought in the singapore courts against us or such persons with respect to a violation solely of the federal securities laws of the united states. consequently, there can be no assurance as to whether singapore courts will enter judgments in actions brought in singapore courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the united states.
broadcom is incorporated in singapore and our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interest than they would as shareholders of a corporation incorporated in the united states, and we may have more difficulty attracting and retaining qualified board members and executives.
broadcom's corporate affairs are governed by its constitution and by the laws governing corporations incorporated in singapore. the rights of our shareholders and the responsibilities of the members of our board under singapore law are different from those applicable to a corporation incorporated in the united states. therefore, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interest in connection with actions taken by our management or members of our board than they would as shareholders of a corporation incorporated in the united states.
in addition, being a public company incorporated in singapore may make it more expensive for broadcom to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. these factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified executive officers and members of our board, particularly to serve on committees of our board.
for a limited period of time, our directors have general authority to allot and issue new ordinary shares on such terms and conditions as may be determined by our board in its sole discretion.
under singapore law, we may only allot and issue new ordinary shares with the prior approval of broadcom's shareholders in a general meeting. at our 2017 annual general meeting, broadcom's shareholders provided our directors with the general authority to allot and issue any number of new ordinary shares, which will continue in force until the earlier of (i) the conclusion of our annual general meeting in 2018, (ii) the expiration of the period within which the next annual general meeting is required by law to be held (i.e., within 15 months after the conclusion of the last general meeting) or (iii) the subsequent revocation or modification of such general authority by our shareholders at a duly convened general meeting. subject to the general authority to allot and issue new ordinary shares provided by our shareholders, the provisions of the
singapore companies act and broadcom's constitution, our board may allot and issue new ordinary shares on such terms and conditions as they may think fit to impose. any additional issuances of new ordinary shares by our directors may adversely impact the market price of our ordinary shares and dilute your share ownership.
risks relating to owning our ordinary shares at times, broadcom's share price has been volatile and it may fluctuate substantially in the future, which could result in substantial losses for our investors as well as class action litigation against us and our management which could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources.
the trading price of broadcom ordinary shares has, at times, fluctuated significantly and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to any of the risk factors listed in this "risk factors" section, and others, including:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;
•   issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts;
•   fluctuations in the valuation and results of operations of our significant customers as well as companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;
•   announcements of proposed acquisitions by us or our competitors;
•   announcements of, or expectations of additional debt or equity financing efforts;
•   share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares;
•   issuance of ordinary shares upon exchange of partnership reus; and
•   changes in our dividend or share repurchase policies.
these fluctuations are often unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. these broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, interest rate changes or currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our ordinary shares. you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. we may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. we are also the subject of a number of lawsuits stemming from our acquisitions of plx technology, inc., or plx, emulex and brocade. securities litigation against us, including the lawsuits related to such transactions, could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business.
a substantial amount of our shares is held by a small number of large investors and significant sales of our ordinary shares in the public market by one or more of these holders could cause our share price to fall.
as of september 30, 2017, we believe that our two largest shareholders, capital world investors and capital research global investors, held approximately 17% of broadcom outstanding ordinary shares in the aggregate. these investors may sell their shares at any time for a variety of reasons and such sales could depress the market price of our ordinary shares. in addition, any such sales of our ordinary shares by these entities could also impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
our board has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on broadcom ordinary shares on a quarterly basis. the declaration and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our board and our dividend may be discontinued or reduced at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. furthermore, we may declare dividends as interim dividends, which are wholly provisional under singapore law and may be revoked by our board at any time prior to the payment thereof.
future dividends, if any, and their timing and amount, may be affected by, among other factors: management's views on potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions; earnings levels; contractual restrictions; cash position and overall financial condition; and changes to our business model. the payment of cash dividends is restricted by applicable law, contractual restrictions and our corporate structure. pursuant to singapore law and broadcom's constitution, no dividends may be paid except out of our profits or expected profits, based on singapore accounting standards. because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends on broadcom ordinary shares is also limited by restrictions on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries.
singapore corporate law may impede a takeover of our company by a third-party, which could adversely affect the value of our ordinary shares.
the singapore code on take-overs and mergers contains provisions that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our company for so long as we remain a public company with more than 50 shareholders and net tangible assets of s$5 million or more. any person acquiring an interest, whether by a series of transactions over a period of time or not, either on their own or together with parties acting in concert with such person, in 30% or more of our voting shares, or, if such person holds, either on their own or together with parties acting in concert with such person, between 30% and 50% (both inclusive) of our voting shares, and such person (or parties acting in concert with such person) acquires additional voting shares representing more than 1% of our voting shares in any six-month period, must, except with the consent of the securities industry council in singapore, extend a mandatory takeover offer for the remaining voting shares in accordance with the provisions of the singapore code on take-overs and mergers. while the singapore code on take-overs and mergers seeks to ensure equality of treatment among shareholders, its provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or threatened change of control of our company. these legal requirements may impede or delay a takeover of our company by a third-party, which could adversely affect the value of our ordinary shares.
our actual operating results may differ significantly from our guidance.
from time to time, we release guidance regarding our future performance that represents our management's estimates as of the date of release. this guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in the release. our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the american institute of certified public accountants, and neither any independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles, examines or reviews the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto.
guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, is inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. we generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of these ranges. the principal reason that we release this data is to provide a basis for our management to discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. we do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons.
guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results, particularly any guidance relating to the results of operations of acquired businesses or companies as our management will, necessarily, be less familiar with their business, procedures and operations. accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. actual results will vary from the guidance and the variations may be material. investors should also recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data will diminish the farther in the future that the data are forecast. in light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it.
any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this annual report on form 10-k could result in the actual operating results being different than the guidance, and such differences may be adverse and material.
risks relating to restricted exchangeable units the exchange of the partnership reus into broadcom ordinary shares is subject to significant restrictions, including the right of broadcom in its sole discretion to cause the partnership to repurchase such partnership reus for cash instead of broadcom ordinary shares.
holders of partnership reus, or limited partners, may, subject to compliance with the procedures set forth in the partnership's amended and restated exempted limited partnership agreement, as amended from time to time, or the partnership agreement, require the partnership to repurchase all or any portion of such limited partner's partnership reus in exchange for broadcom ordinary shares, at a ratio of one broadcom ordinary share for each partnership reu, or the exchange right. however, broadcom, in its sole discretion as general partner, has the right to cause the partnership to repurchase the partnership reus for cash (in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement based on the market price of broadcom ordinary shares) in lieu of broadcom ordinary shares. although we are currently issuing broadcom ordinary shares upon exchange of partnership reus, broadcom, in its sole discretion as general partner, may choose to cause the partnership to repurchase the partnership reus for cash at any time and without notice. the payment of cash upon exchange of partnership reus could result in, among other things, tax consequences that differ from those that would have resulted if the holder of such partnership reus had received broadcom ordinary shares.
in addition, prior to february 1, 2019, following the effective time of the broadcom merger, it is a condition precedent to the obligation of the partnership to repurchase such partnership reus, and the holder of such partnership reus shall not be permitted to exercise the exchange right, unless (i) broadcom has received a written opinion from an independent nationally recognized law or accounting firm that the exchange right should not cause broadcom to be treated as (a) a "surrogate foreign corporation" (within the meaning of section 7874(a)(2)(b) of the code) or (b) a "domestic corporation" (within the meaning of section 7874(b) of the code) and (ii) broadcom's independent auditor has determined that no reserve shall be required for financial accounting purposes relating to section 7874 of the code as a result of the exercise of such exchange right. although limited partners are currently permitted to exercise their exchange rights, no assurance can be provided as to whether the above conditions precedent will be satisfied in the future.
the exchange of partnership reus is a u.s. taxable event.
the exchange of partnership reus will be treated for u.s. tax purposes as a taxable sale of the partnership reus by the limited partner making the exchange. a limited partner will recognize gain or loss for u.s. income tax purposes in an amount equal to the fair market value of our ordinary shares or the cash amount received in the exchange, plus the amount of the partnership's liabilities allocable to the partnership reus being exchanged, less the limited partner's adjusted tax basis in the partnership reus exchanged. the recognition of any loss resulting from an exchange of partnership reus is subject to a number of limitations set forth in the code. it is possible that the amount of gain recognized or even the tax liability resulting from the gain could exceed the value of our ordinary shares or cash amount received upon the exchange. in addition, a limited partner may have difficulty finding buyers for a substantial number of ordinary shares in order to raise cash to pay tax liabilities associated with the exchange of their partnership reus and may not receive a price for the ordinary shares equal to the value of the partnership reus at the time of the exchange.
an active trading market for partnership reus is not expected to develop.
the partnership reus are not listed on a national exchange in the united states or on a foreign exchange. an active trading market for the partnership reus is not expected to develop. in addition, although the partnership reus are registered under the exchange act, broadcom, as general partner, is under no obligation to continue such registration and is authorized to deregister the partnership reus at any time such registration is not legally required. as a result, it will be very difficult to sell the partnership reus at a price that is attractive, or at all.
future sales of broadcom ordinary shares in the public market could cause the value of partnership reus to fall.
sales of a substantial number of broadcom ordinary shares in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the value of the partnership reus because the value of the partnership reus is derivative of the value of broadcom ordinary shares.
the value of the broadcom ordinary shares received in any exchange of the partnership reus, or the cash amount to be paid by us in lieu thereof, may fluctuate.
the value of the broadcom ordinary shares into which the partnership reus may be exchanged, or the cash amount to be paid by the partnership in lieu thereof, may be subject to significant fluctuations for many reasons.
consequently, due to these potential fluctuations in value of broadcom ordinary shares, at the time that the exchange right is exercised, the broadcom ordinary shares into which partnership reus may be exchanged, or the cash amount to be paid in lieu thereof, may have a value that differs from the value of broadcom ordinary shares as of the effective time of the broadcom merger. also see "at times, broadcom's share price has been volatile and it may fluctuate substantially in the future, which could result in substantial losses for our investors as well as class action litigation against us and our management which could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources." regarding fluctuations in the value of broadcom ordinary shares.
pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, broadcom, as general partner, and our limited partners are entitled to receive distributions from the partnership if and when broadcom pays dividends to holders of its ordinary shares. there can be no assurance that broadcom will declare cash dividends in the future in any particular amounts, or at all. also see "there can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends." regarding factors that may affect the timing and amount of dividends paid by broadcom.
the exempted limited partnership law, 2014 of the cayman islands, as amended and any successor to such statute, or the cayman islands limited partnerships act, provides a limited partner with the benefits of limited liability unless, in addition to exercising rights and powers as a limited partner, such limited partner takes part in the control or conduct of the business of the limited partnership (subject to certain qualifications and exceptions). subject to the provisions of the cayman islands
limited partnerships act and of similar legislation in other jurisdictions, the liability of each limited partner for the debts, liabilities and obligations of the partnership will be limited to the limited partner's capital contribution, plus the limited partner's share of any undistributed income of the partnership. however, pursuant to the cayman islands limited partnerships act, where a limited partner has received a payment representing the return of all or part of that limited partner's capital contribution or is released from any outstanding obligation in respect of his commitment and, at the time that payment was made or release effected, (i) the limited partnership is insolvent; and (ii) the limited partner had actual knowledge of the insolvency of the limited partnership, then for a period of six months, but not thereafter, such limited partner would be liable to the partnership or, where the partnership is dissolved, to its creditors, to repay such payment or perform the released obligation with interest to the extent that such contribution or part thereof is, necessary to discharge the liabilities of the partnership to all creditors who extended credit or whose claims otherwise arose before the return of the capital contribution.
the limitation of liability conferred under the cayman islands limited partnerships act may be ineffective outside the cayman islands except to the extent it is given extra-territorial recognition or effect by the laws of other jurisdictions. there may also be requirements to be satisfied in each jurisdiction to maintain limited liability. if limited liability is lost, limited partners may be considered to be general partners (and therefore be subject to unlimited liability) in such jurisdiction by creditors and others having claims against the partnership.
under certain circumstances, the voting rights of the partnership reus will be limited.
each holder of partnership reus has the benefit of a voting trust agreement dated february 1, 2016, among the partnership, broadcom and the voting trustee, or the voting trust agreement. pursuant to the terms of the voting trust agreement, the voting trustee holds non-economic voting preference shares of broadcom, or special voting shares, that entitle the voting trustee to a number of votes equal to the number of votes that would attach to the broadcom ordinary shares receivable upon the exchange of the partnership reus as of the record date of a broadcom shareholder meeting. holders of partnership reus are entitled to direct the voting trustee under the voting trust agreement to vote the number of special voting shares equal to the number of partnership reus held by such holder in substantially all votes that are presented to the holders of broadcom ordinary shares. however, in the event that, under applicable law, any matter requires the approval of the holder of record of a special voting share, voting separately as a class, the voting trust agreement restricts the ability of holders of partnership reus to exercise such voting rights.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption "risk factors" or in other parts of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview broadcom limited, or broadcom, is the successor to avago technologies limited, or avago, as a result of its acquisition of broadcom corporation, or brcm. we are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog iii-v based products. we have a history of innovation and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, mobile handsets and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. we have four reportable segments: wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage, and industrial & other, which align with our principal target markets.
broadcom cayman l.p., or the partnership, is an exempted limited partnership formed under the laws of the cayman islands. pursuant to the amended and restated exempted limited partnership agreement, or the partnership agreement, it authorized its common partnership units and restricted exchangeable limited partnership units, or partnership reus. the partnership reus are deemed to be registered under section 12(b) of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the exchange act, and the partnership is subject to the informational requirements of the exchange act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. broadcom, its general partner, has the exclusive right, power and authority to manage, control, administer and operate the business and affairs and to make decisions regarding the undertaking and business of the partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement, and applicable laws. there is no board of directors of the partnership.
original equipment manufacturers, or oems, or their contract manufacturers, and distributors typically account for the substantial majority of our sales. we have established strong relationships with leading oem customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large oems. we also distribute a substantial portion of our products through our broad distribution network, and a significant amount of these sales are to large global electronic components distributors, including avnet, inc.
the demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following:
•   general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets;
•   our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;
•   the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders;
•   the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, and the rate at which our customers' products that include our technology are accepted in their markets; and
•   the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of our products.
uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. for example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations.
•   our cash and cash equivalents were $11,204 million at october 29, 2017, compared with $3,097 million at october 30, 2016, which primarily included the net proceeds from the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes (defined below).
•   we generated $6,551 million of cash from operations during fiscal year 2017.
•   broadcom paid aggregate cash dividends on its ordinary shares of $1,653 million, and the partnership made aggregate distributions of $92 million on its partnership reus during fiscal year 2017.
•   on january 19, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of senior unsecured notes, or the january 2017 senior notes, in an aggregate principal amount of $13,550 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all of the outstanding term loans under our guaranteed, collateralized credit agreement entered into on february 1, 2016, or the 2016 credit agreement, in the aggregate amount of $13,555 million. in addition, on october 17, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of senior unsecured notes, or the october 2017 senior notes, in an aggregate principal amount of $4,000 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to finance the acquisition of brocade communication systems, inc., or brocade, as discussed in detail below.
recent developments u.s. 2017 tax reform act on december 20, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act, or the 2017 tax reform act, was approved by congress and is pending presidential approval. in general, the 2017 tax reform act reduces the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective in 2018. the 2017 tax reform act moves from worldwide business taxation to a participation exemption regime. the 2017 tax reform act also imposes base-erosion prevention measures on non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities, as well as a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities. the base-erosion prevention measures will have the effect of subjecting non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities to taxation in the united states at an effective rate that is expected to be substantially lower than 21%. the 2017 tax reform act will affect the tax position and cash taxes of our u.s. entities and will have a corresponding impact on our consolidated financial results starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018.
acquisition of brocade communications systems, inc.
on november 17, 2017, pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, by and among broadcom, brcm, brocade, and bobcat merger sub, inc., or merger sub, which brcm subsequently assigned to lsi corporation on december 18, 2016, merger sub merged with and into brocade with brocade as the surviving corporation, or the brocade merger. as a result, brocade stockholders who did not perfect their appraisal rights with respect to the brocade merger received, in aggregate, approximately $5.3 billion in cash in exchange for all shares of brocade common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the brocade merger. we also paid $701 million to retire brocade's term loan. in addition, we assumed certain vested (to the extent not in-the-money) and all unvested brocade stock options, restricted stock units, or rsus, and performance stock units, or psus, held by continuing employees and service providers. all vested in-the-money brocade stock options, after giving effect to any acceleration, and all other rsus and psus were cashed out upon the brocade merger. as a result of the brocade merger, brocade became an indirect subsidiary of the partnership.
we financed the brocade merger with the net proceeds from the october 2017 senior notes as discussed in further detail below under "indebtedness," as well as cash on hand.
divestiture of brocade's ip networking business following the brocade merger, on december 1, 2017, we sold brocade's ip networking business, including the ruckus wireless and icx switch businesses, to arris international plc for cash consideration of $800 million, plus unvested assumed employee stock awards.
proposed acquisition of qualcomm incorporated on november 6, 2017, we announced a proposal to acquire qualcomm incorporated, or qualcomm, for $70.00 per share, consisting of $60.00 in cash and $10.00 in broadcom ordinary shares. we stated that the proposal stands whether qualcomm's pending acquisition of nxp semiconductors n.v., or nxp, is consummated on the then-disclosed terms of $110.00 per nxp share or is terminated. including the assumption of net debt and giving effect to the pending nxp acquisition, the enterprise value of the proposed transaction is approximately $130 billion.
on november 13, 2017, qualcomm's board of directors rejected our proposal. in response, we announced that we remained fully committed to pursuing the acquisition of qualcomm and reiterated our proposal.
on december 4, 2017, we announced that we had provided notice to qualcomm of our intent to nominate 11 candidates for election to the qualcomm board of directors at qualcomm's 2018 annual meeting of stockholders.
on december 11, 2017, we filed preliminary proxy materials with the securities and exchange commission, or the sec, in connection with our planned solicitation of proxies to elect 11 independent, highly qualified nominees to the qualcomm
board of directors at qualcomm's 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, which qualcomm has announced will be held on march 6, 2018.
we also filed a premerger notification under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 with the u.s. department of justice and the federal trade commission regarding our proposed acquisition of qualcomm.
redomiciliation to the united states from singapore on november 2, 2017, we announced our intention to initiate a process to change the ultimate parent company of the broadcom group from a singapore company to a u.s. corporation. the final form and timing of the redomiciliation has not yet been finalized and may be affected by the implementation of the 2017 tax reform act. in addition, the redomiciliation is subject to the approval of our shareholders. we presently expect that our overall cash tax costs will approximately double, as compared to our fiscal year 2017 results, due to the redomiciliation and taking in account our initial estimates of the expected effects of the 2017 tax reform act.
acquisitions and divestitures the discussion and analysis in this section and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of acquired companies commencing on their respective acquisition dates.
broadcom corporation on february 1, 2016, broadcom became the successor to avago and acquired brcm, or the broadcom merger, in which, avago shareholders exchanged their shares on a one-for-one basis for newly issued broadcom ordinary shares and brcm shareholders received, in aggregate, approximately $16.8 billion in cash, 112 million broadcom ordinary shares and 23 million partnership reus in exchange for all shares of brcm common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the broadcom merger. in addition, we also paid $137 million in cash for vested brcm equity awards. broadcom also assumed unvested rsus originally granted by brcm and converted them into 6 million broadcom rsus.
the aggregate consideration for the broadcom merger was approximately $35.7 billion. we funded the cash portion of the broadcom merger with net proceeds from the issuance of $15.6 billion in term loans under the 2016 credit agreement, that we entered into at the time of closing of the broadcom merger, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies. the financial results provided in this annual report on form 10-k include the results of operations of brcm commencing as of february 1, 2016, or the acquisition date.
during fiscal year 2016, we completed the sales of certain non-core brcm businesses for aggregate cash proceeds of $830 million and recognized an aggregate gain of $36 million from the sales.
emulex corporation in fiscal year 2015, we acquired emulex corporation, or emulex, a leader in network connectivity, monitoring and management, for a purchase price of $587 million.
net revenue substantially all of our net revenue is derived from sales of semiconductor devices that are incorporated into electronic products, as well as from modules, switches and subsystems. our four reportable segments are wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. applications for our products in these segments include enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, mobile handsets and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays.
our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality, which are discussed in detail below under "seasonality".
we use distributors for a significant portion of our business and recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. we also sell products directly to oems and other end customers, many of which also purchase product from our distributors and who direct contract manufacturers to purchase product from us. historically, a relatively small number of customers has accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. sales to distributors accounted for 28% and 30% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. direct sales to foxconn technology group companies (including hon hai precision industries), together referred to as foxconn, accounted for 14% of our net
revenue for both fiscal years 2017 and 2016. we believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and more than 30% for fiscal year 2016. we believe aggregate sales to apple, inc., through all channels, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and approximately 15% for fiscal year 2016. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
from time to time, some of our key customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. this is particularly true in our wireless communications segment as fluctuations may be magnified by the launches of, and seasonal variations in, sales of mobile handsets, as well as changes in the overall economic environment.
in recent years, approximately 50% of our net revenue has come from sales to distributors, oems or contract manufacturers located in china. however, the end customers for our products, or for the end products into which our products are incorporated, are frequently located in countries other than china. as a result, we believe that a substantially smaller percentage of our net revenue is ultimately dependent on sales of either our product, or our customers' product incorporating our product, to end customers located in china.
costs and expenses total cost of products sold.  cost of products sold consists primarily of the cost of semiconductor wafers and other materials, and the cost of assembly and testing of those products. cost of products sold also includes: personnel costs and overhead related to our manufacturing operations, including share-based compensation expense, and related occupancy, computer services and equipment costs; manufacturing quality, order fulfillment, warranty and inventory adjustments, including write-downs for inventory obsolescence; energy costs; other manufacturing expenses and acquisition-related costs. acquisition-related costs include direct transaction costs and integration-related costs. total cost of products sold also includes the purchase accounting effect on inventory, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and restructuring charges.
although we outsource a significant portion of our manufacturing activities, we also have some proprietary semiconductor fabrication facilities. if we are unable to utilize our owned fabrication facilities at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.
research and development.  research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including share-based compensation expense. these expenses also include project material costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype development expense, allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses and computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process.
selling, general and administrative.  selling expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, costs of advertising, trade shows, corporate marketing, promotion, travel related to our sales and marketing operations, related occupancy and equipment costs, and other marketing costs. general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, finance, human resources and other administrative personnel, outside professional fees, allocated facilities costs, acquisition-related costs and other corporate expenses.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.  in connection with our acquisitions, we recognized intangible assets that are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 year to 25 years. we also recognized goodwill and in-process research and development, which are not amortized, in connection with acquisitions.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges. restructuring, impairment and disposal charges consist primarily of compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalizing product development program costs, in-process research and development impairment, fixed asset impairment, facility and lease abandonments and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements.
interest expense.  interest expense includes coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of the original issue discount and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our outstanding debt, expenses related to debt modification and ticking fees.
provision for income taxes.  we have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. for example, we have obtained several tax incentives from the singapore economic development board, an agency of the government of singapore, which provide that qualifying
income we earn in singapore is subject to tax holiday or reduced rates of singapore income tax. subject to our compliance with the conditions specified in these incentives and legislative developments, the singapore tax incentives are presently expected to expire at various dates generally between 2020 and 2021, subject in certain cases to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain. absent such tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate in singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. we also have tax holidays on our qualifying income in malaysia, which are scheduled to expire between 2018 and 2028. the tax incentives that we have negotiated are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. if we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits and we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the effect of all these tax incentives was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $237 million, $169 million and $207 million, respectively.
our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. in addition, taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. due to inconsistencies in application of the arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense.
on november 2, 2017, we announced our intention to initiate a process to change the ultimate parent company of the broadcom group from a singapore company to a u.s. corporation. we would expect our overall cash tax costs to approximately double, as compared to our fiscal year 2017 results, due to the redomiciliation and taking in account our initial estimates of the effects of the 2017 tax reform act.
going forward, our overall cash tax costs will vary based on a variety of factors in addition to the impact caused by the redomiciliation of our ultimate parent company from singapore to the u.s., including reorganizations or restructurings of our businesses or assets, overall profitability, the jurisdictional mix of income before income taxes and changes in tax regulations or policy, and discrete events, such as settlements of future audits and acquisitions we may make from time to time. our actual effective tax costs and overall effective rate may vary from our expectations and that variance may be material. in particular, we may owe significant taxes in jurisdictions outside our country of domicile during periods when we are profitable in those jurisdictions even though we may be experiencing low operating profit or operating losses on a consolidated basis, potentially resulting in significant tax liabilities on a consolidated basis during those periods. our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states, or gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. our actual financial results may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation, income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, share-based compensation and employee bonus programs. see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates.
revenue recognition.  we recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon delivery of product to the distributors. an allowance for distributor credits covering price adjustments is made based on our estimate of historical experience rates as well as considering economic conditions and contractual terms. to date, actual distributor claims activity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical estimates. however, because of the inherent nature of estimates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our estimates. different judgments or estimates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operating results. we also record reductions of revenue for rebates, in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. we accrue 100% of potential rebates at the time of sale and do not apply a breakage factor. we reverse the accrual of unclaimed rebate amounts as specific rebate programs contractually end and when we believe unclaimed rebates are no longer subject to payment and
will not be paid. thus the reversal of unclaimed rebates may have a positive impact on our net revenue and net income in subsequent periods.
business combinations. accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs to develop in-process research and development into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, and discount rates. the discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and adjusted to reflect inherent risks. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets.  we perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. to review for impairment we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. those factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below our net book value. after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit's net book value.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. the income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporting unit estimates for forecasted future financial performance including revenues, operating expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. these estimates are developed as part of our long-term planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, estimated costs based on historical data and various internal estimates. projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the estimated market weighted-average cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. the market approach is based on weighting financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. a reporting unit's carrying value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash and debt.
we assess the impairment of long-lived assets including purchased in-process research and development, assets, property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include (i) significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, or (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. in order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects about our business or the part of our business that the long-lived asset relates to, consider market factors specific to the business and estimate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived asset stated on our consolidated balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results.
inventory valuation.  we regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. a significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause us to understate or overstate both the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory and cost of products sold. therefore, although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations.
income taxes.  significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. we have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. if we determine, in the future, that a valuation allowance is required, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. conversely, if we determine, in the future, a valuation allowance exceeds our requirement, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would decrease tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in singapore and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to tax expense would be required. if the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the accrued liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.  retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs over the employees' average expected future service to us, based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of gaap. one critical assumption is the discount rate used to calculate the estimated costs. other important assumptions include the expected long-term return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rate, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the relevant measurement dates - october 29, 2017 and october 30, 2016, for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans, in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high-quality corporate bond yields. the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was based either on published rates for government bonds or use of a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high- quality corporate bond yields, depending on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality corporate bonds. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense.
we base our salary increase assumptions on historical experience and future expectations. in developing the expected rate of return, we consider long-term compound annualized returns based on historical market data, historical and expected returns on the various categories of plan assets, and the target investment portfolio allocation among debt, equity securities and other investments.
actuarial assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. material changes may occur in retirement benefit costs in the future if these assumptions differ from actual events or experience. we performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is the key assumption in calculating u.s. pension and post-retirement benefit obligations as of october 29, 2017. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have had an estimated $41 million impact on the benefit obligations as of october 29, 2017. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption and expected rate of return assumption would have an estimated change of $1 million and $4 million, respectively, on annual net retirement benefit costs for fiscal year 2018.
share-based compensation expense.  share-based compensation expense consists of expense for share options and rsus granted to employees and non-employees or assumed from acquisitions as well as expense associated with broadcom employee share purchase plan, or espp. we recognize compensation expense for time-based options and espp rights based on the estimated grant-date fair value method required under the authoritative guidance using the black-scholes valuation model.
certain equity awards include both time-based and market-based conditions and are accounted for as market-based awards. the fair value of these market-based awards is estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. assumptions utilized in the monte carlo simulation model follow the same methodology as our time-based option awards.
employee bonus programs. our employee bonus programs, which are overseen by our compensation committee or our board, in the case of our chief executive officer, provide for variable compensation based on the attainment of overall corporate annual targets and functional performance metrics. in the first fiscal quarter of the year, if management determines that it is probable that the targets and metrics will be achieved and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, a variable, proportional compensation accrual is recognized based on an assumed 100% achievement of the targets and metrics. the bonus payout levels can be greater if attainment of metrics and targets is greater than 100% and a portion of the payouts may not occur if a minimum floor of performance is not achieved. in subsequent quarters, we monitor and accrue for variable compensation expense based on our actual progress toward the achievement of the annual targets and metrics. the actual achievement of target metrics at the end of the fiscal year, which is subject to approval by our compensation committee, may result in the actual variable compensation amounts being significantly higher or lower than the relevant estimated amounts accrued in earlier quarters, which would result in a corresponding adjustment in the fourth fiscal quarter.
fiscal year presentation we operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to october 31 in a 52-week year and the first sunday in november in a 53-week year. each of fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of 52 weeks.
the financial statements included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with gaap and expressed in u.s. dollars.
results of operations fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
(in millions)                 (as a percentage of net revenue)
statements of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                           6,593                 5,295                 38                         40
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets           2,511                   763                 14                          6
total cost of products sold                                     9,127                 7,300                 52                         55
research and development                                        3,292                 2,674                 19                         20
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets           1,764                 1,873                 10                         14
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges                    161                   996                  1                          8
total operating expenses                                        6,126                 6,349                 35                         48
operating income (loss)                                        $2,383                 $(409     )           13        %                (3   )%
net revenue fiscal year ended net revenue by segment            october 29,            october 30,              $ change           % change
(as a percentage of net revenue)
our total net revenue increased primarily due to the full year contribution from acquired brcm products in fiscal year 2017 compared to only three quarters in fiscal year 2016, as well as due to strong organic year-over-year growth.
net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to the full year contribution from acquired brcm products, as well as strong organic year-over-year growth. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets, as well as the full year contribution from acquired brcm products. net revenue from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to strength in demand for our hard
gross margin gross margin increased by $2,569 million in fiscal year 2017. gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 48% in fiscal year 2017 from 45% for fiscal year 2016. these increases were primarily attributable to a $1,181 million reduction in acquisition purchase accounting effect on inventory, as well as a more favorable product mix, partially offset by a $1,748 million increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets resulting from the broadcom merger. the 33% increase in net revenue was the primary reason for the increase in gross margin dollars. we expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the brocade merger which closed on november 17, 2017, and any further acquisitions.
research and development expense research and development expense increased $618 million, or 23%, in fiscal year 2017. research and development expense remained relatively flat as a percentage of net revenue at 19% and 20% for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in research and development expense dollars for fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to a full year of expense resulting from the acquired brcm businesses and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by benefits from restructuring actions that we initiated following the broadcom merger. share-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to equity awards granted to employees from the acquired brcm businesses, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
selling, general and administrative expense selling, general and administrative expense decreased $19 million, or 2%, in fiscal year 2017. selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 4% and 6% for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expense dollars for fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in acquisition-related costs and benefits from restructuring actions that we initiated following the broadcom merger, partially offset by higher share-based compensation expense. share-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets recognized in operating expenses decreased $109 million, or 6%, in fiscal year 2017, due to a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired in the broadcom merger. we expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the brocade merger.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges restructuring, impairment and disposal charges included in operating expenses decreased $835 million, or 84%, in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a decrease in the impairment of in-process research and development projects. the decrease was also due to lower employee termination costs as the majority of restructuring activities resulting from the broadcom merger were undertaken in fiscal year 2016. we expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of the brocade merger.
litigation settlements during fiscal year 2017, we incurred $122 million of litigation charges associated with certain legal settlement agreements.
segment operating results fiscal year ended operating income (loss)                  october 29, 2017             october 30, 2016              $ change           % change
total operating income (loss)              $2,383                        $(409       )           $2,792              683      %
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to a full year of revenue contributions from acquired brcm products, as well as due to strong organic year-over-year growth, partially offset by a full year of research and development expense related to the acquired brcm businesses. operating income from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets, as well as the full year contribution from acquired brcm products. these increases were partially offset by a full year of research and development expense related to the acquired brcm businesses. operating income from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to strength in demand for our hdd products, as well as increased demand for our custom ssd controller, and server storage connectivity products. we expect contributions from the brocade san business to increase operating income in the enterprise storage segment in future periods. operating income for the wired infrastructure, wireless communications and enterprise storage segments also benefited from lower operating expenses following our restructuring actions. operating income from our industrial & other segment increased primarily due to an increase in revenue dollars from our optocoupler products and licensing of intellectual property, or ip, partially offset by an increase in legal expense.
unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, acquisition-related costs, charges for litigation settlement, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses decreased 1% in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to significant reductions in the purchase accounting effect on inventory and restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, partially offset by increases in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and charges for litigation settlement. additionally, share-based compensation was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to equity awards granted to employees from the acquired brcm businesses, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values. we expect the factors noted above to increase as a result of the brocade merger.
overall, operating income also benefited from reductions in operating expenses related to our restructuring actions following the broadcom merger.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense. interest expense was $454 million and $585 million for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. interest expense was higher in fiscal year 2016 due primarily to one-time debt-related expenses associated with the financing of the broadcom merger. we expect interest expense to increase in fiscal year 2018 due to the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes.
loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2017, we issued the january 2017 senior notes to refinance all of the term loans outstanding under the 2016 credit agreement. we terminated the 2016 credit agreement, and the revolving credit facility thereunder, in connection with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, the proceeds of which were used to finance the brocade merger. as a result, we wrote off $166 million of outstanding debt issuance costs, which were included in loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2016, we made prepayments on our term loan borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement and, as a result, recognized $123 million of losses on extinguishment of debt.
other income, net. other income net was $62 million and $10 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. other income, net for fiscal year 2017 primarily comprised a gain on disposal of assets and interest income.
provision for income taxes. our provisions for income taxes were $35 million and $642 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to an increase in profit before tax and a discrete expense of $76 million resulting from entity reorganizations, partially offset by the recognition of $273 million of excess tax benefits from share-based equity awards that vested or were exercised during fiscal year 2017 and, to a lesser extent, the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits primarily as a result of audit settlements.
the income tax provision for fiscal year 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in tax associated with our undistributed earnings, partially offset by income tax benefits from losses from continuing operations and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of audit settlements.
at the time we completed the broadcom merger, in connection with the allocation of the purchase price, we established a deferred tax liability associated with our potential tax liability arising from our planned integration of brcm's ip, which was completed in november 2016. prior to the adoption of the 2017 tax reform act, this tax liability will become payable as earnings resulting from this integration of ip are distributed over time. however, under the 2017 tax reform act, we will be required to recognize all of these earnings in our fiscal year 2018 as a deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, subject to a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax.
as a result of these events, the amount of our income taxes payable could vary materially and consume an increasing amount of our cash. in addition, our provision for income taxes in future periods is likely to change as a result of the impact of internal restructurings and reorganizations which could also affect our overall effective tax rate.
fiscal year ended statements of operations data:                                   october 30, 2016            november 1, 2015          october 30, 2016               november 1, 2015
(in millions)                         (as a percentage of net revenue)
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                               5,295                       2,750                     40                             41
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                 763                         484                      6                              7
total cost of products sold                                         7,300                       3,271                     55                             48
research and development                                            2,674                       1,049                     20                             15
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets               1,873                         249                     14                              4
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges                        996                         137                      8                              2
total operating expenses                                            6,349                       1,921                     48                             28
operating income (loss)                                             $(409       )              $1,632                     (3   )%                        24          %
net revenue fiscal year ended net revenue by segment             october 30, 2016             november 1, 2015              $ change           % change
(as a percentage of net revenue)
our overall net revenue increased in fiscal year 2016, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to the contributions from acquired brcm products since the acquisition date. as a result of the broadcom merger, our wired infrastructure segment constituted our largest segment.
net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to the contributions since the acquisition date from acquired brcm products included in this segment. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to revenue contributions of approximately $1.8 billion from sales of acquired brcm wireless connectivity and related products since the acquisition date, partially offset by a decrease in sales of approximately $525 million in sales of our radio frequency, or rf, components due to reduced demand from a key north american mobile handset customer. net revenue from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to the additional revenue resulting from a full year of contributions from the emulex business that we acquired in may 2015, as well as strength in demand for our hdd products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our server and storage connectivity products. net revenue from our industrial & other segment remained essentially flat compared to fiscal year 2015. our net revenue in fiscal year 2016 also included $450 million from development arrangements and sales and licensing of ip, compared to $313 million in fiscal year 2015, which primarily benefited our wired infrastructure and industrial & other segments.
gross margin gross margin was $5.9 billion for fiscal year 2016 compared to $3.6 billion for fiscal year 2015. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to contributions to our wired infrastructure and wireless communications segments from the brcm businesses acquired in february 2016. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 45% and 52% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the 7% decrease in gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was largely due to $1.2 billion of costs resulting from the step-up of inventory to fair value and the increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets associated with the broadcom merger.
research and development expense research and development expense increased $1.6 billion, or 155%, in fiscal year 2016. research and development expense as a percentage of net revenue was 20% and 15% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the overall increase in research and development expense dollars and as a percentage of net revenue for fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to the acquisition of brcm. share-based compensation included in research and development expense increased due to rsus assumed in connection with, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
selling, general and administrative expense selling, general and administrative expense increased $320 million, or 66%, in fiscal year 2016. selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 6% and 7% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the overall increase in selling, general and administrative expense dollars for fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the acquired brcm businesses and the acquisition-related costs. the decrease as a percentage of revenue was due to the realization of synergies resulting from the integration of brcm. share-based compensation included in selling, general and administrative expense increased due to rsus assumed in connection with, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets total amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was $2.6 billion for fiscal year 2016, compared to $733 million for fiscal year 2015. the increase in amortization expense in fiscal year 2016 was primarily attributable to an increase in amortizable intangible assets resulting from the broadcom merger.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, recognized primarily in operating expenses, were $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2016 compared to $144 million in fiscal year 2015. the increase was due primarily to the broadcom merger, including impairment charges of $417 million for termination of in-process research and development projects and $173 million for property, plant and equipment. restructuring charges were due primarily to employee termination costs of approximately $418 million, and lease termination and other exit costs of $29 million, primarily resulting from the broadcom merger.
segment operating results fiscal year ended operating income (loss)                  october 30, 2016             november 1, 2015              $ change           % change
total operating income (loss)               $(409       )               $1,632                  $(2,041    )        (125   )%
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to contributions from the acquired brcm wired products. operating income from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to contributions from the acquired brcm wireless connectivity products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our rf components from a key north american mobile handset customer. operating income from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to a full year of contributions from the emulex business that we acquired in may 2015, as well as strength in demand for our hdd products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our server and storage connectivity products. operating income from our industrial & other segment was flat.
unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, acquisition-related costs, including charges related to the step-up of acquired inventory to fair value, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses increased 368% in fiscal year 2016, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to increases in charges related to the step-up of inventory to fair value, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, and costs incurred in connection with the broadcom merger. additionally, share-based compensation increased due to rsus assumed in, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense. interest expense was $585 million and $191 million for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in interest expense in fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to interest on higher outstanding debt balances and expenses related to debt modification and ticking fees, in each case associated with the term loan indebtedness we incurred to finance the broadcom merger.
loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2016, in connection with the closing of the broadcom merger, we repaid in full our term loan borrowings under a collateralized credit agreement with lenders named therein entered into in fiscal year 2014, or the 2014 credit agreement. we subsequently repaid our €900 million term b-1 euro loan (defined below) partially funded by the sale of certain acquired brcm assets that were held for sale. we also repaid our $500 million term b-2 loan (defined below), partially funded with $325 million of additional term a loan (defined below) borrowings. these payments and the august 2016 amendments to the 2016 credit agreement resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $123 million for fiscal year 2016. in fiscal year 2015, we made a $593 million principal prepayment on term loan borrowings under the 2014 credit agreement and settled the 2.0% convertible senior notes due 2021, which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $10 million for fiscal year 2015.
in connection with the completion of the broadcom merger, three broadcom subsidiaries entered into the 2016 credit agreement, which originally provided for a term a loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $4.4 billion, or the term a loan, a term b-1 dollar loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $9.8 billion, or the term b-1 loan, a term b-1 euro loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of €900 million, equivalent to $978 million as of february 1, 2016, or the term b-1 euro loan, a term b-2 loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $500 million, or the term b-2 loan, and together
with the term a loan, term b-1 loan, and term b-1 euro loan. the 2016 credit agreement also provides for a revolving credit facility, or the 2016 revolving credit facility, that permits us to borrow from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million for working capital and other corporate purposes, including swingline loans of up to $150 million in the aggregate and for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $100 million in the aggregate, which, in the case of swingline loans and letters of credit, reduce the available borrowing capacity under the 2016 revolving credit facility on a dollar for dollar basis.
provision for income taxes. for fiscal year 2016, we had a provision for income taxes of $642 million compared to $76 million for fiscal year 2015. the income tax provision for fiscal year 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in tax associated with our undistributed earnings, partially offset by income tax benefits from losses from continuing operations and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of audit settlements.
during fiscal year 2016, we determined that we no longer intend to indefinitely reinvest our accumulated and current foreign earnings in our operations outside of singapore. as a result, we made a provision for taxes on $1.9 billion of our undistributed earnings as of november 1, 2015, including projected withholding taxes that would become payable upon the distribution of those earnings, and recognized $93 million of expense in fiscal year 2016 related to the undistributed earnings of foreign operations that were previously considered indefinitely reinvested.
at the time we completed the broadcom merger, in connection with the preliminary allocation of the purchase price, we established a deferred tax liability that was associated with our potential tax liability arising from our planned integration of brcm's ip, which was completed in november 2016. this tax liability will become payable as earnings resulting from this integration of ip are distributed over time.
seasonality historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half, primarily due to seasonality in our wireless communications segment. this segment has historically experienced seasonality due to launches of new mobile handsets manufactured by our oem customers. however, from time to time, typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of significant product transitions and launches by large oems, particularly in the wireless communications segment. we have a diversified business portfolio and our wired infrastructure segment represents the largest portion of our net revenue. we believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of the diversification of our business portfolio.
liquidity and capital resources the following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our principal liquidity requirements and sources and uses of cash. our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. we believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
our primary sources of liquidity as of october 29, 2017 consisted of: (i) $11,204 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included $3,980 million of net proceeds from the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, all of which was used to fund the brocade merger on november 17, 2017, and (ii) cash we expect to generate from operations. in addition, we may also generate cash from the sale of assets from time to time.
during fiscal year 2017, we completed the issuances and sales of the january 2017 senior notes and october 2017 senior notes, collectively, the senior notes, in aggregate principal amounts of $13,550 million and $4,000 million, respectively.
during fiscal year 2017, we also entered into a trade accounts receivable factoring facility with a third-party financial institution to sell certain of our trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis for amounts of up to $100 million from time to time. total trade accounts receivable sold under the factoring agreement were $178 million during fiscal year 2017.
our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) interim cash dividend payments by broadcom (if and when declared by the board), (v) cash distributions by the partnership (if and when declared by the partnership's general partner), (vi) interest and principal payments related to outstanding indebtedness, (vii) payment of income taxes, including taxes resulting from intercompany transfers of ip, and (viii) funding employee benefit plan obligations. our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 were higher than fiscal year 2016, due primarily to expenditures for construction at our irvine and san jose campuses, purchases of test manufacturing equipment and spending on equipment to support various research and development projects. we expect capital expenditures to be somewhat lower in fiscal year 2018 as compared to fiscal year 2017.
our liquidity needs also increased as a result of completing the brocade merger. we financed $4,000 million of the purchase consideration with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes. we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations will provide sufficient liquidity, after giving effect to the brocade merger, to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months, excluding the impact of any future mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activity.
from time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. any such transaction, or evaluation of potential transactions, could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transactions. we could also reduce certain expenditures such as payment of our cash dividend. if we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. in such circumstances we may also seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. however, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. our ability to service the senior notes and any other indebtedness we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.
•   $17,426 million of proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes,
•   $6,551 million in net cash provided by operating activities,
•   $441 million of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment,
•   $257 million from the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercises of share options and purchase rights under broadcom's employee share purchase plan, and
•   $200 million of proceeds from maturities of investments.
the increase was partially offset by the following:
•   $13,668 million for the repayment of our term loan borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement,
•   $1,745 million of dividend payments by broadcom and cash distributions by the partnership,
•   $1,069 million in capital expenditures, and
•   $207 million for the purchases of investments.
net cash provided by operating activities                    $6,551                      $3,411                      $2,318
operating activities cash provided by operating activities represents net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. the $3,140 million increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was due to the impact of net income and adjustments to net income for non-cash items, partially offset by changes in assets and liabilities. the adjustments to net income for non-cash items were higher, compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization, increased share-based compensation, and an increase in the non-cash portion of the debt extinguishment loss, partially offset by a decrease in non-cash restructuring, impairment and disposal charges and a decrease in deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes.
the $1,093 million increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was due to the adjustments to net loss for non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities, partially offset by the impact of a net loss during fiscal year 2016. the adjustments to net loss for non-cash items were higher, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, non-cash restructuring, impairment and disposal charges and deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes.
investing activities cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of cash used for capital expenditures, acquisitions, and investments, partially offset by proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, divestitures and maturities of investments. the $9,166 million change in investing cash flows for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to $10,055 million paid primarily for the broadcom merger in fiscal year 2016 and cash receipts of $441 million from the sale of our irvine campus in fiscal year 2017, offset in part by a decrease in proceeds from the sales of businesses and an increase in capital expenditures and investments.
the $9,599 million change in investing cash flows for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to $10,055 million paid primarily for the broadcom merger and an increase in capital expenditures and investments, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the sales of businesses and an increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments.
financing activities broadcom cash provided by (used in) financing activities consisted primarily of net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt, payment of assumed debt, dividend payments by broadcom, cash distributions by the partnership, proceeds received from the issuances of ordinary shares pursuant to our employee equity incentive plans and payments of debt issuance costs. the $5,474 million decrease in financing cash flows for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due a decrease in net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt and an increase in dividend and distribution payments, offset in part by the repayment of assumed debt in fiscal year 2016.
the $9,563 million increase in financing cash flows for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to an increase in net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt, partially offset by an increase in dividend and distribution payments.
the partnership cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the partnership is materially the same as for broadcom discussed above. the differences are due to capital transactions with the general partner, which result from capital contributions and distributions between broadcom and the partnership.
indebtedness see note 8. "borrowings" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.
senior notes on january 19, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of the january 2017 senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $13,550 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all of the outstanding term loans under the 2016 credit agreement in the aggregate amount of $13,555 million.
on october 17, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of the october 2017 senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $4,000 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to finance the brocade merger, which closed on november 17, 2017. in connection with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, we terminated the commitments and satisfied all outstanding obligations under the 2016 credit agreement.
as a result, during fiscal year 2017, we wrote-off $166 million of debt issuance costs, which were included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations.
operating lease obligations               745                     119                     126         79                    421
capital lease obligations                  21                      21                       -             -                     -
debt principal and interest. represents principal and interest on borrowings under the senior notes and outstanding senior unsecured notes that we assumed as a result of the broadcom merger, or the assumed senior notes.
purchase commitments. represents unconditional purchase obligations that include agreements to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. cancellation for outstanding purchase orders for capital expenditures in connection with the internal fabrication facility expansion and construction of our new campuses is generally allowed but requires payment of all costs incurred through the date of cancellation and, therefore, cancelable purchase orders for these capital expenditures are included in the table above.
other contractual commitments. represents amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to it, human resources, financial infrastructure outsourcing services and other service agreements.
operating lease obligations. represents real property and equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable operating leases.
capital lease obligations. represents equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable capital leases.
pension plan contributions. represents our planned minimum contributions to our pension plans. although additional future contributions will be required, the amount and timing of these contributions will be affected by actuarial assumptions, the actual rate of returns on plan assets, the level of market interest rates, legislative changes and the amount of voluntary contributions to the plans. the amount shown in the table represents our planned contributions to our pension plans within a year. because any contributions for fiscal year 2019 and later will depend on the value of the plan assets in the future and thus are uncertain, we have not included any amounts for fiscal year 2019 and beyond in the above table.
due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at october 29, 2017, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. therefore, $1,011 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest classified within other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of october 29, 2017 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at october 29, 2017 as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k under the exchange act.
indemnifications see note 14. "commitments and contingencies" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
accounting changes and recent accounting standards for a description of accounting changes and recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, in our consolidated financial statements, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.