if these initiatives fail or are not executed on effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected. for example, efforts to reduce operating expenses while maintaining the necessary resources and talent pool are important and, if not managed effectively, could have long-term effects on our business by negatively impacting our ability to drive improvements in the quality of our products and services. for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mind-set along with a focus on individual customers. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, the current competitive, economic and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. we will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk specifically, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly.
in addition, factors such as business consolidations and strategic alliances will likely continue to create pressure to contain or otherwise restrict price increases for products and services, despite increasing medical costs. continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of health care providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers, new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, and the ability of larger employers to contract directly with providers may impact how we compete and the way we price our products. technological advancements, such as those that allow customers and providers to access medical information remotely and telemedicine, may also affect how we compete and price our products. our product margins and growth depend, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, increase customers as planned, and avoid losing accounts with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing our customer base in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience.
continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of health care providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers and new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly