if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
•   our ability to remain organizationally effective;
liquidity we are subject to the u.s. liquidity coverage ratio rule issued by federal banking regulators. this quantitative requirement is designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the rule requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. given our current asset size, we are subject to a modified liquidity coverage ratio requirement which requires a lower level of high-quality liquid assets to meet the minimum ratio requirement due to adjustments to the net cash outflow amount. under the rule's transition period, we were required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 100% in 2017. as of december 31, 2017, our liquidity coverage ratio was in excess of the applicable regulatory requirement. pursuant to the final rule issued by the federal reserve, we will be required to publish quarterly public disclosures regarding our liquidity risk profile and components of our liquidity coverage ratio beginning the fourth quarter of 2018.