item 1a.    risk factors the risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the united states and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. adverse changes in such conditions in the united states and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. higher inflation rates, interest rates, tax rates and unemployment rates, higher labor and healthcare costs, recessions, changing governmental policies, laws and regulations, and other economic factors could also adversely affect demand for some of our products and our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition and that of our customers, vendors, and suppliers.
a weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery in the united states and other countries and regions in which we do business, or the continuation or worsening of economic downturns in other countries and regions, may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
global economic uncertainty continues to exist. a weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery in the united states and other countries and regions in which we do business, or the continuation or worsening of economic downturns in other countries and regions, may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, and our investments, which may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain necessary financing. a continuation or worsening of these conditions
could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. if any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, which could adversely affect our ability to fund seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes, our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely impacted.
although we currently have available credit facilities to fund our current operating needs, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace our existing credit facilities or refinance our existing or future debt when necessary. our cost of borrowing and ability to access the capital markets are affected not only by market conditions, but also by our debt and credit ratings assigned by the major credit rating agencies. downgrades in these ratings will increase our cost of borrowing and could have an adverse effect on our access to the capital markets, including our access to the commercial paper market. an inability to access the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we have goodwill and intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet. we periodically evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such value may not be recoverable. an impairment assessment involves judgment as to assumptions regarding future sales and cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. future events and changing market conditions may impact our assumptions and may result in changes in our estimates of future sales and cash flows that may result in us incurring substantial impairment charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we hold investments in equity and debt securities in some of our defined benefit pension plans. a decrease in the value of plan assets resulting from a general financial downturn may cause a negative pension plan investment performance, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
protracted duration of economic downturns in cyclical segments of the economy may depress the demand for some of our products and adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
portions of our business involve the sale of paint, coatings and related products to segments of the economy that are cyclical in nature, particularly segments relating to construction, housing, manufacturing and oil production, refining, storage and transportation. our sales to these segments are affected by the levels of discretionary consumer and business spending in these segments. during economic downturns in these segments, the levels of consumer and business discretionary spending may decrease, and the recovery of these segments may lag behind the recovery of the overall economy. this decrease in spending will likely reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
in recent months, interest rates, including mortgage rates, have risen and are expected to continue to rise in 2018. although interest rates remain low by historical standards, this increase may adversely affect the demand for new residential homes, existing home turnover, and new non-residential construction. challenging market conditions are expected to continue for the foreseeable future and may worsen. a worsening in these segments will reduce the demand for some of our products and may adversely impact sales, earnings and cash flow.
in the u.s. construction and housing segments, the recent demand for new construction has caused contractors to experience a shortage of skilled workers, resulting in project backlogs and an adverse effect on the rate of growth of demand for our products. while we expect to see higher demand for our products as project backlogs are reduced in the future, this labor shortage may adversely impact our sales, earnings, cash flow or financial condition.
increases in the cost of raw materials and energy may adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
we purchase raw materials (including titanium dioxide and petrochemical feedstock sources, such as propylene and ethylene) and energy for use in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. factors such as adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, and other disasters can disrupt raw material and fuel supplies and increase our costs. although raw materials and energy supplies (including oil and natural gas) are generally available from various sources in sufficient quantities, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of raw materials and energy, or any deterioration in our relationships with or the financial viability of our suppliers, may have an adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow in the event we are unable to offset higher costs in a timely manner by sufficiently decreasing our operating costs or raising the prices of our products. recently, some raw material and energy prices have increased, particularly titanium dioxide and petrochemical feedstock sources, such as propylene and ethylene. the cost of raw materials and energy has in the past experienced, and likely will in the future continue to experience, periods of volatility.
although we have an extensive customer base, the loss of any of our largest customers could adversely affect our sales, earnings or cash flow.
we have a large and varied customer base due to our extensive distribution network. during 2017, no individual customer accounted for sales totaling more than ten percent of our sales. however, we have some customers that, individually, purchase a large amount of products from us. although our broad distribution channels help to minimize the impact of the loss of any one customer, the loss of any of these large customers could have an adverse effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
increased competition may reduce our sales, earnings or cash flow performance.
we face substantial competition from many international, national, regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution and sale of our paint, coatings and related products. some of our competitors are larger than us and have greater financial resources to compete. other competitors are smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service and price are the key competitive factors for our business. competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and selling our products.
we may not realize the growth opportunities and cost synergies that are anticipated from the acquisition of valspar.
the benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition of valspar will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies as a result of the acquisition. our success in realizing these growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of valspar. there is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition as sizable as valspar. the process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our activities. members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers, and develop new products or strategies. if senior management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. there can be no assurance that we will successfully or cost-effectively integrate valspar. the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
even if we are able to integrate valspar successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the growth opportunities and cost synergies that we currently expect from this integration, and we cannot guarantee that these benefits will be achieved within anticipated time frames or at all. for example, we may not be able to eliminate all duplicative costs. moreover, we may incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration of valspar. while it is anticipated that certain expenses will be incurred to achieve cost synergies, such expenses are difficult to estimate accurately, and may exceed current estimates. accordingly, the benefits from the acquisition may be offset by costs incurred to, or delays in, integrating the businesses.
we incurred a substantial amount of debt to complete the acquisition of valspar. to service our debt, we will require a significant amount of cash. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. we also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. if we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness.
at december 31, 2017, we had total debt of approximately $10.5 billion, which is an increase of $8.6 billion since december 31, 2016, including indebtedness incurred to complete the acquisition of valspar. we have the ability under our existing credit facilities to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. our ability to make payments on our debt, fund our other liquidity needs, and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. we cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures.
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions;
•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business; or
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.
additionally, any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material adverse effect on us.
a significant portion of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow for our needs is dependent to some extent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. our subsidiaries have no obligation to pay any amounts due on our debt or to provide us with funds to meet our cash flow needs, whether in the form of dividends, distributions, loans or other payments. in addition, any payment of dividends, loans or advances by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. payments to us by our subsidiaries will also be contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. our right to receive any assets of any of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. in addition, even if we are a creditor of any of our subsidiaries, our rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of our subsidiaries and any indebtedness of our subsidiaries senior to that held by us. finally, changes in the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely affect the ability of some of our foreign subsidiaries to repatriate funds to us.
our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations.
we have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. the success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. in the event that we do not successfully integrate such future acquisitions into our existing operations so as to realize the expected return on our investment, our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition could be adversely affected.
risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in asia, europe, south america and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
net external sales of our consolidated foreign subsidiaries totaled approximately 19.8%, 14.5% and 15.8% of our total consolidated net sales in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. sales outside of the united states make up a significant part of our current business and future strategic plans. our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely affected by a variety of international factors, including general economic conditions, inflation rates, recessions, foreign currency exchange rates, foreign currency exchange controls, interest rates, foreign investment and repatriation restrictions, legal and regulatory constraints, civil unrest, difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations and other external economic and political factors. our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
in many foreign countries, it is acceptable to engage in certain business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in because of regulations that are applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act. although we have internal control policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these regulations, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will prevent a violation of these regulations. any violation could cause an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
because of our international operations, we are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, which may adversely affect our business. historically, our reported net sales, earnings, cash flow and financial condition have been subjected to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. our primary exchange rate exposure is with the euro, the chinese yuan, the brazilian real, the canadian dollar, the british pound, the mexican peso and the australian dollar, each against the u.s. dollar. while we actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy, we believe we may experience losses from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, and such losses could adversely affect our sales, earnings, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
we are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, u.s. and foreign export and trading laws, data privacy and security laws, and laws governing improper business practices. we are affected by new laws and regulations, and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. from time to time, our company, our operations and the industries in which we operate are being reviewed or investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages.
although we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to mitigate these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that compliance risks will continue to exist. investigations, examinations and other proceedings, the nature and outcome of which cannot be predicted, will likely arise from time to time. these investigations, examinations and other proceedings could subject us to significant liability and require us to take significant accruals or pay significant settlements, fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are subject to tax laws and regulations in the united states and multiple foreign jurisdictions. we are affected by changes in tax laws and regulations, as well as changes in related interpretations and other tax guidance. in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to examinations and investigations by various tax authorities. in addition to existing examinations and investigations, there could be additional examinations and investigations in the future, and existing examinations and investigations could be expanded.
on december 22, 2017, u.s. tax reform legislation known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act") was signed into law. the tax act makes substantial changes to u.s. tax law, including a reduction in the corporate tax rate, a limitation on deductibility of interest expense, a limitation on the use of net operating losses to offset future taxable income, the allowance of immediate expensing of capital expenditures, deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and significant changes to the taxation of foreign earnings going forward. the tax act contains numerous, complex provisions impacting u.s. multinational companies, and we continue to review and assess the legislative language and its potential impact on us. the full extent of the impact remains uncertain at this time, and our current interpretations of, and assumptions regarding, the tax act are subject to additional regulatory or administrative developments, including any regulations or other guidance promulgated by the u.s. internal revenue service. as a result, the tax act, including any regulations or other guidance promulgated by the u.s. internal revenue service, and other tax laws could have significant effects on us, some of which may be adverse and could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for non-income tax risks, we estimate material loss contingencies and accrue for such loss contingencies as required by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles based on our assessment of contingencies where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable in light of the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency. in the event the loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred and cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid. for income tax risks, we recognize tax benefits based on our assessment that a tax benefit has a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant facts. for those income tax positions where we assess that there is not a greater than 50% likelihood that such tax benefits will be sustained, we do not recognize a tax benefit in our financial statements. subsequent events may cause us to change our assessment of the likelihood of sustaining a previously-recognized benefit which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow or financial position for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued or paid.
we discuss risks and uncertainties with regard to taxes in more detail in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements on pages 70 through 72 of our 2017 annual report.
adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow.
our business is seasonal in nature, with the second and third quarters typically generating a higher proportion of sales and earnings than other quarters. from time to time, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters have had an adverse effect on our sales of paint, coatings and related products. for example, during 2017 the impact of hurricanes harvey, irma and maria on our operations in texas, florida, the caribbean and neighboring areas, as well as two earthquakes in mexico, resulted in a
temporary shutdown of our company-operated paint stores, manufacturing facilities and distribution centers in the affected regions, resulting in reduced revenues. in addition, unusually cold and rainy weather could have an adverse effect on sales of our exterior paint products. an adverse effect on sales may cause a reduction in our earnings or cash flow.
inability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, trade names and know-how that are valuable to our business. despite our efforts to protect such intellectual property and other proprietary information from unauthorized use or disclosure, third parties may attempt to disclose, obtain or use our trademarks or such other intellectual property and information without our authorization. although we rely on the patent, trademark, trade secret and copyright laws of the united states and other countries to protect our intellectual property rights, the laws of some countries may not protect such rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties, the failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect our intellectual property rights, or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could have an adverse effect on our business.
unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information, whether through a breach of our computer systems, including cyber attacks, or otherwise, could severely harm our business.
as part of our business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential personal information about our customers, employees and suppliers. despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information, whether by us or by the retailers, dealers, licensees and other third party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. as cyber security threats evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent in numerous industries worldwide, we continue to increase our sensitivity and attention to these threats and seek additional investments and resources to address these threats and enhance the security of our facilities and systems. the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs.
we are required to comply with numerous complex and increasingly stringent domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, the cost of which is likely to increase and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety and environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations not only govern our current operations and products, but also impose potential liability on us for our past operations. we expect health, safety and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future. our costs to comply with these laws and regulations may increase as these requirements become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, as well as a number of third-party sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued.
we are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites and a number of third-party sites. we accrue for estimated costs of investigation and remediation activities at these sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. these estimated costs are based on currently available facts regarding each site. we continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated. due to the uncertainties surrounding environmental investigation and remediation activities, our liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued and may have an adverse effect on our earnings. we discuss these risks and uncertainties in more detail on page 23 of our 2017 annual report under the caption "environmental matters," page 27 of our 2017 annual report under the caption "environmental-related liabilities" and in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements on pages 62 through 63 of our 2017 annual report.
the nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation, such as litigation arising from the historical manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paint, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition.
in the course of our business, we are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits, including, but not limited to, litigation relating to product liability and warranty, personal injury, environmental, intellectual property, commercial, contractual and antitrust claims that are inherently subject to many uncertainties regarding the possibility of a loss to us. these uncertainties will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur confirming the incurrence of a liability or the reduction of a liability. in accordance with the contingencies topic of the asc, we accrue for these contingencies by a charge to income when it is both probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in the event that a loss contingency is ultimately determined to be significantly higher than currently accrued, the recording of the additional liability may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such additional liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded because it is not probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of any such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, any potential liability ultimately determined to be attributable to us may result in a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. in those cases where no accrual is recorded or exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued, the contingencies topic of the asc requires disclosure of the contingency when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or additional loss may have been incurred.
our past operations included the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. along with other companies, we are and have been a defendant in a number of legal proceedings, including individual personal injury actions, purported class actions and actions brought by various counties, cities, school districts and other government-related entities, arising from the manufacture and sale of lead pigments and lead-based paints. the plaintiffs' claims have been based upon various legal theories, including negligence, strict liability, breach of warranty, negligent misrepresentations and omissions, fraudulent misrepresentations and omissions, concert of action, civil conspiracy, violations of unfair trade practice and consumer protection laws, enterprise liability, market share liability, public nuisance, unjust enrichment and other theories. the plaintiffs seek various damages and relief, including personal injury and property damage, costs relating to the detection and abatement of lead-based paint from buildings, costs associated with a public education campaign, medical monitoring costs and others. we have also been a defendant in legal proceedings arising from the manufacture and sale of non-lead-based paints that seek recovery based upon various legal theories, including the failure to adequately warn of potential exposure to lead during surface preparation when using non-lead-based paint on surfaces previously painted with lead-based paint. we believe that the litigation brought to date is without merit or subject to meritorious defenses and are vigorously defending such litigation. we have not settled any material lead pigment or lead-based paint litigation. we expect that additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against us in the future asserting similar or different legal theories and seeking similar or different types of damages and relief.
notwithstanding our views on the merits, litigation is inherently subject to many uncertainties, and we ultimately may not prevail. adverse court rulings, such as the court's decision in the santa clara county, california proceeding, the jury verdict against us and other defendants in the state of rhode island action and the wisconsin state supreme court's determination that wisconsin's risk contribution theory may apply in the lead pigment litigation, or determinations of liability, among other factors, could affect the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation against us and encourage an increase in the number and nature of future claims and proceedings. in addition, from time to time, various legislation and administrative regulations have been enacted, promulgated or proposed to impose obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigments and lead-based paints respecting asserted health concerns associated with such products or to overturn the effect of court decisions in which we and other manufacturers have been successful.
due to the uncertainties involved, management is unable to predict the outcome of the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, the number or nature of possible future claims and proceedings, or the effect that any legislation and/or administrative regulations may have on the litigation or against us. in addition, management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation, or resulting from any such legislation and regulations. we have not accrued any amounts for such litigation. with respect to such litigation, including the public nuisance litigation, the company does not believe that it is probable that a loss has occurred, and it is not possible to estimate the range of potential losses as there is no prior history of a loss of this nature and there is no substantive information upon which an estimate could be based. in addition, any potential liability that may result from any changes to legislation and regulations cannot reasonably be estimated. in the event any significant liability is determined to be attributable to us relating to such litigation, the recording of the liability may result in a material impact on net income for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued. additionally, due to the uncertainties associated with the amount of any such liability and/or the nature of any other remedy which may be imposed in such litigation, any potential liability determined to be attributable to us arising out of such litigation may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial
condition. an estimate of the potential impact on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition cannot be made due to the aforementioned uncertainties.
a trial commenced in the santa clara county, california proceeding on july 15, 2013 and ended on august 22, 2013. the court entered final judgment on january 27, 2014, finding in favor of the plaintiffs and against the company and two other defendants (conagra grocery products company and nl industries, inc.). the final judgment held the company jointly and severally liable with the other two defendants to pay $1.15 billion into a fund to abate the public nuisance. the company strongly disagrees with the judgment. on february 18, 2014, the company filed a motion for a new trial and a motion to vacate the judgment. the court denied these motions on march 24, 2014. on march 28, 2014, the company filed a notice of appeal to the sixth district court of appeal for the state of california. the filing of the notice of appeal effects an automatic stay of the judgment without the requirement to post a bond. oral argument before the sixth district court of appeal was held on august 24, 2017. on november 14, 2017, the sixth district court of appeal entered its decision, which affirmed the trial court's judgment of liability with respect to residences built before 1951 and reversed and vacated the trial court's judgment with respect to residences built after 1950. the sixth district court of appeal directed the trial court to: (i) recalculate the amount of the abatement fund to limit the fund to the amount necessary to cover the cost of inspecting and remediating pre-1951 residences; and (ii) hold an evidentiary hearing to appoint a suitable receiver. on november 29, 2017, the company and the two other defendants filed separate petitions for rehearing, which the sixth district court of appeal denied on december 6, 2017. the sixth district court of appeal's decision became final on december 14, 2017. on december 22, 2017, the company and the two other defendants submitted separate petitions for review to the california supreme court. on february 14, 2018, the california supreme court issued an order denying the petitions for review. the company believes that the judgment conflicts with established principles of law and is unsupported by the evidence. the company intends to file a petition for writ of certiorari with the supreme court of the united states seeking discretionary review. the company also intends to file a motion to stay the santa clara county, california proceeding while the petition for writ of certiorari is pending.
although the company believes it is probable that a loss has occurred, the company has concluded that it is not possible to reasonably estimate the range of potential loss due to the numerous possible outcomes and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, (i) the final amount of the abatement fund necessary to cover the cost of inspecting and remediating pre-1951 residences, as recalculated by the trial court, and (ii) the portion of the abatement fund for which the company, the two other defendants and others are determined to be responsible. if the company concludes that it is possible to reasonably estimate the range of potential loss once more definitive information becomes available, the company will recognize the loss and disclose such information. because of joint and several liability, it is possible the company could ultimately be liable for the total amount of the abatement fund. in the event any significant liability is determined to be attributable to the company relating to such litigation, the recording of any liability may result in a material impact on the company's results of operations, liquidity or financial condition for the annual or interim period during which such liability is accrued.
we discuss the risks and uncertainties related to litigation, including the lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation, in more detail in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements on pages 63 through 66 of our 2017 annual report.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information required by this item is set forth on pages 19 through 34 of our 2017 annual report under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which is incorporated herein by reference.