because we do not control the partially owned entities, we may have limited flexibility to control the operation of or cash distributions received from these entities. the partially owned entities' organizational documents generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis; however, in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves appropriate for operating the businesses. as of december 31, 2017, our investments in the partially owned entities accounted for approximately 7 percent of our total consolidated assets. conflicts of interest may arise in the future between us, on the one hand, and our partially owned entities, on the other hand, with regard to our partially owned entities' governance, business, or operations. if a conflict of interest arises between us and a partially owned entity, other owners may control the partially owned entity's actions with respect to such matter (subject to certain limitations), which could be detrimental to our business. any future disagreements with the other co-owners of these assets could adversely affect our ability to respond to changing economic or industry conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
selling, general, and administrative expenses (sg&a) decreased primarily due to the absence of certain project development costs associated with the canadian pdh facility that were expensed in 2016, lower labor-related costs resulting from our workforce reductions that occurred late in first-quarter 2016, ongoing cost containment efforts, lower strategic development costs, and the absence of costs associated with our former canadian and gulf coast operations. these decreases were partially offset by higher severance and organizational realignment costs in 2017 (see note 6 - other income and expenses of notes to consolidated financial statements) and a settlement charge from a pension early payout program.
•   $37 million increase for severance and related costs associated with workforce reductions incurred in the first quarter of 2016 and the organizational realignment in the fourth quarter of 2016;
distributions from equity-method investees the organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method investment generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. in each case, available cash is reduced, in part, by reserves appropriate for operating their respective businesses. (see note 5 - investing activities of notes to consolidated financial statements for our more significant equity-method investees.)