item 1a.   risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally.
strategic risks general or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance.
general economic conditions and other economic factors, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. higher interest rates, lower or higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes or other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, other regulatory changes, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, overall economic slowdown and other economic factors in the u.s. or in any of the other markets in which we operate could adversely affect consumer demand for the products we sell in the u.s. or such other markets, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, adversely affect our net sales and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns of inventory, or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results.
in addition, the economic factors listed above, any other economic factors or circumstances resulting in higher transportation, labor, insurance or healthcare costs or commodity prices, and other economic factors in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses and otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results.
the economic factors that affect our operations may also adversely affect the operations of our suppliers, which can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale.
we face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators (whether through physical retail, digital retail or the integration of both), which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
each of our segments competes for customers, employees, store and club sites, digital prominence, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national and global physical and digital retailers, wholesale club operators and retail intermediaries.
our walmart u.s. segment competes with both physical retailers operating discount, department, retail and wholesale grocers, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, hypermarkets and supercenter-type stores, and digital retailers, as well as catalog businesses. our sam's club segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers, general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, gasoline stations, as well as digital retailers and catalog businesses.
our walmart international segment competes with both physical retailers who operate department, drug, discount, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, hypermarkets and supercenter-type stores, wholesale clubs, home-improvement stores, specialty electronics stores, cash & carry operations and convenience stores, and digital retailers, as well as catalog businesses.
we compete in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our digital platforms, cost and speed of and options for delivery to customers of merchandise purchased through our digital platforms or through the omni-channel integration of our physical and digital retail operations.
a failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets or delays or failure in execution of our strategy could materially adversely affect our financial performance. see "item 1. business" above for additional discussion of the competitive situation of each of our reportable segments.
certain segments of the retail industry are undergoing consolidation, which could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. such consolidation, or other business combinations or alliances, may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. such business combinations or alliances could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated or aligned companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, demand for the products and services we sell, our market share and the growth of our business.
it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand and changes in their shopping patterns. the success of our business depends in part on how accurately we predict consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment, whether for customers purchasing products at our stores and clubs, through our digital platforms or through the combination of both. price transparency, assortment of products, customer experience, convenience and the speed and cost of shipping are of primary importance to customers and continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media available to consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products. our failure to adequately or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and shopping patterns, or any other failure on our part to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and shopping patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the products we sell, our market share and the growth of our business.
failure to grow our ecommerce business through the omni-channel integration of physical and digital retail or otherwise, and the cost of our increasing ecommerce investments, may materially adversely affect our market position, net sales and financial performance.
the retail business is rapidly evolving and consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. as a result, the portion of total consumer expenditures with retailers and wholesale clubs occurring through digital platforms is increasing and the pace of this increase could accelerate.
our strategy, which includes investments in ecommerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. the success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to build and deliver a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and is further subject to the risks we face as outlined in this item 1a. as a result, our market position, net sales and financial performance could be adversely affected. in addition, a greater concentration of ecommerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic in our stores and clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-store or cross-club sales of merchandise that such traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our stores and clubs and materially adversely affect the financial performance of the physical retail side of our operations.
furthermore, the cost of certain ecommerce and technology investments, including any operating losses incurred by acquired ecommerce businesses will adversely impact our financial performance in the short-term and may adversely impact our financial performance over the longer term.
the performance of strategic alliances to support the expansion of our walmart international segment could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our walmart international segment may enter into strategic alliances in the countries in which we have existing operations or in other markets to expand our digital retail operations, physical retail operations or both. any strategic alliance may not generate the level of ecommerce or other sales we anticipate when entering into that alliance or may otherwise adversely impact our
business and competitive position relative to the results we could have achieved in the absence of such alliance. in addition, any investment we make in connection with a strategic alliance could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
operational risks natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, cyclones, typhoons, weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution facilities are located, the unavailability of our digital platforms to our customers, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution facilities or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores.
we bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to, or destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory and business interruption caused by such events. these events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations in the areas in which they occur and could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. we expect all of our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required supplier standards of conduct. our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the u.s.
political and economic instability in the countries in which our foreign suppliers and their manufacturers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet certain of our supplier standards (including our responsible sourcing standards), labor problems experienced by our suppliers and their manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption in the transportation of merchandise from the suppliers and manufacturers to our stores, clubs, and other facilities, including as a result of labor slowdowns at any port at which a material amount of merchandise we purchase enters into the u.s., currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.
in addition, the u.s.'s foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.
if the products we sell are not safe or otherwise fail to meet our customers' expectations, we could lose customers, incur liability for any injuries suffered by customers using or consuming a product we sell or otherwise experience material adverse effects to our brand, reputation and financial performance.
our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers or that we prepare and then sell could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. as such, any issue regarding the safety of any food or non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation and financial performance.
we rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations.
given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from cyber-attackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. our information systems are not fully redundant and if our systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. in addition, we are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. if we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives.
if the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our ecommerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
many of our customers shop with us using our digital platforms, which are a part of our omni-channel sales strategy. increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets, and smart phones to shop online and through digital platforms with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. we use social media and electronic mail to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. as a part of our omni-channel sales strategy, in addition to home delivery, we offer "walmart pickup," "pickup today" and "club pickup" and, in a growing number of locations, "online grocery" programs under which many products available for purchase online can be picked up by the customer at a local walmart store or sam's club, which provides additional customer traffic at such stores and clubs. omni-channel retailing is a rapidly evolving part of the retail industry and of our operations in the u.s. (whether through organic growth or ecommerce acquisitions) and in a number of markets in which our walmart international segment operates.
we must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and digital platform merchandising and related technology could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the computer and operating systems on which they run, including those applications and systems in our acquired ecommerce businesses, may be subject to cyber-attacks. those attacks could involve attempts to gain access to one of our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information and related risks discussed below. such attacks, if successful, can also create denials of service or otherwise disable, degrade or sabotage one or more of our digital platforms and otherwise significantly disrupt our customers' and members' shopping experience. if we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position and incur liability for any damage to customers whose personal information is unlawfully obtained and used, any of which events could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations and impede the execution of our strategy for the growth of our business.
any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our company, customers, members, associates and vendors, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation, result in litigation or other legal actions against us, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and materially adversely affect our business and operating results.
as do most retailers, we receive and store in our digital information systems certain personal information about our customers and members, and we receive and store personal information concerning our associates and vendors. some of that information is stored digitally in connection with our digital platforms. we also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for encryption and authentication technology, content delivery to customers and members, back-office support, and other functions. such providers may have access to information we hold about our customers, members, associates or vendors. in addition, our ecommerce operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of single "hackers" or small groups of "hackers." each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. as cyber threats evolve, change and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber-attacks might defeat our or a third-party service provider's security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates and vendors.
associate error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may also result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers' security measures and a breach of our or their information systems. moreover, hardware, software or applications we use may have inherent defects of design, manufacture or operations or could be inadvertently or intentionally implemented or used in a manner that could compromise information security. we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs.
any breach of our security measures or any breach, error or malfeasance of those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations, could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any customers, members, associates and vendors whose personal data was compromised and to restore their confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
in addition, such events could be widely publicized and could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, could harm our competitive position particularly with respect to our ecommerce operations, and could result in a material reduction in our net sales in our ecommerce operations, as well as in our stores thereby materially adversely affecting our operations, net sales, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. such events could also result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial condition and performance and could result in litigation or other legal actions against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. moreover, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures we employ to guard personal information against cyber-attacks and other attempts to access such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital retail operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label credit cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, such as payment network security operating guidelines and the payment card industry data security standard. we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. to the extent that any cyber-attack or incursion in our or one of our third-party service provider's information systems results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. in certain circumstances, payment card association rules and obligations to which we are subject under our contracts with payment card processors make us liable to payment card issuers if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we hold is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial. in addition, the cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.
changes in the results of our retail pharmacy business could adversely affect our overall results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
walmart has retail pharmacy operations in our walmart u.s. and sam's club segments and a large majority of the retail pharmacy net sales are generated by filling prescriptions for which we receive payment through established contractual relationships with third-party payers and payment administrators, such as private insurers, governmental agencies and pharmacy benefit managers ("pbms").
our retail pharmacy operations are subject to numerous risks, including: reductions in the third-party reimbursement rates for drugs; changes in our payer mix (i.e., shifts in the relative distribution of our pharmacy customers across drug insurance plans and programs toward plans and programs with less favorable reimbursement terms); changes in third party payer drug formularies (i.e., the schedule of prescription drugs approved for reimbursement or which otherwise receive preferential coverage treatment); growth in, and our participation in or exclusion from, exclusive and preferred pharmacy network arrangements operated by pbms and/or any insurance plan or program; increases in the prices we pay for brand name and generic prescription drugs we sell; increases in the administrative burdens associated with seeking third-party reimbursement; changes in the frequency with which new brand name pharmaceuticals become available to consumers; introduction of lower cost generic drugs as substitutes for existing brand name drugs for which there was no prior generic drug competition; changes in drug mix (i.e., the relative distribution of drugs customers purchase at our pharmacies between brands and generics); changes
in the health insurance market generally; changes in the scope of or the elimination of medicare part d or medicaid drug programs; increased competition from other retail pharmacy operations; further consolidation among third party payers, pbms or purchasers of drugs; overall economic conditions and the ability of our pharmacy customers to pay for drugs prescribed for them to the extent the costs are not reimbursed by a third party; failure to meet any performance or incentive thresholds to which our level of third party reimbursement may be subject; and changes in the regulatory environment for the retail pharmacy industry and the pharmaceutical industry, including as a result of restrictions on the further implementation of or the repeal of the patient protection and affordable care act or the enactment and implementation of a law replacing such act, and other changes in laws, rules and regulations that affect our retail pharmacy business.
if the supply of certain pharmaceuticals provided by one or more of our vendors were to be disrupted for any reason, our pharmacy operations could be severely affected until at least such time as we could obtain a new supplier for such pharmaceuticals. any such disruption could cause reputational damage and result in a significant number of our pharmacy customers transferring their prescriptions to other pharmacies.
one or a combination of such factors may adversely affect the volumes of brand name and generic pharmaceuticals we sell, our cost of sales associated with our retail pharmacy operations, and the net sales and gross margin of those operations, result in the loss of cross-store or cross-club selling opportunities and, in turn, adversely affect our overall net sales, other results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally. our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we operate, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. if we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
in addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase for other reasons or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented that further increase our labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected.
financial risks fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations.
our operations in countries other than the u.s. are conducted primarily in the local currencies of those countries. our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. in recent years, fluctuations in currency exchange rates that were unfavorable to us coupled with such translations have had a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations.
as a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us may also result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. such unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely affect the reported performance of our walmart international operating segment and have a corresponding adverse effect on our reported consolidated results of operations.
we may pay for products we purchase for sale in our stores and clubs around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods will be sold. when we must acquire the currency to pay for such products and the exchange rates for the payment currency fluctuate in a manner unfavorable to us, our cost of sales may increase and we may be unable or unwilling to change the prices at which we sell those goods to address that increase in our costs, with a corresponding adverse effect on our gross profit. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable store and club sales growth rates, ecommerce growth
rates, gross margin, or earnings and earnings per share could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase programs or policies. additionally, failure of walmart's performance to match that of other retailers may have a negative effect on the price of our stock.
legal, tax, regulatory, compliance, reputational and other risks our operations subject us to legislative, judicial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance.
in addition to our u.s. operations, we operate our retail business principally through wholly-owned subsidiaries in argentina, brazil, canada, chile, china, india, japan and the united kingdom and our majority-owned subsidiaries in africa, central america and mexico.
in fiscal 2018, our walmart u.s. and sam's club operating segments generated approximately 76% of our consolidated net sales. the federal government has created the potential for significant changes in trade policies, including tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries where we source many of the products we sell in our stores and clubs. potential changes which have been discussed include the renegotiation or termination of trade agreements and the imposition of higher tariffs on imports into the u.s. a significant portion of the general merchandise we sell in our u.s. stores and clubs is manufactured in other countries. any such actions could increase the cost to us of such merchandise (whether imported directly or indirectly) and cause increases in the prices at which we sell such merchandise to our customers, which could materially adversely affect the financial performance of our u.s. operations and our business.
during fiscal 2018, our walmart international operations generated approximately 24% of our consolidated net sales. walmart international's operations in various countries also sources goods and services from other countries. our future operating results in these countries could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. these factors include political conditions, including political instability, local and global economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, local product safety and environmental laws, tax regulations, local labor laws, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future.
our business and results of operations in the uk may be negatively affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increases in food costs, changes in trade policies, or changes in labor, immigration, tax or other laws resulting from the uk's anticipated exit from the european union.
brazilian federal, state and local laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. although the company believes it complies with those laws, the company's subsidiaries in brazil are party to a large number of labor claims and non-income tax assessments, which have arisen during the normal course of business in brazil. these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and if decided adversely to the company, could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. other factors which may impact our international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies of the u.s. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the u.s. additional risks inherent in our international operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the u.s. the various risks inherent in doing business in the u.s. generally also exist when doing business outside of the u.s., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations.
in foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), or the laws and regulations of other countries, such as the uk bribery act. we maintain a global policy prohibiting such business practices and have in place a global anti-corruption compliance program designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such u.s. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation.
we are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. our income taxes could be materially adversely affected by earnings being
lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in worldwide tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") was enacted and contains significant changes to u.s. income tax law. effective in 2018, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent and creates new taxes focused on foreign-sourced earnings and related-party payments. in addition, the company was subject to a one-time transition tax in fiscal 2018 on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to u.s. income tax. the securities and exchange commission (sec) staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") on december 22, 2017, which allows companies to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, the company made reasonable estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements as of january 31, 2018, in accordance with sab 118. as the company collects and prepares necessary data, and interprets the tax act and any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies, the company may make adjustments to the provisional amounts during fiscal 2019. those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made and could impact our net income and our earnings per share, as well as our consolidated cash flows and liquidity.
we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing tax regulations and legislation. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made.
we operate in complex regulated environments in the united states and in the other countries in which we operate and could be adversely affected by changes to existing legal requirements including the related interpretations and enforcement practices, new legal requirements and/or any failure to comply with applicable regulations. our pharmacy operations in the united states are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations including licensing and other requirements for pharmacies and reimbursement arrangements. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: federal and state registration and regulation of pharmacies; dispensing and sale of controlled substances and products containing pseudoephedrine; applicable governmental payer regulations including medicare and medicaid; data privacy and security laws and regulations including the health insurance portability and accountability act, the affordable care act or any successor thereto; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations regarding food and drug safety including those of the u.s. food and drug administration (the "fda") and the drug enforcement administration (the "dea"), trade regulations including those of the u.s. federal trade commission, and consumer protection and safety regulations including those of the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the availability, sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell and the financial services we offer; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; and federal and state laws governing health care fraud and abuse and the practice of the professions of pharmacy, optical care and nurse practitioner services.
for example, in the united states the dea and various other regulatory authorities regulate the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the federal and various state controlled substance acts and related regulations governing the sale, dispensing, disposal, holding and distribution of controlled substances. the dea, fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. we are also governed by foreign, national and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity and other labor and employment matters, as well as employee benefit, competition, anti-money laundering, antitrust matters and health and wellness related regulations for our pharmacy operations outside of the united states. changes in laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may alter the landscape in which we do business and may significantly affect our cost of doing business.
the impact of new laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs and require significant capital expenditures. untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including: suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the medicare and medicaid programs in the united states; loss of licenses; and significant fines or monetary damages and/or penalties. any failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the united states or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial
exposure, damage our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to certain legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. in particular, we are currently a defendant in a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws, as well as a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state consumer laws.
in addition, asda stores, ltd. ("asda"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, has been named as a defendant in over 10,000 "equal value" claims pending in the manchester employment tribunal (the "employment tribunal") in the united kingdom. the claimants, who are current and former asda store employees, allege that the work performed by female employees in asda's retail stores is of equal value in terms of, among other things, the demands of their jobs to that of male employees working in asda's warehouses and distribution facilities, and that the disparity in pay between these different job positions is not objectively justified. the claimants are seeking differential back pay based on higher wage rates in the warehouses and distribution facilities and higher wage rates on a prospective basis. at present, we cannot predict the number of such claims that may be filed, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these proceedings.
in december 2017, the united states judicial panel on multidistrict litigation consolidated numerous lawsuits filed against a wide array of defendants by various plaintiffs, including counties, cities, healthcare providers, native american tribes, individuals, and third-party payors, asserting claims generally concerning the impacts of widespread opioid abuse. the consolidated multidistrict litigation is entitled in re national prescription opiate litigation (mdl no. 2804), and is pending in the u.s. district court for the northern district of ohio. the company is named as a defendant in some of the cases included in this multidistrict litigation, including cases filed by several counties in west virginia; by healthcare providers in mississippi, alabama, texas, and florida; and by the st. croix chippewa indians of wisconsin. similar cases that name the company have been filed in state courts by various counties and municipalities; by health care providers; and by various native american tribes.  at present, we cannot predict the number of such claims that may be filed, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from such claims.
we discuss these cases and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings" and in note 10 in the "notes to our consolidated financial statements," which are part of this annual report on form 10-k.
we could be subject to liability, penalties and other sanctions and other adverse consequences arising out of our on-going fcpa matter.
the audit committee of our board of directors has been conducting an internal investigation into, among other things, alleged violations of the fcpa and other alleged crimes or misconduct in connection with certain of our foreign subsidiaries, including wal-mart de mexico, s.a.b. de c.v. ("walmex"), and whether prior allegations of such violations and/or misconduct were appropriately handled by the company. we have also been conducting a voluntary global review of our policies, practices and internal controls for anti-corruption compliance and are engaged in strengthening our global anti-corruption compliance programs. since the implementation of the global review and enhanced anti-corruption compliance programs, the audit committee and we have identified or been made aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the fcpa.
inquiries or investigations regarding allegations of potential fcpa violations have been commenced in a number of foreign markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, brazil, china and india. in november 2011, we voluntarily disclosed our investigative activity to the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") and the sec. we have been cooperating with those agencies and discussions have been ongoing with them regarding the resolution of these matters. these discussions have progressed to a point that we can now reasonably estimate a probable loss and have recorded an aggregate accrual of $283 million with respect to these matters (the "accrual").
a number of federal and local government agencies in mexico have also initiated investigations of these matters. furthermore, lawsuits relating to the matters under investigation have been filed by several of our shareholders against us, certain of our current and former directors and officers and certain of walmex's current and former officers.
we could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of these matters. one or more enforcement actions could be instituted in respect of the matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. the shareholder lawsuits may result in judgments against us and our current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. we also expect that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest regarding these matters, including additional news articles on these matters that could impact the perception of our role as a corporate citizen among certain audiences. moreover, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs in responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in
while we have made an accrual for these matters, because the discussions are continuing, there can be no assurance as to the timing or the terms of the final resolution of these matters. although we do not presently believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, given the inherent uncertainties in such situations, we can provide no assurance that these matters will not be material to our business in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview walmart inc. ("walmart," the "company" or "we") is engaged in retail and wholesale operations in various formats around the world. through our operations, we help people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores and through ecommerce. through innovation, we are striving to create a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates digital and physical shopping into an omni-channel offering that saves time for our customers. physical retail encompasses our brick and mortar presence in each of the markets in which we operate. digital retail, or ecommerce, is comprised of our ecommerce websites, mobile commerce applications and transactions involving both an ecommerce platform and a physical format, which we refer to as omni-channel. each week, we serve nearly 270 million customers who visit our more than 11,700 stores and numerous ecommerce websites under 65 banners in 28 countries. our strategy is to lead on price, invest to differentiate on access, be competitive on assortment and deliver a great experience. by leading on price we earn the trust of our customers every day by providing a broad assortment of quality merchandise and services at everyday low prices ("edlp"). edlp is our pricing philosophy under which we price items at a low price every day so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional activity. price leadership is core to who we are. everyday low cost ("edlc") is our commitment to control expenses so our cost savings can be passed along to our customers. our physical and digital presence, in which we are investing to integrate into a seamless omni-channel, provides customers convenient access to our broad assortment anytime and anywhere. we strive to give our customers and members a great shopping experience through whichever shopping method they prefer.
our operations consist of three reportable segments: walmart u.s., walmart international and sam's club.
   walmart u.s. is our largest segment with three primary store formats and ecommerce, as well as an omni-channel offering. of our three reportable segments, walmart u.s. has historically had the highest gross profit as a percentage of net sales ("gross profit rate"). in addition, it has historically contributed the greatest amount to the company's net sales and operating income.
   walmart international consists of our operations outside of the u.s. and includes retail, wholesale and other businesses. these categories, including ecommerce, consist of many formats, including: supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs (including sam's clubs) and cash &amp; carry. overall gross profit rate for walmart international is lower than that of walmart u.s. primarily because of its merchandise mix. walmart international is our second largest segment and has grown in recent years by adding retail, wholesale and other units, and expanding ecommerce.
   sam's club consists of membership-only warehouse clubs as well as ecommerce through samsclub.com. as a membership-only warehouse club, membership income is a significant component of the segment's operating income. sam's club operates with a lower gross profit rate and lower operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our other segments.
each of our segments contributes to the company's operating results differently. each, however, has generally maintained a consistent contribution rate to the company's net sales and operating income in recent years other than minor changes to the contribution rate for the walmart international segment due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our fiscal year ends on january 31 for our u.s. and canadian operations. we consolidate all other operations generally using a one-month lag and on a calendar year basis. our business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns. generally, our highest sales volume and operating income have occurred in the fiscal quarter ending january 31.
this discussion, which presents our results for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2018 ("fiscal 2018"), january 31, 2017 ("fiscal 2017") and january 31, 2016 ("fiscal 2016") should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. we intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. we also discuss certain performance metrics that management uses to assess the company's performance. additionally, the discussion provides information about the financial results of the three segments of our business to provide a better understanding of how each of those segments and its results of operations affect the financial condition and results of operations of the company as a whole.
throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, we discuss segment operating income, comparable store and club sales and other measures. management measures the results of the company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. from time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including certain corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. when we do so, the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.
comparable store and club sales, or comparable sales, is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period from the corresponding period in the previous year. walmart's definition of comparable sales includes sales from stores and clubs open for the previous 12 months, including remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions, as well as ecommerce sales. we measure the ecommerce sales impact by including all sales initiated online or though mobile applications, including omni-channel transactions which are fulfilled through our stores and clubs. sales of a store that has changed in format are excluded from comparable sales when the conversion of that store is accompanied by a relocation or expansion that results in a change in the store's retail square feet of more than five percent. additionally, sales related to ecommerce acquisitions are excluded until such acquisitions have been owned for 12 months. comparable sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry. the method of calculating comparable sales varies across the retail industry. as a result, our calculation of comparable sales is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
in discussing our operating results, we use the term "currency exchange rates" to refer to the currency exchange rates we use to convert the operating results for all countries where the functional currency is not the u.s. dollar into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. we calculate the effect of changes in currency exchange rates from the prior period to the current period as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates, and current period activity translated using the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating income, of the company and the walmart international segment in the future.
the retail industry we operate in the highly competitive retail industry in all of the markets we serve. we face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. many of these competitors are national, regional or international chains or have a national or international online presence. we compete with a number of companies for prime retail site locations, as well as in attracting and retaining quality employees ("associates"). we, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. further information on the factors that can affect our operating results and on certain risks to our company and an investment in its securities can be found herein under "item 1a. risk factors," and under "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
company performance metrics we are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs.  at times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate.  our financial framework is defined as:
   strong, efficient growth;
   operating discipline; and
   strategic capital allocation.
as we execute on this financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time.
strong, efficient growth our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on increasing comparable sales and ecommerce sales growth while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. at times, we make strategic investments which are focused on the long-term growth of the company, which may not benefit comparable sales in the near term.
comparable sales is a metric which indicates the performance of our existing stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores and clubs, including ecommerce sales, for a particular period over the corresponding period in the previous year. the retail industry generally reports comparable sales using the retail calendar (also known as the 4-5-4 calendar). to be consistent with the retail industry, we provide comparable sales using the retail calendar in our quarterly earnings releases. however, when we discuss our comparable sales below, we are referring to our calendar comparable sales calculated using our fiscal calendar. as our fiscal calendar differs from the retail calendar, our fiscal calendar comparable sales also differ from the retail calendar comparable sales provided in our quarterly earnings releases.
calendar comparable sales, as well as the impact of fuel, for fiscal 2018 and 2017, were as follows:
with fuel                   fuel impact walmart u.s.        2.1%          1.6%          0.1%            0.0%
comparable sales in the u.s., including fuel, increased 2.2% and 1.4% in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the fiscal 2018 total u.s. comparable sales were positively impacted by continued traffic improvement, higher ecommerce sales and the impact of higher fuel sales. ecommerce sales positively impacted comparable sales approximately 0.7% for both walmart u.s. and sam's club for fiscal 2018. the fiscal 2017 total u.s. comparable sales were positively impacted by continued traffic improvement and higher ecommerce sales at the walmart u.s. segment, partially offset by the negative impact of lower fuel sales primarily due to lower fuel prices at the sam's club segment. ecommerce sales positively impacted comparable sales approximately 0.4% and 0.7% for walmart u.s. and sam's club, respectively, for fiscal 2017.
in the past, when we were focused on adding new stores and clubs in the u.s., we did so with an understanding that additional stores and clubs may take sales away from existing units. we reduced the number of new store and club openings in fiscal 2018 and the negative impact on comparable sales as a result of these openings was not significant. we expect this trend to continue in the future as well. in fiscal 2017, we estimate the negative impact on comparable sales as a result of opening new stores and clubs was approximately 0.7%. our estimate was calculated primarily by comparing the sales trends of the impacted stores and clubs, which are identified based on their proximity to the new stores and clubs, to those of nearby non-impacted stores and clubs, in each case, as measured after the new stores and clubs are opened.
operating discipline we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. we measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating expenses.
percentage change from comparable period                                                           3.0      %                  0.6      %
operating, selling, general and administrative expenses                                       $106,510                    $101,853
percentage change from comparable period                                                           4.6      %                  5.0      %
operating, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales              21.5      %                 21.2      %
for fiscal 2018, operating, selling, general and administrative ("operating") expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 32 basis points, when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. while our increase in net sales and improving expense management had a positive impact on our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales, we did not leverage expenses as a result of approximately $0.6 billion of charges related to sam's club closures and discontinued real estate projects, approximately $400 million related to a lump sum bonus paid to associates, $300 million related to home office severance, a legal accrual of $283 million related to the fcpa matter, a charge of $244 million related to walmart u.s. discontinued real estate projects, and the decisions to exit certain international properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations.
strategic capital allocation we are allocating more capital to remodels, ecommerce, technology and supply chain and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. this allocation aligns with our initiatives of improving our customer proposition in stores and clubs and integrating digital and physical shopping. the following table provides additional detail:
(amounts in millions)                                                            fiscal years ended january 31, allocation of capital expenditures                           2018                     2017
total capital expenditures                                           $10,051                     $10,619
total u.s. capital expenditures decreased $478 million for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. capital expenditures related to new stores and clubs, including expansions and relocations, decreased $1.3 billion, partially offset by increases to capital expenditures for remodels and for ecommerce, technology, supply chain and other. these changes were a result of our shift in capital allocation strategy to support growth in comparable store and club sales and ecommerce, while slowing the rate at which we open new stores and clubs.
returns as we execute our financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time. we measure returns on capital with our return on investment and free cash flow metrics. in addition, we provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the liquidity and capital resources section.
return on assets and return on investment we include return on assets ("roa"), the most directly comparable measure based on our financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("gaap"), and return on investment ("roi") as metrics to assess returns on assets. while roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure, management believes roi is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively walmart is deploying its assets. trends in roi can fluctuate over time as management balances long-term potential strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts. roa was 5.2% and 7.2% for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decline in roa was primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt and the decrease in operating income for the fiscal year ended january 31, 2018. roi was 14.2% and 15.2% for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decline in roi was primarily due to the decrease in operating income for the fiscal year ended january 31, 2018.
we define roi as adjusted operating income (operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense) for the fiscal year or trailing 12 months divided by average invested capital during that period. we consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average accumulated depreciation and average accumulated amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period, plus a rent factor equal to the rent for the fiscal year or trailing 12 months multiplied by a factor of eight. when we have discontinued operations, we exclude the impact of the discontinued operations.
our calculation of roi is considered a non-gaap financial measure because we calculate roi using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are included and excluded in the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. for example, we exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization from our reported operating income in calculating the numerator of our calculation of roi. in addition, we include a factor of eight for rent expense that estimates the hypothetical capitalization of our operating leases. as mentioned above, we consider roa to be the financial measure computed in accordance with gaap that is the most directly comparable financial measure to our calculation of roi. roi differs from roa (which is consolidated net income for the period divided by average total assets for the period) because roi: adjusts operating income to exclude certain expense items and adds interest income; adjusts total assets for the impact of accumulated depreciation and amortization, accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and incorporates a factor of rent to arrive at total invested capital. because of the adjustments mentioned above, we believe roi more accurately measures how we are deploying our key assets and is more meaningful to investors than roa.
although roi is a standard financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's roi. as a result, the method used by management to calculate our roi may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their roi.
the calculation of roa and roi, along with a reconciliation of roi to the calculation of roa, the most comparable gaap financial measure, is as follows:
calculation of return on assets numerator consolidated net income                                            $10,523                     $14,293
calculation of return on investment numerator operating income                                                   $20,437                     $22,764
= adjusted operating income                                        $34,050                     $35,556
= average invested capital                                        $239,974                    $234,253
as of january 31,
(1) the average is based on the addition of the account balance at the end of the current period to the account balance at the end of the prior period and dividing by 2.
free cash flow free cash flow is considered a non-gaap financial measure.  management believes, however, that free cash flow, which measures our ability to generate additional cash from our business operations, is an important financial measure for use in evaluating the company's financial performance. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, consolidated net income as a measure of our performance and net cash provided by operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. see liquidity and capital resources for discussions of gaap metrics including net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities.
we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities in a period minus payments for property and equipment made in that period. we had net cash provided by operating activities of $28.3 billion, $31.7 billion and $27.6 billion for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we generated free cash flow of $18.3 billion, $21.1 billion and $16.1 billion for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decreases in net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow in fiscal 2018 from fiscal 2017 were primarily due to the timing of tax and other payments, as well as lapping the previous year's improvements in working capital management and the benefit from the application of tax regulations adopted in fiscal 2017. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow in fiscal 2017 from fiscal 2016 was primarily due to improved working capital management. additionally, we benefited from the application of new tax regulations related to the accelerated deduction of remodels and related expenses.
walmart's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, we believe it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to our consolidated statements of cash flows.
although other companies report their free cash flow, numerous methods may exist for calculating a company's free cash flow. as a result, the method used by walmart's management to calculate our free cash flow may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their free cash flow.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by operating activities, which we believe to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash used in investing activities and net cash used in financing activities:
net cash provided by operating activities         $28,337                 $31,673                 $27,552
(1) "net cash used in investing activities" includes payments for property and equipment, which is also included in our computation of free cash flow.
results of operations consolidated results of operations fiscal years ended january 31,
percentage change from comparable period                    3.0    %                0.8    %               (0.7   )%
percentage change from comparable period                    3.0    %                0.6    %               (0.7   )%
gross profit rate                                          24.7    %               24.9    %               24.6    %
operating income                                        $20,437                 $22,764                 $24,105
operating income as a percentage of net sales               4.1    %                4.7    %                5.0    %
our total revenues, which are mostly comprised of net sales, but also include membership and other income, increased $14.5 billion or 3.0% and $3.7 billion or 0.8% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. net sales increased $14.4 billion or 3.0% and $2.7 billion or 0.6% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, net sales were positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales, the impact from new store openings and sales generated from ecommerce acquisitions. additionally, for fiscal 2018, the increase in net sales was partially offset by a reduction in net sales of $1.9 billion due to divesting our yihaodian and suburbia businesses and the $0.5 billion of negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates. for fiscal 2017, net sales were positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales and the 1.3% year-over-year growth in consolidated retail square feet. the positive effect of such factors on our consolidated net sales for fiscal 2017 was partially offset by a negative impact of $11.0 billion or 2.3% as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates and a $0.4 billion decrease in fuel sales from lower fuel prices at the sam's club segment.
our gross profit rate decreased 26 basis points for fiscal 2018 and increased 36 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the decrease was primarily due to strategic price investments and the mix impact from ecommerce. for fiscal 2017, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to improved margin in food and consumables, including the impact of savings in procuring merchandise and lower transportation expense from lower fuel costs in the walmart u.s. segment. additionally, improvement in certain markets' inventory management and cost analytics programs in the walmart international segment also positively impacted our gross profit rate for fiscal 2017.
operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 32 and 88 basis points for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to approximately $0.6 billion in charges related to sam's club closures and discontinued real estate projects, approximately $400 million related to a lump sum bonus paid to associates, $300 million related to home office severance, a legal accrual of $283 million related to the fcpa matter in the third quarter, a charge of $244 million related to discontinued real estate projects in walmart u.s., and the decisions to exit certain international properties and wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations. for fiscal 2017, the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to an increase in wage expense at the walmart u.s. and sam's club segments resulting from the continued investment in associate wage structure, a $370 million charge related to discontinued domestic real estate projects and severance, and our
continued investments in ecommerce and technology. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2017 was partially offset by the impact of store closures in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.
membership and other income was relatively flat for fiscal 2018 and increased $1.0 billion for fiscal 2017, when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. while fiscal 2018 included a $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia, a $47 million gain from a land sale, higher recycling income from our sustainability efforts and higher membership income from increased plus member penetration at sam's club, these gains were less than gains recognized in fiscal 2017. fiscal 2017 included a $535 million gain from the sale of our yihaodian business and a $194 million gain from the sale of shopping malls in chile.
for fiscal 2018, loss on extinguishment of debt was $3.1 billion, due to the early extinguishment of long-term debt which allowed us to retire higher rate debt to reduce interest expense in future periods.
our effective income tax rate was 30.4% for fiscal 2018 and 30.3% for both fiscal 2017 and 2016. although relatively consistent year-over-year, our effective income tax rate may fluctuate from period to period as a result of factors including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, valuation allowances, changes in tax laws, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix of earnings among our u.s. operations and international operations. the reconciliation from the u.s. statutory rate to the effective income tax rates for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 is presented in note 9 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" and describes the impact of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") to the fiscal 2018 effective income tax rate.
as a result of the factors discussed above, we reported $10.5 billion and $14.3 billion of consolidated net income for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, which represents a decrease of $3.8 billion and $0.8 billion for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. diluted net income per common share attributable to walmart ("eps") was $3.28 and $4.38 for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively.
percentage change from comparable period                    3.5    %                3.2    %                3.6    %
operating income                                        $17,869                 $17,745                 $19,087
operating income as a percentage of net sales               5.6    %                5.8    %                6.4    %
net sales for the walmart u.s. segment increased $10.6 billion or 3.5% and $9.5 billion or 3.2% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the increases in net sales were primarily due to increases in comparable store sales of 2.1% and 1.6% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, and year-over-year growth in retail square feet of 0.7% and 1.4% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. additionally, for fiscal 2018, sales generated from ecommerce acquisitions further contributed to the year-over-year increase.
gross profit rate decreased 24 basis points for fiscal 2018 and increased 24 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the decrease was primarily due to strategic price investments and the mix impact from ecommerce. partially offsetting the negative factors for fiscal 2018 was the positive impact of savings from procuring merchandise. for fiscal 2017, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to improved margin in food and consumables, including the impact of savings in procuring merchandise and lower transportation expense from lower fuel costs.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales was relatively flat for fiscal 2018 and increased 101 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 included charges related to discontinued real estate projects of $244 million and $249 million, respectively. for fiscal 2017, the increase was primarily driven by an increase in wage expense due to the investment in the associate wage structure; the charge related to discontinued real estate projects; and investments in digital retail and technology. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2017 was partially offset by the impact of store closures in fiscal 2016.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income increased $124 million for fiscal 2018 and decreased $1.3 billion for fiscal 2017, respectively.
percentage change from comparable period                    1.7    %               (5.9   )%               (9.4   )%
operating income                                         $5,352                  $5,758                  $5,346
operating income as a percentage of net sales               4.5    %                5.0    %                4.3    %
net sales for the walmart international segment increased $1.9 billion or 1.7% for fiscal 2018 and decreased $7.3 billion or 5.9% for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in net sales was due to positive comparable sales in the majority of our markets and the impact of new stores, partially offset by a reduction in net sales of $1.9 billion due to divesting our yihaodian and suburbia businesses and a $0.5 billion negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates. for fiscal 2017, the decrease in net sales was due to a $11.0 billion negative impact from fluctuations in currency exchange rates. additionally, net sales for fiscal 2017 were impacted by positive comparable sales in all of our markets, except in the united kingdom, and year-over-year growth in retail square feet of 1.2%.
gross profit rate decreased 28 basis points for fiscal 2018 and increased 46 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the decrease in the gross profit rate was primarily due to strategic price investments in certain markets. for fiscal 2017, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to improvement in certain markets' inventory management and cost analytics programs.
membership and other income decreased 14.0% for fiscal 2018 and increased 69.4% for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. while fiscal 2018 included a $387 million gain from the sale of suburbia and a $47 million gain from a land sale, these gains were less than gains recognized in fiscal 2017. fiscal 2017 included a $535 million gain from the sale of our yihaodian business and a $194 million gain from the sale of shopping malls in chile.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales decreased 11 basis points for fiscal 2018 and increased 58 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. the decrease in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2018 was primarily due to an increase in net sales partially offset by restructuring and impairment charges in certain markets of approximately $0.5 billion, including charges from decisions to exit certain properties and to wind down the first party brazil ecommerce operations. the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to declining sales on relatively flat fixed costs in the united kingdom, as well as adjustments to useful lives of certain assets and impairment charges in certain markets.
segment operating income was negatively impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates of $68 million and $642 million for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income decreased $406 million for fiscal 2018 and increased $412 million for fiscal 2017, respectively.
sam's club segment we believe the information in the below table under the caption "excluding fuel" is useful to investors because it permits investors to understand the effect of the sam's club segment's fuel sales on its results of operations, which are impacted by the volatility of fuel prices. volatility in fuel prices may continue to impact the operating results of the sam's club segment in the future.
percentage change from comparable period                  3.2    %              0.9    %             (2.1   )%
operating income                                         $982                $1,671                $1,820
operating income as a percentage of net sales             1.7    %              2.9    %              3.2    %
percentage change from comparable period                  2.2    %              1.8    %              1.4    %
operating income                                         $864                $1,619                $1,746
operating income as a percentage of net sales             1.6    %              3.0    %              3.3    %
net sales for the sam's club segment increased $1.9 billion or 3.2% and $0.5 billion or 0.9% for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in net sales was primarily due to an increase in comparable sales which were benefited by an increase of $0.7 billion in fuel sales from higher fuel prices in fiscal 2018. for fiscal 2017, the increase in net sales was primarily due to an increase in comparable sales without fuel driven by higher ecommerce sales, and a year-over-year increase in retail square feet of 0.9%, partially offset by a decrease of $0.4 billion in fuel sales primarily from lower fuel prices in fiscal 2017. in the future, net sales will be negatively impacted by our decision to remove tobacco in certain clubs.
gross profit rate decreased 44 basis points for fiscal 2018 and increased 39 basis points for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the decrease in gross profit rate was primarily due to the impact of markdowns to liquidate inventory related to the club closures, a reclassification of certain supply expenses from operating expenses to cost of goods sold, higher inventory shrink, increased shipping costs at samsclub.com and the investment in cash rewards. for fiscal 2017, the increase in gross profit rate was primarily due to margin rate improvement in home and apparel, health and wellness, and grocery, partially offset by changes in merchandise mix and the growth of the cash rewards program.
membership and other income increased 2.3% for fiscal 2018 and decreased 6.5% for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in membership and other income was primarily due to higher recycling income from our sustainability efforts and an increase of 1.3% in membership income resulting from increased plus member penetration. for fiscal 2017, the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in other income partially offset by an increase of 2.3% in membership income as a result of increased plus member renewals.
operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales increased 80 and 49 basis points for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. for fiscal 2018, the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales was primarily due to a charge of approximately $0.6 billion related to club closures and discontinued real estate projects. for fiscal 2017, the increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales was primarily due to an increase in wage, benefit and incentive expenses from the investment in the associate wage structure, as well as our investments in ecommerce and technology and an increase in advertising expense.
as a result of the factors discussed above, segment operating income decreased $689 million and $149 million for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity the strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. our cash flows provided by operating activities, supplemented with our long-term debt and short-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to invest in activities that support the long-term growth of our operations. generally, some or all of the remaining available cash flow has been used to fund the dividends on our common stock and share repurchases. we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future.
net cash provided by operating activities fiscal years ended january 31,
net cash provided by operating activities         $28,337               $31,673               $27,552
net cash provided by operating activities was $28.3 billion, $31.7 billion and $27.6 billion for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was due to the timing of tax and other payments, as well as lapping the previous year's improvements in working capital management and the benefit from the application of tax regulations adopted in fiscal 2017. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year, was primarily due to improved working capital management. additionally, we benefited from the application of new tax regulations related to the accelerated deduction of remodels and related expenses.
cash equivalents and working capital cash and cash equivalents were $6.8 billion and $6.9 billion at january 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our working capital deficit was $18.9 billion and $9.2 billion at january 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in our working capital deficit reflects an increase in short-term borrowings as part of our long-term debt extinguishment activity as well as improved procurement and inventory management. we generally operate with a working capital deficit due to our efficient use of cash in funding operations, consistent access to the capital markets and returns provided to our shareholders in the form of payments of cash dividends and share repurchases.
we use intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. we do not believe it will be necessary to repatriate earnings held outside of the u.s. and anticipate our domestic liquidity needs will be met through cash flows provided by domestic operating activities, supplemented with long-term debt and short-term borrowings. accordingly, we intend, with only certain exceptions, to continue to indefinitely reinvest our earnings held outside of the u.s. in our foreign operations. as part of u.s. tax reform enacted on december 22, 2017, we are currently assessing the impact of the new legislation, which can in turn, impact our assertion regarding any potential future repatriation. if our intentions with respect to reinvestment were to change, most of the amounts held within our foreign operations could be repatriated to the u.s., although any repatriation under new u.s. tax laws could be subject to incremental withholding taxes. we do not expect current local laws, other existing limitations or potential taxes on anticipated future repatriations of cash amounts held outside of the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
as of january 31, 2018 and 2017, cash and cash equivalents of $1.4 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, may not be freely transferable to the u.s. due to local laws or other restrictions.
net cash used in investing activities was $9.1 billion, $14.0 billion and $10.7 billion for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and generally consisted of payments to remodel existing stores and clubs, expand our ecommerce capabilities, invest in other technologies and add stores and clubs. net cash used in investing activities decreased $4.9 billion for fiscal 2018, when compared to the previous fiscal year. fiscal 2018 included cash received of $1.0 billion from the sale of suburbia in mexico, while fiscal 2017 included our acquisition of jet.com, inc. ("jet.com") for approximately $2.4 billion and our purchase of $1.9 billion of available for sale securities in jd.com ("jd"). net cash used in investing activities increased $3.3 billion for fiscal 2017, when compared to the previous fiscal year, primarily due to our acquisition of jet.com and investment in jd, partially offset by $0.7 billion in cash received from the sales of shopping malls in chile. refer to note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on our acquisition of jet.com and investment in jd. additionally, refer to the "strategic capital allocation" section in our company performance metrics for capital expenditure detail for fiscal 2018 and 2017.
we continued to focus on ecommerce, including a seamless omni-channel shopping experience, in each of our segments during fiscal 2018. our fiscal 2018 accomplishments in this area include growing "online grocery" to over 1,100 pickup locations in the u.s., new dedicated ecommerce fulfillment centers, two-day free shipping with no membership fee at walmart u.s. and one-hour delivery from stores in china.
growth activities for the fiscal year ending january 31, 2019 ("fiscal 2019"), we project capital expenditures will be approximately $11.0 billion and involve:
   in walmart u.s., continuing to prioritize store remodels and digital experiences, with approximately 1,000 additional online grocery locations;
   in walmart international, investing more in fulfillment capabilities in addition to new stores; and,
   ecommerce investments that include enhanced supply chain capabilities.
globally, in fiscal 2019, we expect to add approximately 280 new, expanded or relocated stores and clubs, with approximately 255 of those in walmart international, focusing on key markets such as mexico and china.
net cash flows used in financing activities generally consist of transactions related to our short-term and long-term debt, financing obligations, dividends paid and the repurchase of company stock. transactions with noncontrolling interests are also classified as cash flows from financing activities. net cash used in financing activities increased $0.8 billion and $2.8 billion for fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, when compared to the same period in the previous fiscal year. net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2018 increased due to premiums paid for early extinguishment of debt. net cash used in financing
activities for fiscal 2017 increased primarily due to repurchases of company stock partially offset by lower repayments of long-term debt. further discussion of financing activities is provided by major category below.
short-term borrowings net cash flows provided by short-term borrowings increased $4.1 billion in fiscal 2018 and decreased $1.7 billion in fiscal 2017, when compared to the balance at the end of the previous fiscal year. we generally utilize the liquidity provided by short-term borrowings to provide funding for our operations, dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures and other cash requirements. for fiscal 2018, the additional cash provided by short-term borrowings was primarily due to the timing of our january 2018 debt extinguishment. for fiscal 2017, the decrease in net cash flows provided by short-term borrowings was due to improved cash flows from operations driven by working capital improvements and changes to tax regulations.
the following table includes additional information related to the company's short-term borrowings for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016:
in addition to our short-term borrowings, we also have various undrawn committed lines of credit in the u.s. that provide $12.5 billion and various undrawn committed lines of credit outside of the u.s. that provide approximately $4.0 billion of additional liquidity, if needed.
long-term debt the following table provides the changes in our long-term debt for fiscal 2018:
(amounts in millions)                              long-term debt due within one year       long-term debt           total balances as of february 1, 2017                                  $2,256                     $36,015            $38,271
proceeds from issuance of long-term debt                              -                       7,476              7,476
payments of long-term debt                                       (1,789             )       (11,272      )     (13,061   )
reclassifications of long-term debt                               3,224                      (3,224      )           -
balances as of january 31, 2018                                  $3,738                     $30,045            $33,783
our total long-term debt decreased $4.5 billion for fiscal 2018, primarily due to the extinguishment and maturities of certain long-term debt, partially offset by the issuance of long-term debt. the extinguishment of certain long-term debt allowed us to retire higher rate debt to reduce interest expense in future periods.
dividends our total dividend payments were $6.1 billion, $6.2 billion and $6.3 billion for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. on february 20, 2018, the board of directors approved the fiscal 2019 annual dividend of $2.08 per share, an increase over the fiscal 2018 annual dividend of $2.04 per share. for fiscal 2019, the annual dividend will be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.52 per share, according to the following record and payable dates:
company share repurchase program from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the company's board of directors. all repurchases made during the fiscal year prior to november 20, 2017 were made under the plan in effect at the beginning of fiscal 2018. on october 9, 2017, the board of directors approved a new $20.0 billion share repurchase program which, beginning on november 20, 2017, replaced the previous share repurchase program. as of january 31, 2018, authorization for $18.8 billion of share repurchases remained under the current share repurchase program. any repurchased shares are constructively retired and returned to an unissued status.
we regularly review share repurchase activity and consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, current cash needs, capacity for leverage, cost of borrowings, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. we anticipate that a significant majority of the ongoing share repurchase program will be
funded through the company's free cash flows. the following table provides, on a settlement date basis, the number of shares repurchased, average price paid per share and total amount paid for share repurchases for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016:
total number of shares repurchased                     104.9                 119.9                  62.4
significant transactions with noncontrolling interests in fiscal 2016, as described in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements, we completed the purchase of all of the remaining noncontrolling interest in yihaodian, our ecommerce operations in china, for approximately $760 million, using existing cash to complete the transaction. the company subsequently sold yihaodian to jd in fiscal 2017.
capital resources we believe cash flows from operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs, which include funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, dividend payments and share repurchases.
we have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. at january 31, 2018, the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as follows:
rating agency               commercial paper   long-term debt standard &amp; poor's       a-1+               aa moody's investors service   p-1                aa2
fitch ratings               f1+                aa credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time. accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. factors that could affect our credit ratings include changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. in addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. the credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
contractual obligations the following table sets forth certain information concerning our obligations to make contractual future payments, such as debt and lease agreements, and certain contingent commitments as of january 31, 2018:
capital lease and financing obligations(2)       9,930               1,039                   1,929                   1,539                   5,423
non-cancelable operating leases(3)              15,366               1,933                   3,250                   2,539                   7,644
trade and stand-by letters of credit             2,626               2,626                       -                       -                       -
(1)   "long-term debt" includes the fair value of our derivatives designated as fair value hedges.
(2)   "capital lease and financing obligations" includes executory costs and imputed interest related to capital lease and financing obligations that are not yet recorded. refer to note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information.
(3)   represents minimum contractual obligation for non-cancelable leases with initial or remaining terms greater than 12 months as of january 31, 2018.
additionally, the company has $12.5 billion in undrawn committed lines of credit in the u.s. and approximately $4.0 billion of undrawn committed lines of credit outside of the u.s. which, if drawn upon, would be included in the current liabilities section of the company's consolidated balance sheets.
estimated interest payments are based on our principal amounts and expected maturities of all debt outstanding at january 31, 2018, and assumes interest rates remain at current levels for our variable rate debt.
purchase obligations include legally binding contracts, such as firm commitments for inventory and utility purchases, as well as commitments to make capital expenditures, software acquisition and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. for the purposes of this table, contractual obligations for the purchase of goods or services are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. contracts that specify the company will purchase all or a portion of its requirements of a specific product or service from a supplier, but do not include a fixed or minimum quantity, are excluded from the table above. additionally, purchase orders for inventory are not included in the table above as purchase orders represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. our purchase orders are based on our current inventory needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time periods. we also enter into contracts for outsourced services; however, the obligations under these contracts are not significant and the contracts generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
the expected timing for payment discussed above is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.
in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, $1.0 billion of unrecognized tax benefits are considered uncertain tax positions and have been recorded as liabilities. the timing of the payment, if any, associated with these liabilities is uncertain. refer to note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of unrecognized tax benefits.
off balance sheet arrangements as of january 31, 2018, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
other matters we discuss our existing fcpa investigation and related matters, including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. we also discuss various legal proceedings related to the fcpa investigation in item 3 herein under the caption "part i, item 3. legal proceedings," under the sub-caption "ii. certain other proceedings." we discuss the "equal value" claims against our united kingdom subsidiary, asda stores, ltd., including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. we discuss the national prescription opiate litigation including certain risks arising therefrom, in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k under the caption "risk factors" and under the sub-caption "legal proceedings" in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, which is captioned "contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein.
summary of critical accounting estimates management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and require us to use technical terminology. in preparing the company's consolidated financial statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. these principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reflected in our financial statements. these judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. actual results may differ from our estimates.
management continually reviews our accounting policies, how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. following is a summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the financial statements.
inventories we value inventories at the lower of cost or market as determined primarily by the retail inventory method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method for walmart u.s. segment's inventories. the inventory at the walmart international segment is valued primarily by the retail inventory method of accounting, using the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method. the retail inventory method of accounting results in inventory being valued at the lower of cost or market, since permanent markdowns are immediately recorded as a reduction of the retail value of inventory. the inventory at the sam's club segment is valued using the weighted-average cost lifo method.
under the retail method of accounting, inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to each merchandise grouping's retail value. the fifo cost-to-retail ratio is generally based on the fiscal year purchase activity. the cost-to-retail ratio for measuring any lifo provision is based on the initial margin of the fiscal year purchase activity less the impact of any permanent markdowns. the retail method of accounting requires management to make certain judgments and estimates that may significantly impact the ending inventory valuation at cost, as well as the amount of gross profit recognized. judgments made include recording markdowns used to sell inventory and shrinkage. when management determines the ability to sell inventory has diminished, markdowns for clearance activity and the related cost impact are recorded. factors considered in the determination of markdowns include current and anticipated demand, customer preferences and age of merchandise, as well as seasonal and fashion trends. changes in weather and customer preferences could also cause changes in the amount and timing of markdowns from year to year.
when necessary, we record a lifo provision for the estimated annual effect of inflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end. our lifo provision is calculated based on inventory levels, markup rates and internally generated retail price indices. as a measure of sensitivity, a 1% increase to our retail price indices would not have resulted in a decrease to the carrying value of inventory. at january 31, 2018 and 2017, our inventories valued at lifo approximated those inventories as if they were valued at fifo.
we provide for estimated inventory losses, or shrinkage, between physical inventory counts on the basis of a historical percentage of sales. following annual inventory counts, the provision is adjusted to reflect updated historical results. historically, our estimated inventory losses have been materially accurate when compared to annual inventory counts and we expect that trend to continue.
impairment of assets we evaluate long-lived assets, other than goodwill and assets with indefinite lives, for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. management's judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and financial performance. the evaluation of long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally at the individual store level. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events and changes in
demographics. thus, our accounting estimates may change from period to period. these factors could cause management to conclude that indicators of impairment exist and require impairment tests be performed, which could result in management determining the value of long-lived assets is impaired, resulting in a write-down of the related long-lived assets. although impairment charges for fiscal 2018 were $1.4 billion, these charges primarily related to restructuring activities described in note 14, as well as discontinued real estate projects in the u.s. and decisions to exit certain international properties. impairment charges not related to restructuring activities or decisions to exit properties for fiscal 2018 were not material and would not change materially with a 10% decrease in the undiscounted cash flows for the stores with indicators of impairment. additionally, total impairment charges for fiscal 2017 were not material.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the value of a certain asset may be impaired. generally, this evaluation begins with a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative impairment test is necessary. if we determine, after performing an assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the reporting unit substantially in excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a quantitative impairment test would be performed. the quantitative test for impairment requires management to make judgments relating to future cash flows, growth rates and economic and market conditions. these evaluations are based on determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset using a valuation method such as discounted cash flow or a relative, market-based approach. historically, our reporting units and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets have generated sufficient returns to recover the cost of goodwill and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets. because of the nature of the factors used in these tests, if different conditions occur in future periods, future operating results could be materially impacted. for approximately $300 million of certain acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, the fair value approximated the carrying value; any deterioration in the fair value may result in an impairment charge.
income taxes income taxes have a significant effect on our net earnings. we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. accordingly, the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. our effective income tax rate is affected by many factors, including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, increases and decreases in valuation allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix of earnings among our u.s. and international operations where the statutory rates are generally lower than the u.s. statutory rate, and may fluctuate as a result.
our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. the benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from taxing authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. we account for uncertain tax positions by determining the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. this determination requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items.
deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized. many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of future taxable income, carryforward periods and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. the recoverability of the deferred tax assets is evaluated by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. this evaluation relies heavily on estimates.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") was enacted and contains significant changes to u.s. income tax law. effective in 2018, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent and creates new taxes on foreign-sourced earnings and related-party payments. in addition, the company was subject to a one-time transition tax in fiscal 2018 on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to u.s. income tax.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, the company recorded a net tax benefit of $0.2 billion related to the enactment of the tax act. the benefit primarily related to the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities considering the tax act's newly enacted tax rates and is net of the tax act's one-time transition tax on previously unremitted earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. as discussed in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements, as the company collects and prepares necessary data, and interprets the tax act and any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies, the company may make adjustments to the provisional amounts. those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made. the accounting for the tax effects of the tax act is provisional and will be completed by the measurement period provided in staff accounting bulletin no. 118.