item 1a.   risk factors.
you should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements and historical trends.
food safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
food-borne illnesses, such as e. coli, trichinosis, listeria and salmonella, occur or may occur within our system from time to time.  in addition, food safety issues such as food tampering, contamination and adulteration occur or may occur within our system from time to time. any report or publicity linking us or one of our concepts' restaurants, including restaurants operated by us or our concepts' franchisees, or linking our competitors or our industry generally, to instances of food-borne illness or food safety issues could adversely affect our concepts' brands and reputations as well as our revenues and profits, and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation and damages.  if a customer of one of our concepts becomes ill as a result of food safety issues, restaurants in our system may be temporarily closed, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, instances or allegations of food-borne illness or food safety issues, real or perceived, involving our restaurants, restaurants of competitors, or suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), or otherwise involving the types of food served at our restaurants, could result in negative publicity that could adversely affect our sales or the sales of our concepts' franchisees. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our concepts' franchisees.
health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, including various strains of avian flu or swine flu, such as h1n1. the occurrence of such an outbreak of an epidemic, illness or other adverse public health developments could materially disrupt our business and operations. such events could also significantly impact our industry and cause a temporary closure of restaurants, which would severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations could be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having the avian flu or swine flu, or other illnesses such as hepatitis a or norovirus, since this could require us or our business partners to quarantine some or all of such employees or disinfect our restaurant facilities. outbreaks of avian flu occur from time to time around the world, and such outbreaks have resulted in confirmed human cases. it is possible that outbreaks could reach pandemic levels.  public concern over avian flu generally may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, which could cause customers to consume less poultry and related products. because poultry is a menu offering for our concepts, this would likely result in lower revenues and profits for us and our concepts' franchisees. avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact our profit margins and revenues.
furthermore, other viruses may be transmitted through human contact, and the risk of contracting viruses could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places, which could adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants.  we could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations of restaurants.  even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may affect our business.
our operating results and growth strategies are closely and increasingly tied to the success of our concepts' franchisees.
a significant and growing portion of our restaurants are operated by our concepts' franchisees. in 2016, we announced our plan to become at least 98% franchised by the end of 2018. our refranchising efforts have increased, and will continue to increase, our dependence on the financial success and cooperation of our concepts' franchisees. in addition, our long-term system sales growth targets depend on an acceleration of our historical net system unit growth rate. nearly all of this unit growth is expected to result from new unit openings by our concepts' franchisees. if our concepts' franchisees do not meet our expectations for new unit development, we may fall short of our system sales growth targets.
we have limited control over how our concepts' franchisees' businesses are run, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased royalty payments. if our concepts' franchisees incur too much debt, if their operating expenses or commodity prices increase or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to operate profitably or repay existing debt, it could result in their financial distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy.  if a significant franchisee of one of our concepts becomes, or a significant number of our concepts' franchisees in the aggregate become, financially distressed, our operating results could be impacted through reduced or delayed royalty payments and reduced new unit development. in addition, we are contingently liable on certain of our concepts' franchisees' lease agreements, including lease agreements that we have guaranteed or assigned to franchisees in connection with the refranchising of certain company-owned restaurants. our operating results could be impacted by any increased rent obligations for such leased properties to the extent our concepts' franchisees default on such lease agreements.
our success also depends on the willingness and ability of our concepts' franchisees to implement major initiatives such as restaurant remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment. our concepts may be unable to successfully implement strategies that we believe are necessary for further growth if their franchisees do not participate, which in turn may harm the growth prospects and financial condition of the company. additionally, the failure of our concepts' franchisees to focus on the fundamentals of restaurant operations, such as quality service and cleanliness (even if such failures do not rise to the level of breaching the related franchise documents), could have a negative impact on our business.
we may not successfully implement our transformation initiatives or fully realize the anticipated benefits from the transformation.
we are in the process of implementing our strategic transformation plans to drive global expansion of our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands. among other things, this transformation includes a plan to become at least 98% franchised by the end of 2018 and to significantly reduce annual capital expenditures and our general and administrative costs, each by the end of 2019. we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement our transformation initiatives. further, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of this transformation, including the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency, within expected timeframes is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are, in turn, subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. there is no assurance that we will successfully implement, or fully realize the anticipated positive impact of, our transformation initiatives, or execute successfully on our transformation strategy, in the expected timeframes or at all. in addition, there can be no assurance that our efforts, if properly executed, will result in our desired outcome of improved financial performance.
we have significant exposure to the chinese market through our largest franchisee, yum china, which subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
in connection with the separation, we entered into a master license agreement with yum china pursuant to which yum china is the exclusive licensee of the kfc, pizza hut and taco bell concepts and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in china. following the separation, yum china became, and continues to be, our largest franchisee. as a result, our overall financial results are significantly affected by yum china's results. yum china's business is exposed to risks in china, which include, among others, changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), consumer preferences, and the regulatory environment, as well as increased media scrutiny of our concepts and industry, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and increased competition.  further, any significant or prolonged deterioration in u.s.-china relations could adversely affect our concepts in china if chinese consumers reduce the frequency of their visits to yum china's restaurants.   chinese law regulates yum china's business conducted within china. our royalty income from the yum china business is therefore subject to numerous uncertainties based on the policies of the chinese government, as they may change from time to time.
our relationship with yum china is governed by a master license agreement, which may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the insolvency or bankruptcy of yum china. in addition, if we are unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in china, if yum china is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under the master license agreement, or if the master license agreement is otherwise terminated, it could result in an interruption in the operation of our brands that have been exclusively licensed to yum china for use in china. such interruption could cause a delay in, or loss of, royalty income to us, which would negatively impact our financial results.
our international operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
a significant portion of our concepts' restaurants are operated in countries and territories outside of the u.s., including in emerging markets, and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations.  as a result, our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations.  these risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political instability, corruption, anti-american sentiment and social and ethnic unrest, as well as changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), the regulatory environment, income and non-income based tax rates and laws, sanctions, foreign exchange control regimes, consumer preferences and the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our restaurants are operated. in addition, our franchisees do business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes and such sanctions could be expanded. any failure to comply with such sanction regimes or other similar laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of business licenses, or a cessation of operations at our franchisees' businesses, as well as damage to our and our concepts' brands' images and reputations, all of which could harm our profitability.
foreign currency risks and foreign exchange controls could adversely affect our financial results.
our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings.  more specifically, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies, such as the chinese renminbi ("rmb"), australian dollar, the british pound and the euro, as well as currencies in certain other markets, such as the malaysian ringgit and russian ruble, could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings. there can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in addition, the chinese government restricts the convertibility of rmb into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of china. yum china's income is almost exclusively derived from the earnings of its chinese subsidiaries, with substantially all revenues of its chinese subsidiaries denominated in rmb. any significant fluctuation in the value of the rmb could materially impact the u.s. dollar value of royalty payments made to us by yum china, which could result in lower revenues. in addition restrictions on the conversion of rmb to u.s. dollars or further restrictions on the remittance of currency out of china could result in delays in the remittance of yum china's license fee, which could impact our liquidity.
failure to protect the integrity and security of personal information of our customers and employees could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and damage our reputation.
we receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees and franchisees. in addition, our vendors and/or franchisees receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our employees and customers. the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, as well as by certain third-party contracts. if our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyber-attack or a network security incident or if our employees, franchisees or vendors fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could result in liabilities and penalties and could damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs and result in a loss of customer confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we could be subject to litigation and government enforcement actions as a result of any such failure.
further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries where we, our concepts and our concepts' franchisees do business. for example, the european union adopted a new regulation that becomes effective in may 2018, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. our failure to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate processes to adhere to the requirements of gdpr and other laws and regulations in this area could result in financial penalties, legal liability and could damage our and our concepts' brands' reputations.
there are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms to maintain and grow sales. in addition, aspects of our information technology systems may experience disruptions, which could harm our ability to compete and conduct our business.
customers are increasingly using e-commerce websites and apps, both domestically and internationally, like pizzahut.com, pizza hut, kfc and taco bell apps, as well as apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators such as grubhub and third-party mobile payment processors, to order and pay for our concepts' products. as a result, our concepts and our concepts' franchisees are increasingly reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel. these digital ordering and payment platforms could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage or acts of god. in particular, pizza hut relies on digital orders for a significant portion of its sales and could experience interruptions of its digital ordering platforms, which could limit or delay customers' ability to order through such platforms. any such limitation or delay would negatively impact pizza hut's sales and customer experience and perception. in addition, if pizza hut's digital ordering platforms do not meet customers' expectations in terms of security, speed, attractiveness, or ease of use, customers may be less inclined to return to such digital ordering platforms, which could negatively impact our sales, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, yum china, our largest franchisee, relies heavily on third-party mobile payment apps such as alipay and wechat as a means through which to generate sales and process payments. should customers become unable to access mobile payment apps in china, or should the relationship between yum china and one or more third-party mobile payment processors become interrupted, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could adversely impact our business.
in recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. the rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. the dissemination of information via social media could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy. the damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
in addition, social media is frequently used by our concepts to communicate with their respective customers and the public in general. failure by our concepts to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared to our concepts' respective competitors, could lead to a decline in brand value, customer visits and revenue. other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our concepts' brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. the inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues.
the products sold by our concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. we, along with our concepts' franchisees, are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices.  shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our concepts' restaurants could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of items we use and the operations of our restaurants.  such shortages or disruptions could be caused by inclement weather, natural disasters, inaccurate forecasting of customer demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports, the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers' or distributors' failure to meet our standards, product quality issues, inflation, other factors relating to the suppliers and distributors and the countries in which they are located, food safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms, or other conditions beyond our control or the control of our concepts' franchisees.  in the u.s., the company, along with representatives of the company's kfc, pizza hut and taco bell franchisee groups, are members of restaurant supply chain solutions, llc ("rscs"), which is responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. any failure or inability of rscs to perform its purchasing obligations could result in shortages or interruptions in the availability of food and other supplies.
a shortage or interruption in the availability of certain food products or supplies could increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to restaurant operations, which in turn could lead to restaurant closures and/or a decrease in sales.  in addition, failure by a key supplier or distributor for our concepts and/or our concepts' franchisees to meet its service requirements could lead to a disruption of service or supply until a new supplier or distributor is engaged, and any disruption could have an adverse effect on our business.
we may not achieve our target development goals, aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales and new restaurants may not be profitable.
our growth strategy depends on our and our concepts' franchisees' ability to increase our net restaurant count in markets around the world, especially in emerging markets.  the successful development of new units depends in large part on the ability of our concepts' franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably.  we cannot guarantee that we, or our concepts' franchisees, including yum china, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably.  further, there is no assurance that any new restaurant will produce operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants.  other risks that could impact our ability to increase the number of our restaurants include prevailing economic conditions and trade or economic sanctions and our, or our concepts' franchisees', ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner, hire and train qualified restaurant crews and meet construction schedules.
expansion into target markets could also be affected by our concepts' franchisees' ability to obtain financing to construct and open new restaurants.  if it becomes more difficult or more expensive for our concepts' franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, the expected growth of our system could slow and our future revenues and operating cash flows could be adversely impacted.
in addition, the development of new restaurants could impact the sales of our concepts' existing restaurants nearby.  there can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets.
labor shortages or difficulty finding qualified employees could slow our growth, harm our business and reduce our profitability.
restaurant operations are highly service-oriented and our success depends in part upon our and our concepts' franchisees' ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including restaurant managers and other crew members. the market for qualified employees in our industry is very competitive. any future inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our concepts' franchisees and could adversely impact operation of our concepts' existing restaurants. any such delays, material increases in employee turnover rate in existing restaurants or widespread employee dissatisfaction could have a material adverse effect on our and our concepts' franchisees' business and results of operations.
in addition, strikes, work slowdowns or other job actions may become more common. in the event of a strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff our concepts' restaurants could be impaired, which could result in reduced revenue and customer claims, and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities.
changes in labor and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
an increase in the costs of employee wages, benefits and insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property and health) as well as other operating costs such as rent and energy costs could adversely affect our operating results.  such increases could result from government imposition of higher minimum wages or from general economic or competitive conditions. any increase in such operating expenses could adversely affect our and our concepts' franchisees' profit margins. in addition, competition for qualified employees could also compel us or our concepts' franchisees to pay higher wages to attract or retain key crew members, which could result in higher labor costs and decreased profitability.
the standard for determining joint employer status could adversely affect our business operations and increase our liabilities resulting from actions by our concepts' franchisees.
the national labor relations board's (the "nlrb") standard for determining when two or more otherwise unrelated employers may be found to be a joint employer of the same employees under the national labor relations act is uncertain and subject to change. in addition, the general counsel's office of the nlrb has issued complaints naming mcdonald's corporation as a joint employer of workers at its franchisees for alleged violations of the u.s. fair labor standards act. the nlrb's joint employer liability standard could cause us or our concepts to be liable or held responsible for unfair labor practices, violations of wage and hour laws, and other violations and could also require our concepts to conduct collective bargaining negotiations regarding employees of our concepts' franchisees. further, there is no assurance that we or our concepts will not receive similar complaints as mcdonald's corporation in the future, which could result in legal proceedings based on the actions of our concepts' franchisees. in such events, our operating expenses may increase as a result of required modifications to our business practices, increased litigation, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil liability.
an increase in food prices may have an adverse impact on our and our concepts' franchisees' profit margins.
our and our concepts' franchisees' businesses depend on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as proteins (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). raw materials purchased for use in our concepts' restaurants are subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as weather conditions or natural events or disasters that affect expected harvests of such raw materials. as a result, the historical prices of raw materials used in the operation of our concepts' restaurants have fluctuated. we cannot assure you that we or our concepts' franchisees will continue to be able to purchase raw materials at reasonable prices, or that the cost of raw materials will remain stable in the future. in addition, a significant increase in gasoline prices could result in the imposition of fuel surcharges by our distributors.
because we and our concepts' franchisees provide competitively priced food, we may not have the ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of any commodity price increases. if we and our concepts' franchisees are unable to manage the cost of raw materials or to increase the prices of products proportionately, our and our franchisees' profit margins may be adversely impacted.
although we monitor and regulate franchisee activities through our concepts' franchise agreements, franchisees or other third parties may refer to or make statements about our concepts' brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our concepts' brands or place our concepts' brands in a context that may tarnish their reputation. this may result in dilution of, or harm to, our intellectual property or the value of our concepts' brands.
franchisee noncompliance with the terms and conditions of our franchise agreements may reduce the overall goodwill of our concepts' brands, whether through the failure to meet health and safety standards, engage in quality control or maintain product consistency, or through the participation in improper or objectionable business practices. moreover, unauthorized third parties, including our concepts' current and former franchisees, may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our concepts' brands, resulting in consumer confusion or dilution. any reduction of our concepts' brands' goodwill, consumer confusion, or dilution is likely to impact sales, and could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands.
our success depends in large part upon our ability and our concepts' franchisees' ability to maintain and enhance the value of our brands and our customers' loyalty to our brands.  brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. business incidents, whether isolated or recurring, and whether originating from us, franchisees, competitors, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce brand value and consumer trust, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation.  for example, our concepts' brands could be damaged by claims or perceptions about the quality or safety of our products or the quality or reputation of our suppliers, distributors or franchisees, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are true. similarly, entities in our supply chain may engage in conduct, including alleged human rights abuses or environmental wrongdoing, and any such conduct could damage our or our concepts' brands' reputations. any such incidents (even if resulting from actions of a competitor or franchisee) could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or the perception of, our concepts' brands and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, which would likely result in lower revenues and profits. additionally, our corporate reputation could suffer from a real or perceived failure of corporate governance or misconduct by a company officer, or an employee or representative of us or a franchisee.
we could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies.
we are regularly involved in legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, real estate related, tort, intellectual property, breach of contract, securities, derivative and other litigation. see the discussion of legal proceedings in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this form 10-k. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may not be accurately estimated.  regardless of whether any such claims have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or settle, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert resources and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact reported earnings.  with respect to insured claims, a judgment for monetary damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.  any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the restaurant industry around the world has been subject to claims that relate to the nutritional content of food products, as well as claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to customer health issues, including weight gain and other adverse effects. these concerns could lead to an increase in the regulation of the content or marketing of our products. we may also be subject to such claims in the future and, even if we are not, publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick service and fast-casual segments of the retail food industry) may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in, or noncompliance with, governmental regulations may adversely affect our business operations, growth prospects or financial condition.
our concepts and their franchisees are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world. these laws change regularly and are increasingly complex. for example, we are subject to:
•   the americans with disabilities act in the u.s. and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas.
•   the u.s. fair labor standards act, which governs matters such as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions, as well as family leave mandates and a variety of similar state laws that govern these and other employment law matters.
•   laws and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the patient protection and affordable care act.
•   laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product marketing and menu labeling.
•   laws and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including laws prohibiting the use of certain "hazardous equipment" by employees younger than the age of 18 years of age, and fire safety and prevention.
•   laws relating to information security, privacy (including the european union's gdpr, which will become effective in may 2018), cashless payments, and consumer protection.
•   laws relating to currency conversion or exchange.
•   environmental laws and regulations.
compliance with new or existing laws and regulations could impact our or our concepts' franchisees' operations. the compliance costs associated with these laws and regulations could be substantial. any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations could adversely affect our reputation, international expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. publicity relating to any such noncompliance could also harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues.
failure to comply with anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business operations.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the uk bribery act and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices are the subject of increasing emphasis and enforcement around the world. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, agents or other third parties will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, particularly as we expand our operations in emerging markets and elsewhere. any such violations or suspected violations could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial fines and significant investigation costs, and could also materially damage our reputation, brands, international expansion efforts and growth prospects, business and operating results. publicity relating to any noncompliance or alleged noncompliance could also harm our reputation and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
tax matters, including changes in tax rates or laws, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, withholding and franchise taxes in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. we are also subject to ongoing and/or regular reviews, examinations and audits by the u.s. internal revenue service ("irs") and other taxing authorities with respect to such income and non-income based taxes inside and outside of the u.s. in connection with the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting project, companies are now required to disclose more information to tax authorities on their global operations, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. our accruals for tax liabilities are based on past experience, interpretations of applicable law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities, but because such accruals require significant judgment the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater than the amounts accrued. if the irs or another taxing authority disagrees with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties.  payment of additional amounts upon final settlement or adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
in addition, we are directly and indirectly affected by new tax laws and regulation and the interpretation of tax laws and regulations worldwide. changes in laws, regulation or interpretation of existing laws and regulations in the u.s. and other jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive federal tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "tax act") which significantly modifies the u.s. corporate income tax system. due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, we have made reasonable estimates of its effects and recorded provisional amounts for the year ended december 31, 2017, consistent with applicable sec guidance. (see details of the charge we recorded upon enactment of the tax act in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this form 10-k.) these provisional amounts include a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings, the remeasurement of certain net deferred tax assets and liabilities and the establishment of a valuation allowance on our foreign tax credits. we are continuing to evaluate the tax act and its requirements, as well as its application to our business and its impact on our ongoing effective tax rate. the final impacts of the tax act may differ from current estimates and provisional amounts recorded, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations of the tax act, changes in accounting standards for income taxes or related accounting interpretations in response to the tax act, or updates or changes to estimates the company has utilized to calculate the provisional impacts.
the yum china spin-off and certain related transactions could result in substantial u.s. tax liability.
we received opinions of outside counsel substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the yum china spin-off and certain related transactions qualified as generally tax-free under sections 355 and 361 of the u.s. internal revenue code. the opinions relied on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations as to factual matters and undertakings (including with respect to future conduct) made by yum china and us. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on these opinions of outside counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of outside counsel, the conclusions reached in the tax opinions may be challenged by the irs. because the opinions are not binding on the irs or the courts, there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts will not prevail in any such challenge.
if, notwithstanding receipt of any opinion, the irs were to conclude that the yum china spin-off was taxable, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the yum china common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. in addition, each u.s. holder of our common stock who received shares of yum china common stock in connection with the spin-off transaction would generally be treated as having received a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of yum china common stock received. that distribution would be taxable to each such u.s. stockholder as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. for each such u.s. stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such stockholder's tax basis in our shares of common stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain.
the yum china spin-off may be subject to china indirect transfer tax.
in february 2015, the chinese state administration of taxation ("sat") issued the bulletin on several issues of enterprise income tax on income arising from indirect transfers of property by non-resident enterprises ("bulletin 7"). pursuant to bulletin 7, an "indirect transfer" of chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a china resident enterprise ("chinese interests"), by a non-resident enterprise, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor has avoided payment of chinese enterprise income tax. using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the sat may treat an indirect transfer as a direct transfer of chinese interests if the transfer has avoided chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. as a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10% of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a china resident enterprise.
we evaluated the potential applicability of bulletin 7 in connection with the separation in the form of a tax free restructuring and believe it is more likely than not that bulletin 7 does not apply. we believe that the restructuring has reasonable commercial purpose.
however, there are significant uncertainties regarding what constitutes a reasonable commercial purpose, how the safe harbor provisions for group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the chinese tax authorities will ultimately view the spin-off. as a result, our position could be challenged by the chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax at a rate of 10% assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of yum china. as our tax basis in yum china was minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.
failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.
we regard our yum®, kfc®, pizza hut® and taco bell® service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. we rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect our restaurants and services from infringement. we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. however, from time to time we become aware of names and marks identical or confusingly similar to our service marks being used by other persons. although our policy is to oppose any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. in addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our concepts have, or intend to open or franchise, a restaurant. there can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources. we may also face claims of infringement that could interfere with the use of the proprietary know-how, concepts, recipes, or trade secrets used in our business. defending against such claims may be costly, and we may be prohibited from using such proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and general economic conditions.
purchases at our concepts' restaurants are discretionary for consumers and, therefore, our results of operations are susceptible to economic slowdowns and recessions. our results of operations are dependent upon discretionary spending by consumers, which may be affected by general economic conditions globally or in one or more of the markets we serve.  some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment rates, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, the price of gasoline, stock market performance and changes in the level of consumer confidence.  these and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.
the retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive.
the retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service, reputation, restaurant location, and attractiveness and maintenance of properties.  if consumer or dietary preferences change, if our marketing efforts are unsuccessful, or if our concepts' restaurants are unable to compete successfully with other retail food outlets in new and existing markets, our business could be adversely affected.  we also face growing competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes.  competition from delivery aggregators and other food delivery services has also increased in recent years, particularly in urbanized areas, and is expected to continue to increase. increased competition could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.
our substantial indebtedness makes us more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, may limit our ability to plan for or respond to significant changes in our business, and requires a significant amount of cash to service our debt payment obligations that we may be unable to generate or obtain.
in connection with the announcement of our strategic transformation plans, we have increased our indebtedness from approximately $4 billion to approximately $10 billion. the proceeds from the debt were primarily used to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. subject to the limits contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, we may be able to incur additional debt from time to time, which would intensify the risks related to our high level of indebtedness.
specifically, our high level of indebtedness could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to:
•   increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to plan for and respond to, adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in our business and the competitive environment;
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases or other corporate purposes;
•   increasing our vulnerability to a further downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets;
•   restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
•   placing us at a disadvantage compared to other less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates;
•   increasing our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as current and future borrowings are subject to variable rates of interest;
•   making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance or satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
•   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future and increasing the cost of any such borrowing;
•   imposing restrictive covenants on our operations, which, if not complied with, could result in an event of default, which in turn, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the applicable debt, and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies; and
•   increasing our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and our debt is denominated in u.s. dollars.
there is no assurance that we will generate cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financings will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. if our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operation in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in amounts sufficient to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. as a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction and overview the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a"), should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements ("financial statements") in item 8 and the forward-looking statements and the risk factors set forth in item 1a.  all note references herein refer to the notes to the financial statements. tabular amounts are displayed in millions of u.s. dollars except per share and unit count amounts, or as otherwise specifically identified. unless otherwise stated, financial results herein reflect continuing operations of the company. percentages may not recompute due to rounding.
yum! brands, inc. ("yum" or the "company") operates or franchises a worldwide system of over 45,000 restaurants in more than 135 countries and territories, under the concepts of kfc, pizza hut and taco bell (collectively, the "concepts"). these three concepts are global leaders of the chicken, pizza and mexican-style food categories, respectively.  of the over 45,000 restaurants, 3% are operated by the company and its subsidiaries and 97% are operated by franchisees.
as of december 31, 2017, yum consists of three operating segments:
•   the kfc division which includes our worldwide operations of the kfc concept
•   the pizza hut division which includes our worldwide operations of the pizza hut concept
•   the taco bell division which includes our worldwide operations of the taco bell concept on october 31, 2016 (the "distribution date"), we completed the spin-off of our china business (the "separation") into an independent, publicly-traded company under the name of yum china holdings, inc. ("yum china"). concurrent with the separation, a subsidiary of the company entered into a master license agreement with a subsidiary of yum china for the exclusive right to use and sublicense the use of intellectual property owned by yum and its affiliates for the development and operation of kfc, pizza hut and taco bell restaurants in china. prior to the separation, our operations in mainland china were reported in our former china division segment results. as a result of the separation, the results of operations and cash flows of the separated business are presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of cash flows for periods prior to the separation. see additional information related to the impact of the separation in note 4.
on october 11, 2016, we announced our strategic transformation plans to drive global expansion of our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands ("yum's strategic transformation initiatives") following the separation. major features of the company's transformation and growth strategy involve being more focused, franchised and efficient. yum's strategic transformation initiatives below represent the continuation of yum's transformation of its operating model and capital structure.
•   more focused. four growth drivers form the basis of yum's strategic plans and repeatable business model to accelerate same-store sales growth and net-new restaurant development at kfc, pizza hut and taco bell around the world over the long term. the company is focused on becoming best-in-class in:
•   developing unmatched franchise operating capability
•   driving bold restaurant development
•   growing unrivaled culture and talent
•   more franchised. yum intends franchise restaurant ownership to be at least 98% by the end of 2018.
•   more efficient. the company is revamping its financial profile, improving the efficiency of its organization and cost structure globally, by:
•   reducing annual capital expenditures to approximately $100 million in 2019;
•   lowering general and administrative expenses ("g&amp;a") to 1.7% of system sales in 2019; and
•   maintaining an optimized capital structure of ~5.0x earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") leverage.
from 2017 through 2019, we intend to return an additional $6.5 - $7.0 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. we intend to fund these shareholder returns through a combination of refranchising proceeds, free cash flow generation and maintenance of our five times ebitda leverage. we anticipate generating proceeds in excess of $2 billion, net of tax, through our refranchising initiatives. refer to the liquidity and capital resources section of this md&a for additional details.
beginning in 2017, we changed our fiscal year from a year ending on the last saturday of december to a year beginning on january 1 and ending on december 31 of each year. concurrently, we removed the reporting lags from the fiscal calendars of our international subsidiaries. our md&a has been recast to reflect the change in our reporting calendar. see notes 2 and 5 for additional details related to our fiscal calendar.
we intend for this md&a to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our results of operations, including performance metrics that management uses to assess the company's performance. throughout this md&a, we commonly discuss the following performance metrics:
•   same-store sales growth is the estimated percentage change in sales of all restaurants that have been open and in the yum system for one year or more.
•   net new units represents new unit openings, offset by store closures.
•   company restaurant profit ("restaurant profit") is defined as company sales less expenses incurred directly by our company-owned restaurants in generating company sales. company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales is defined as restaurant profit divided by company sales. within the company sales and restaurant profit sections of this md&amp;a, store portfolio actions represent the net impact of new unit openings, acquisitions, refranchising and store closures, and other primarily represents the impact of same-store sales as well as the impact of changes in costs such as inflation/deflation.
•   operating margin is operating profit divided by total revenues.
in addition to the results provided in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap"), the company provides the following non-gaap measurements.
•   system sales, system sales excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation ("fx"), and system sales excluding fx and the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. system sales include the results of all restaurants regardless of ownership, including company-owned and franchise restaurants that operate our concepts. sales of franchise restaurants typically generate ongoing franchise and license fees for the company at a rate of 3% to 6% of sales. franchise restaurant sales are not included in company sales on the consolidated statements of income; however, the franchise and license fees are included in the company's revenues. we believe system sales growth is useful to investors as a significant indicator of the overall strength of our business as it incorporates all of our revenue drivers, company and franchise same-store sales as well as net unit growth.
•   core operating profit and core operating profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. core operating profit excludes special items and fx and we use core operating profit for the purposes of evaluating performance internally.
these non-gaap measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with gaap. rather, the company believes that the presentation of these non-gaap measurements provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations, excluding items that the company does not believe are indicative of our ongoing operations due to their size and/or nature.
special items are not included in any of our division segment results as our chief operating decision maker does not consider the impact of these items when assessing segment performance.
certain non-gaap measurements are presented excluding the impact of fx. these amounts are derived by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. we believe the elimination of the fx impact provides better year-to-year comparability without the distortion of foreign currency fluctuations.
we provide core operating profit excluding 53rd week and system sales excluding 53rd week to further enhance the comparability with the lapping of the 53rd week that was part of our fiscal calendar in 2016.
results of operations summary all comparisons within this summary are versus the same period a year ago and include the impact of lapping a 53rd week in 2016, unless otherwise noted.
2017 financial highlights:
% change system sales, ex fx      same-store sales      net new units      gaap operating profit      core operating profit kfc division         +6                       +3                    +4                 +13                        +12
results excluding 53rd week in 2016(% change)
system sales, ex fx                     core operating profit kfc division         +6                                      +14
•   during the year, we opened 1,407 net new units for 3% net new unit growth.
•   during the year, we refranchised 1,470 restaurants, including 828 kfc, 389 pizza hut and 253 taco bell units, for pre-tax proceeds of $1.8 billion. we recorded net refranchising gains of $1.1 billion in special items.
•   during the year, we repurchased 26.6 million shares totaling $1.9 billion at an average share price of $72.
restaurant profit                                      $618                $700                $709             (12   )                  (1   )
closures and impairment expenses                          3                                                      82                       8
operating profit                                     $2,761              $1,682              $1,434              64                      17
income from discontinued operations, net of tax         n/a                 625                 357              nm                      75
(a)   see note 3 for the number of shares used in these calculations.
performance metrics
system sales growth, reported                                         4
system sales growth, excluding fx system sales growth, excluding fx and 53rd week                       5           4
same-store sales growth                                               2           1
non-gaap items core operating profit growth                                          7          11
core operating profit growth, excluding 53rd week                     9           9
fiscal 2016 included a 53rd week for all of our u.s. businesses and certain of our non-u.s. businesses that report 13 four-week periods versus 12 months. see notes 2 and 5 for additional details related to our fiscal calendar. the following table summarizes the estimated impact of the 53rd week on revenues and operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2016:
operating profit franchise and license fees and income            $8                           $                             $                 $21
restaurant profit                                 6          1                             7                                   14
operating profit                                $11                          $5                           $12                 $28
non-gaap items non-gaap items, along with the reconciliation to the most comparable gaap financial measure, are presented below.
year detail of special items                                                                                                        2017                2016                2015
yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5)                                                                     (23   )             (67   )       -
costs associated with pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5)                                                  (31   )               -           -
special items income (expense) - operating profit                                                                         1,001                  35           (91         )
tax benefit (expense) on special items(a)                                                                                  (256   )              24           (4          )
special items income (expense), net of tax                                                                                 $288                 $33           $(95        )
reconciliation of gaap operating profit to core operating profit and core operating profit, excluding 53rd week consolidated gaap operating profit                                                                                                    $2,761              $1,682           $1,434
special items income (expense) - operating profit                                                                         1,001                  35           (91         )
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(b)                                                                     -                 (47   )       n/a core operating profit                                                                                                    $1,760              $1,694           $1,525
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                         n/a                  28           n/a core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                               $1,760              $1,666           $1,525
kfc division gaap operating profit                                                                                                      $981                $871           $835
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(b)                                                                     4                 (41   )       n/a core operating profit                                                                                                       977                 912                 835
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                         n/a                  11           n/a core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                 $977                $901           $835
pizza hut division gaap operating profit                                                                                                      $341                $367           $351
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(b)                                                                    (4   )              (7   )       n/a core operating profit                                                                                                       345                 374                 351
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                         n/a                   5           n/a core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                 $345                $369           $351
taco bell division gaap operating profit                                                                                                                  $619                $595                 $546
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(b)                                                                                 -                   1                  n/a core operating profit                                                                                                                   619                 594                  546
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                  12                  n/a core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                             $619                $582                 $546
reconciliation of diluted eps from continuing operations to diluted eps from continuing operations, excluding special items diluted eps from continuing operations                                                                                                $3.77               $2.54                $2.09
reconciliation of gaap effective tax rate to effective tax rate, excluding special items gaap effective tax rate                                                                                                                41.1   %            24.3    %            26.1   %
impact on tax rate as a result of special items(a)                                                                                     22.3   %            (2.0   )%             2.1   %
reconciliation of gaap company sales to system sales consolidated gaap company sales(d)                                                                                                                $3,572              $4,189               $4,336
system sales                                                                                                                         46,694              44,921               43,729
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)                                                                                              (90   )          (1,123    )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                                                                                                           46,784              46,044               43,729
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                 434                  n/a system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                                                            $46,784             $45,610              $43,729
system sales                                                                                                                         24,515              23,242               22,628
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)                                                                                              (28   )            (858    )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                                                                                                           24,543              24,100               22,628
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                 165                  n/a system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                                                            $24,543             $23,935              $22,628
system sales                                                                                                                         12,034              12,019               11,999
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)                                                                                              (66   )            (258    )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                                                                                                           12,100              12,277               11,999
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                 113                  n/a system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                                                            $12,100             $12,164              $11,999
system sales                                       10,145           9,660           9,102
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)   4                        $(7   )         n/a system sales, excluding fx                         10,141           9,667           9,102
impact of 53rd week                                   n/a             156             n/a system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week          $10,141          $9,511          $9,102
(a)   the tax benefit (expense) was determined based upon the impact of the nature, as well as the jurisdiction of the respective individual components within special items. in 2016, our tax rate on special items was favorably impacted by the recognition of capital loss carryforwards in anticipation of u.s. refranchising gains. in 2015, our tax rate on special items was unfavorably impacted by the non-deductibility of certain losses associated with international refranchising. see note 18.
(b)   the foreign currency impact on reported operating profit is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. when determining applicable core operating profit growth percentages, the core operating profit for the current year should be compared to the prior year operating profit, prior to adjustment for the prior year fx impact.
(c)   our 2017 effective tax rate excluding special items was lower than prior years due primarily to the inclusion of tax expense on the repatriation of certain foreign earnings in 2017 being included in the one-time special items charge referenced in (a) above. the majority of our foreign entities have a tax year-end of november 30. amounts repatriated from these foreign entities after november 30, 2017, which were significant due to the timing of international refranchising proceeds, were required to be taxed as part of the mandatory deemed repatriation tax in connection with the tax act. see note 18.
(d)   company sales represents sales from our company-operated stores as presented on our consolidated statements of income.
(e)   the foreign currency impact on system sales is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. when determining applicable system sales growth percentages, the system sales excluding fx for the current year should be compared to the prior year system sales prior to adjustment for the prior year fx impact.
kfc division the kfc division has 21,487 units, 81% of which are located outside the u.s. the kfc division has experienced significant unit growth in emerging markets, which comprised approximately 60% of both the division's units and profits, respectively, as of the end of 2017. additionally, 97% of the kfc division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2017.
system sales                                  $24,515             $23,242             $22,628                                                                6                                3                      7                           6
same-store sales growth (decline)                                                                         3                    n/a                                     n/a                    2                    n/a                                     n/a company sales                                  $1,928              $2,156              $2,191           (11    )               (12   )                     (11           )                   (2    )                 4                           3
restaurant profit                                $289                $317                $307            (9    )               (10   )                      (8           )                    3                      9                           7
operating profit                                 $981                $871                $835            13                     12                          14                                4                      9                           8
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                      (733   )                     93                    (22   )          (11   )              9                  (664   )
cost of labor                      (507   )                     69                    (16   )           (3   )              6                  (451   )
restaurant profit                  $317                       $(42         )          $16               $4                $(6     )            $289
cost of sales                      (751   )                    (10         )           (7   )           44                 (9     )            (733   )
cost of labor                      (511   )                     (3         )          (14   )           27                 (6     )            (507   )
restaurant profit                  $307                        $14                     $8             $(18   )             $6                  $317
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions was driven by refranchising, partially offset by international net new unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 4%, partially offset by higher commodity and labor costs.
in 2016, the increase in company sales associated with store portfolio actions was driven by international net new unit growth, partially offset by refranchising. the increase in restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions was driven by international net new unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 2%, partially offset by higher labor and commodity costs.
franchise and license fees and income in 2017, the increase in franchise and license fees and income, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by international net new unit growth, franchise same-store sales growth of 3%, refranchising and higher renewal and transfer fees.
in 2016, the increase in franchise and license fees and income, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and the 53rd week, was driven by international net new unit growth, franchise same-store sales growth of 2% and refranchising.
g&a in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, were driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives , including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, partially offset by higher incentive compensation.
in 2016, the increase in g&a, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and 53rd week, were driven by the impact of higher compensation costs due to increased headcount and wage inflation in international markets and higher incentive compensation.
operating profit in 2017, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by same-store sales growth, international net new unit growth, lower g&a and higher renewal and transfer fees, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and refranchising.
in 2016, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and 53rd week, was driven by international net new unit growth and same-store sales growth, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and advertising contributions associated with the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement.
pizza hut division the pizza hut division has 16,748 units, 55% of which are located outside the u.s. the pizza hut division operates as one brand that uses multiple distribution channels including delivery, dine-in and express (e.g. airports). emerging markets comprised approximately 35% of units and 40% of profits for the division as of the end of 2017. additionally, 99% of the pizza hut division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2017.
system sales                                  $12,034             $12,019             $11,999              -                                                                                      -                       2                           1
same-store sales growth (decline)                                                                            even                n/a                                     n/a                     (2    )                n/a                                     n/a company sales                                    $285                $493                $601            (42   )                 (42   )                     (41   )                            (18    )                (16   )                     (17           )
restaurant profit                                 $14                 $41                 $58            (63   )                 (63   )                     (62   )                            (31    )                (31   )                     (31           )
operating profit                                 $341                $367                $351             (7   )                  (6   )                      (5   )                              4                       6                           5
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                    (137   )                     56                (4        )      -                      2                 (83   )
cost of labor                    (156   )                     61                (1        )          1                  1                 (94   )
restaurant profit                 $41                       $(15         )      $(11      )      $-                   $(1     )           $14
cost of sales                    (167   )                     34                     (5   )          3                 (2     )          (137   )
cost of labor                    (187   )                     40                    (11   )          3                 (1     )          (156   )
restaurant profit                 $58                       $(13         )          $(5   )         $-                 $1                 $41
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales declines of 3% and higher commodity and labor costs, partially offset by lower property and casualty losses.
in 2016, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were higher labor costs and increased advertising spend in the u.s., partially offset by company same-store sales growth of 2%.
franchise and license fees and income in 2017, franchise and license fees income, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was even with prior year as the favorable impacts of refranchising and net new unit growth were offset by lower fees from expiring development agreements. franchise same-store sales were even.
in 2016, the increase in franchise and license fees income, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and 53rd week, was driven by net new unit growth, refranchising and higher fees from expiring development agreements, partially offset by franchise same-store sales declines of 2%.
g&a in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, partially offset by increased litigation costs.
in 2016, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and 53rd week, was driven by lower litigation settlement costs and legal fees and the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, partially offset by higher incentive compensation costs.
operating profit in 2017, the decrease in operating profit, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by increased advertising costs associated with the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement, partially offset by lower g&a.
in 2016, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and 53rd week, was driven by lower g&a and net new unit growth, partially offset by franchise same-store sales declines.
taco bell division the taco bell division has 6,849 units, 94% of which are in the u.s. as of the end of 2017, the company owns 10% of the taco bell units in the u.s., where the brand has historically achieved high restaurant margins and returns.
system sales                                  $10,145              $9,660              $9,102             5                      5                           7                               6                     6                          5
same-store sales growth                                                                                   4                    n/a                                     n/a                   2                   n/a                                    n/a company sales                                  $1,359              $1,540              $1,544           (12    )               (12   )                     (10           )                   -                     -                         (2           )
restaurant profit                                $305                $342                $344           (11    )               (11   )                      (9           )                   -                     -                         (3           )
operating profit                                 $619                $595                $546             4                      4                           6                               9                     9                          6
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                     (397   )                     50                    (15   )              6                  (356   )
cost of labor                     (443   )                     55                    (13   )              7                  (394   )
restaurant profit                 $342                       $(46         )          $16                $(7     )            $305
cost of sales                     (422   )                     11                   20                 (6     )            (397   )
cost of labor                     (427   )                     10                  (19   )             (7     )            (443   )
restaurant profit                 $344                        $(9         )         $-                 $7                  $342
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising, partially offset by net unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 3%, partially offset by higher labor costs, commodity cost inflation, and increased cost of sales associated with value offerings.
in 2016, the decrease in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions was driven by refranchising, partially offset by net new unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 1% and favorable commodity costs, partially offset by higher labor costs and store-level investments.
franchise and license fees and income in 2017, the increase in franchise and license fees and income, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by refranchising, franchise same-store sales growth of 4%, and net new unit growth.
in 2016, the increase in franchise and license fees and income, excluding the impact of the 53rd week, was driven by net new unit growth, franchise same-store sales growth of 2% and refranchising.
g&a in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, and lower litigation costs.
in 2016, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impact of the 53rd week, was driven by lapping the live más scholarship contribution and lower litigation costs.
operating profit in 2017, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by same-store sales growth, lower g&a and net new unit growth, partially offset by refranchising and higher restaurant operating costs.
in 2016, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impact of the 53rd week, was driven by same-store sales growth, net new unit growth and lower g&a, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and refranchising.
corporate and unallocated g&a in 2017, the decrease in corporate and unallocated g&a was driven by lower year-over-year spending associated with yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5), current year g&a reductions due to the impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives and lower year-over-year non-cash charges associated with the modification of executive income deferral ("eid") share-based compensation awards (see note 5), partially offset by charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5).
in 2016, the increase in corporate and unallocated g&a was driven by costs associated with yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5), non-cash charges associated with the modification of certain eid share-based compensation awards (see note 5 ) and higher incentive compensation costs, partially offset by lower professional and legal fees.
unallocated franchise and license fees and income in 2017, unallocated franchise and license fees and income primarily reflects charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement . see note 5.
unallocated franchise and license expenses unallocated franchise and license expenses reflect charges related to the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement and/or pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement. see note 5.
in 2017, unallocated other income (expense) primarily includes foreign exchange gains (losses). see note 8.
in 2016, unallocated other income (expense) primarily includes write-downs related to our decision to dispose of our corporate aircraft and foreign exchange gains (losses). see note 8.
in 2015, unallocated other income (expense) primarily includes foreign exchange gains (losses).
income from discontinued operations, net of tax the following table is a summary of the operating results of the china business which have been reflected in discontinued operations. see note 4 for additional information.
income tax (benefit) provision(c)                                            (65    )             164
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                              625                  357
(a)   includes yum china financial results from january 1, 2016 to october 31, 2016.
(b)   includes costs incurred to execute the separation of $68 million and $9 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. such costs primarily relate to transaction advisors, legal and other consulting fees.
(c)   during 2016, we recorded a tax benefit of $233 million related to previously recorded losses associated with our little sheep business. the tax benefit associated with these losses was able to be recognized as a result of legal entity restructuring completed in anticipation of the china spin-off.
significant known events, trends or uncertainties expected to impact future results strategic transformation initiatives impact we have refranchised a significant number of company-owned restaurants since the announcement of yum's strategic transformation initiatives in october 2016, and anticipate that additional, significant refranchising will occur in 2018. the impact on operating profit due to refranchising includes the loss of restaurant profit, which reflects the decrease in company sales, and the increase in franchise fees from restaurants that have been refranchised. we expect to reduce g&a, including reductions directly attributable to refranchising, such that upon completion of yum's strategic transformation initiatives in 2019, on an annual basis, the impact of lost operating profit from refranchising will be largely offset by g&a reductions we are making. however, we expect that operating profit will be negatively impacted throughout 2018 as certain g&a reductions lag the loss of operating profit due to refranchising. we expect the impact of refranchising, net of g&a reductions, to negatively impact core operating profit growth for 2018 by 6 to 7 percentage points.
gaap required change in accounting for revenue see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 2 for discussion of the expected impact of changes in gaap related to revenue recognition.
tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax act")
the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017 (see note 18 for discussion of the charge recorded upon enactment). the tax act significantly modifies the u.s. corporate income tax system by, among other things, reducing the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, limiting certain deductions, including limiting the deductibility of interest expense to 30% of u.s. earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), imposing a mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings and creating a territorial tax system that changes the manner in which future foreign earnings are subject to u.s. tax.
after considering the impacts of the tax act, we anticipate an ongoing effective tax rate of approximately 20-22% compared to our previous guidance of 26-27%. while we expect to benefit from the lower u.s. tax rate, we anticipate this benefit will be partially offset by the limitation on the deductibility of interest. the transition to a territorial tax system is expected to benefit our effective tax rate as a majority of our earnings are generated outside the u.s. however, this benefit is expected to be partially offset by taxes incurred under the global intangible low-taxed income provisions of the tax act. we currently expect that our 2018 effective tax rate will be slightly below the ongoing anticipated range noted above due to a delay in the applicability of the global intangible low-taxed income provision and increased 2018 ebitda in the u.s. due to our planned u.s. refranchising gains, which will lead to higher interest deductibility.
kfc united kingdom ("uk") supply availability issues on february 14, 2018 we and our franchisees transitioned to a new distributor for the food sold in our approximately 900 kfcs in the united kingdom and ireland (those restaurants accounted for approximately 3% of yum's global system sales in the year ended december 31, 2017). in connection with this transition, certain of these restaurants have experienced supply availability issues which have resulted in store closures or stores operating under a limited menu. these supply availability issues continue through the date of this filing, and it is difficult to predict with certainty when such issues may be resolved and all kfcs in the uk and ireland will be fully operational. while the impact of lost profits as a result of these closures and limited menus has not been material through the date of this filing, prolonged supply availability issues could have a material impact on our revenues. additionally, should the supply availability issues persist, our franchisees, suppliers and the distributor, whose affiliates also service kfcs located in other countries within europe, may experience financial distress or require credit support, which could further impact our results of operations.
consolidated cash flows net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $1,030 million in 2017 vs. $1,248 million in 2016. the decrease was primarily driven by an increase in interest payments and retirement and deferred compensation payouts to retirees, partially offset by an increase in operating profit before special items.
in 2016, net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $1,248 million compared to $1,260 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by an increase in interest payments, partially offset by a decrease in income tax payments.
net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations was $1,472 million in 2017 versus net cash used in investing activities of $4 million in 2016. the increase was primarily driven by higher proceeds from refranchising of restaurants and lower capital spending.
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $1,795 million in 2017 compared to $744 million in 2016. the increase was primarily driven by lower net borrowings, partially offset by lower share repurchases.
in 2016, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $744 million compared to $1,089 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by higher proceeds from net borrowings, partially offset by higher share repurchases.
consolidated financial condition cash and cash equivalents increased due to significant refranchising proceeds received late in the year ended december 31, 2017, as well as cash on hand to fund the march 2018 maturity of $325 million in yum senior unsecured notes.
the refranchising of company-operated stores drove decreases in restaurant-level assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, including within property, plant and equipment ("pp&e").
deferred income taxes decreased in connection with the tax charge we recorded upon enactment of the tax act (see note 18).
long-term debt increased during 2017 due to the issuance of $750 million of subsidiary senior unsecured notes, partially offset by the reclassification of $325 million of yum senior unsecured notes to short-term borrowings due to their march 2018 maturity date.
liquidity and capital resources in october 2016, we announced yum's strategic transformation initiatives to drive global expansion of the kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands following the separation on october 31, 2016. as part of this transformation we intend to own less than 1,000 stores by the end of 2018 and, by 2019, reduce annual recurring capital expenditures to approximately $100 million, improve our efficiency by lowering g&a to 1.7% of system sales and increase free cash flow conversion to 100%.
in 2017, we returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends and we remain committed to returning between $6.5 and $7.0 billion from 2017 to 2019. we intend to fund these shareholder returns through a combination of refranchising proceeds, free cash flow generation and maintenance of our five times ebitda leverage. we anticipate generating total proceeds in excess of $2 billion, net of tax, in connection with our refranchising initiatives.
we have historically generated substantial cash flows from the operations of our company-owned stores and from our extensive franchise operations, which require a limited yum investment. our annual operating cash flows from continuing operations have historically been in excess of $1 billion. going forward, we anticipate that any decrease in operating cash flows from the operation of fewer company-owned stores due to refranchising will be offset with savings generated from decreased capital investment and g&a required to support company operations. to the extent operating cash flows plus other sources of cash such as refranchising proceeds do not cover our anticipated cash needs, we maintain $1 billion of undrawn capacity under our existing revolving credit facility.
our balance sheet often reflects a working capital deficit, which is not uncommon in our industry and is also historically common for yum. company sales are paid in cash or by credit card (which is quickly converted into cash) and our royalty receivables from franchisees are generally due within 30 days of the period in which the related sales occur. substantial amounts of cash received have historically been either invested in new restaurant assets which are non-current in nature or returned to shareholders. as part of our working capital strategy, we negotiate favorable credit terms with vendors and, as a result, our on-hand inventory turns faster than the related short-term liabilities. accordingly, it is not unusual for current liabilities to exceed current assets. we believe such a deficit has no significant impact on our liquidity or operations.
debt instruments as of december 31, 2017, approximately 90%, including the impact of interest rate swaps, of our $9.8 billion of total debt outstanding is fixed with an effective overall interest rate of approximately 4.7%. we are managing a capital structure which is levered in-line with our target of approximately five times ebitda, and which we believe provides an attractive balance between optimized interest rates, duration and flexibility with diversified sources of liquidity and maturities spread over multiple years. we have credit ratings of bb (standard & poor's)/ba3 (moody's) with a balance sheet more consistent with highly-levered peer restaurant franchise companies. see note 11 for details of our financing activities supporting the return of capital initiative.
securitization notes. in may 2016, taco bell funding, llc, a newly formed special purpose subsidiary of the company, issued an aggregate of $2.3 billion of fixed rate senior secured notes ("class a-2 notes"). in connection with the issuance of the class a-2 notes, taco bell funding, llc also issued variable rate notes (the "variable funding notes" and, together with the class a-2 notes, the "securitization notes") pursuant to a new revolving financing facility, which allowed for the borrowing of up to $100 million including the issuance of letters of credit up to $50 million. on october 16, 2017, taco bell funding, llc terminated the variable funding notes. the securitization notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the failure to pay principal on any outstanding securitization notes will constitute an event of default under any other securitization notes.
credit agreement. on june 16, 2016, three wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company, kfc holding co., pizza hut holdings, llc and taco bell of america, llc, as co-borrowers (the "borrowers") entered into a new credit agreement (the "credit agreement") providing for the following (each of which may be increased subject to certain conditions): (i) a $500 million term loan a facility (the "term loan a facility"), (ii) a $2 billion term loan b facility (the "term loan b facility") and (iii) a $1 billion revolving facility (the "revolving facility") which has no outstanding borrowings and has $4 million in letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2017, each of which may be increased subject to certain conditions. our term loan a facility and term loan b facility contain cross-default provisions whereby the failure to pay principal of or otherwise perform any agreement or condition under indebtedness of certain subsidiaries with a principal amount in excess of $100 million will constitute an event of default under the credit agreement.
subsidiary senior unsecured notes. on june 16, 2016, the borrowers issued an aggregate of $1.05 billion senior unsecured notes due 2024 and an aggregate of $1.05 billion senior unsecured notes due 2026. on june 15, 2017, the borrowers issued an aggregate of $750 million senior unsecured notes due june 1, 2027 (together with the june 16, 2016 issuances, the "subsidiary senior unsecured notes"). our subsidiary senior unsecured notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness of certain subsidiaries with a principal amount in excess of $100 million or the failure to pay principal of such indebtedness will constitute an event of default under the subsidiary senior unsecured notes.
the majority of our remaining long-term debt primarily comprises senior, unsecured obligations ("yum senior unsecured notes") which ranks equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness. amounts outstanding under yum senior unsecured notes were $2.2 billion at december 31, 2017. our yum senior unsecured notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the acceleration of the maturity of any of our indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of $50 million will constitute a default under the yum senior unsecured notes unless such indebtedness is discharged, or the acceleration of the maturity of that indebtedness is annulled, within 30 days after notice.
the following table summarizes the future maturities of our outstanding long-term debt, excluding capital leases, as of december 31, 2017.
contractual obligations our significant contractual obligations and payments as of december 31, 2017 included:
capital leases(b)                         136                      13                      25                    22                        76
operating leases(b)                       899                     124                     198                   142                       435
benefit plans and other(d)                284                     100                      66                    26                        92
(a)   amounts include maturities of debt outstanding as of december 31, 2017 and expected interest payments on those outstanding amounts on a nominal basis. see note 11.
(b)   these obligations, which are shown on a nominal basis, relate primarily to approximately 900 company-owned restaurants. see note 12.
(c)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. we have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty. purchase obligations relate primarily to supply agreements, marketing, information technology, purchases of pp&amp;e as well as consulting, maintenance and other agreements. amounts include estimated payments for our incremental advertising contributions related to the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement and the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement. see note 5.
(d)   includes actuarially-determined timing of payments from our most significant unfunded pension plan as well as scheduled payments from our deferred compensation plan and other unfunded benefit plans where payment dates are determinable. this table excludes $39 million of future benefit payments for deferred compensation and other unfunded benefit plans to be paid upon separation of employee's service or retirement from the company, as we cannot reasonably estimate the dates of these future cash payments. other amounts include a cash tax obligation related to the mandatory deemed repatriation tax provisions of the tax act (see note 18) and anticipated investments, other than incremental advertising, related to the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement and the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5).
we sponsor noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain salaried and hourly employees, the most significant of which are in the u.s. and uk.  the most significant of the u.s. plans, the yum retirement plan (the "plan"), is funded while benefits from our other significant u.s. plan are paid by the company as incurred (see footnote (d) above).  our funding policy for the plan is to contribute annually amounts that will at least equal the minimum amounts required to comply with the pension protection act of 2006.  however, additional voluntary contributions are made from time-to-time to improve the plan's funded status.  at december 31, 2017 the plan was in a net underfunded position of $59 million.  the uk pension plans were in a net overfunded position of $71 million at our 2017 measurement date.
we do not anticipate making any significant contributions to the plan in 2018. investment performance and corporate bond rates have a significant effect on our net funding position as they drive our asset balances and discount rate assumptions.  future changes in investment performance and corporate bond rates could impact our funded status and the timing and amounts of required contributions in 2018 and beyond.
our post-retirement health care plan in the u.s. is not required to be funded in advance, but is pay as you go.  we made post-retirement benefit payments of $5 million in 2017 and no future funding amounts are included in the contractual obligations table.  see note 15.
we have excluded from the contractual obligations table payments we may make for exposures for which we are self-insured, including workers' compensation, employment practices liability, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and property losses (collectively "property and casualty losses") and employee healthcare and long-term disability claims.  the majority of our recorded liability for self-insured property and casualty losses and employee healthcare and long-term disability claims represents estimated reserves for incurred claims that have yet to be filed or settled.
we have not included in the contractual obligations table approximately $100 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits relating to various tax positions we have taken.  these liabilities may increase or decrease over time as a result of tax examinations, and given the status of the examinations, we cannot reliably estimate the period of any cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
off-balance sheet arrangements see the lease guarantees and franchise loan pool and equipment guarantees sections of note 20 for discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements.
new accounting pronouncements not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued standards to provide principles within a single framework for revenue recognition of transactions involving contracts with customers across all industries. these standards are effective for the company in our first quarter of 2018, and we will adopt the standards using the modified retrospective transition method. see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 2 for additional information regarding our adoption of the new revenue recognition standards.
in february 2016, the fasb issued a standard on the recognition and measurement of leases, which is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring that substantially all lease assets and liabilities be recognized on the balance sheet and by requiring the disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. this standard is effective for the company in our first quarter of 2019 with early adoption permitted. the standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition method. we currently plan to adopt this standard in the first quarter of 2019 and we are evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements. based on our current volume of store leases and subleases to franchisees (see note 12) we expect this adoption will result in a material increase in the assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets; however, we believe the impact will be less material over time as we execute our strategy to be at least 98% franchised by 2019 and thus are a party to fewer leases. further, we do not anticipate adoption will have a significant impact on our consolidated statements of income or cash flows.
in june 2016, the fasb issued a standard that requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for financial assets held. the standard is effective for the company in our first quarter of fiscal 2020 with early adoption permitted beginning in the first quarter of 2019. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements.
in october 2016, the fasb issued a standard that requires the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. the guidance will require a modified retrospective application with a cumulative adjustment to opening retained earnings at the beginning of our first quarter of 2018. we anticipate a reduction in other assets of approximately $40 million upon adoption to write-off the unamortized tax consequences of certain historical intra-entity transfers of assets with an offsetting increase to our accumulated deficit.
in august 2017, the fasb issued a standard that refines and expands existing hedge accounting guidance. the standard is effective for the company in our first quarter of 2019 with early adoption permitted. we do not anticipate the impact of adopting this standard will be material to our financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our reported results are impacted by the application of certain accounting policies that require us to make subjective or complex judgments.  these judgments involve estimations of the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact our quarterly or annual results of operations or financial condition.  changes in the estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition and cash flows in future years.  a description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies follows.
impairment or disposal of long-lived assets we review long-lived assets of restaurants (primarily pp&e and allocated intangible assets subject to amortization) semi-annually for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable.  we evaluate recoverability based on the restaurant's forecasted undiscounted cash flows, which incorporate our best estimate of sales growth and margin improvement based upon our plans for the unit and actual results at comparable restaurants.  for restaurant assets that are deemed to not be recoverable, we write-down the impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value.  key assumptions in the determination of fair value are the future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which are reduced by future royalties a franchisee would pay, and a discount rate.  the after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that would be used by a franchisee in the determination of a purchase price for the restaurant.  estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments and can be significantly impacted by changes in the business or economic conditions.
we perform an impairment evaluation at a restaurant group level if it is more likely than not that we will refranchise restaurants as a group.  expected net sales proceeds are generally based on actual bids from the buyer, if available, or anticipated bids given the discounted projected after-tax cash flows for the group of restaurants.  historically, these anticipated bids have been reasonably accurate estimations of the proceeds ultimately received. the after-tax cash flows used in determining the anticipated bids incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement as well as expectations as to the useful lives of the restaurant assets. these after-tax cash flows also include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties we would receive under a franchise agreement with terms substantially at market entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction.
the discount rate used in the fair value calculations is our estimate of the required rate of return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant or groups of restaurants and the related long-lived assets.  the discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.
impairment of goodwill we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist.  goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of our reporting units exceed their carrying values. our reporting units are our business units (which are aligned based on geography) in our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell divisions.  fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit, and is generally estimated using discounted expected future after-tax cash flows from franchise royalties and company-owned restaurant operations, if any.
future cash flow estimates and the discount rate are the key assumptions when estimating the fair value of a reporting unit.  future cash flows are based on growth expectations relative to recent historical performance and incorporate sales growth (from net new restaurants or same-sales growth) and margin improvement (for those reporting units which include company-owned restaurant operations) assumptions that we believe a third-party buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the reporting unit.  any margin improvement assumptions that factor into the discounted cash flows are highly correlated with sales growth as cash flow growth can be achieved through various interrelated strategies such as product pricing and restaurant productivity initiatives. the discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. we believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.
the fair values of all our reporting units with goodwill balances were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values as of the 2017 goodwill testing date.
when we refranchise restaurants, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising versus the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained.  the fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties the franchisee will pay us associated with the franchise agreement entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction. appropriate adjustments are made to the fair value determinations if such franchise agreement is determined to not be at prevailing market rates.  when determining whether such franchise agreement is at prevailing market rates our primary consideration is consistency with the terms of our current franchise agreements both within the country that the restaurants are being refranchised in and around the world.  the company believes consistency in royalty rates as a percentage of sales is appropriate as the company and franchisee share in the impact of near-term fluctuations in sales results with the acknowledgment that over the long-term the royalty rate represents an appropriate rate for both parties.
the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee is reduced by future royalties the franchisee will pay the company.  the company thus considers the fair value of future royalties to be received under the franchise agreement as fair value retained in its determination of the goodwill to be written off when refranchising.  others may consider the fair value of these future royalties as fair value disposed of and thus would conclude that a larger percentage of a reporting unit's fair value is disposed of in a refranchising transaction.
during 2017, refranchising activity completed by the company resulted in the write-off of $36 million in goodwill within refranchising (gain) loss, representing 7% of beginning-of-year company goodwill. of the $36 million, the most significant write-offs were recognized by kfc turkey and taco bell u.s. within kfc turkey, all remaining company restaurants were refranchised and $13 million in goodwill was written off (representing 33% of beginning-of-year goodwill). within taco bell u.s., 251 restaurants were refranchised (representing 29% of beginning-of-year company units) and $8 million in goodwill was written off (representing 7% of beginning-of-year goodwill).
see note 2 for a further discussion of our policies regarding goodwill.
self-insured property and casualty losses we record our best estimate of the remaining cost to settle incurred self-insured property and casualty losses.  the estimate is based on the results of an independent actuarial study and considers historical claim frequency and severity as well as changes in factors such as our business environment, benefit levels, medical costs and the regulatory environment that could impact overall self-insurance costs.  additionally, our reserve includes a risk margin to cover unforeseen events that may occur over the several years required to settle claims, increasing our confidence level that the recorded reserve is adequate.
see note 20 for a further discussion of our insurance programs.
pension plans certain of our employees are covered under defined benefit pension plans. our two most significant plans are in the u.s. and combined had a projected benefit obligation ("pbo") of $1,007 million and a fair value of plan assets of $864 million at december 31, 2017.
the pbo reflects the actuarial present value of all benefits earned to date by employees and incorporates assumptions as to future compensation levels.  due to the relatively long time frame over which benefits earned to date are expected to be paid, our pbos are highly sensitive to changes in discount rates.  for our u.s. plans, we measured our pbos using a discount rate of 3.90% at december 31, 2017.  this discount rate was determined with the assistance of our independent actuary.  the primary basis for this discount rate determination is a model that consists of a hypothetical portfolio of ten or more corporate debt instruments rated aa or higher by moody's or standard & poor's ("s&p") with cash flows that mirror our expected benefit payment cash flows under the plans.  we exclude from the model those corporate debt instruments flagged by moody's or s&p for a potential downgrade (if the potential downgrade would result in a rating below aa by both moody's and s&p) and bonds with yields that were two standard deviations or more above the mean.  in considering possible bond portfolios, the model allows the bond cash flows for a particular year to exceed the expected benefit payment cash flows for that year.  such excesses are assumed to be reinvested at appropriate one-year forward rates and used to meet the benefit payment cash flows in a future year.  the weighted-average yield of this hypothetical portfolio was used to arrive at an appropriate discount rate.  we also ensure that changes in the discount rate as compared to the prior year are consistent with the overall change in prevailing market rates and make adjustments as necessary. a 50 basis-point increase in this discount rate would have decreased these u.s. plans' pbos by approximately $65 million at our measurement date.  conversely, a 50 basis-point decrease in this discount rate would have increased our u.s. plans' pbos by approximately $75 million at our measurement date.
the net periodic benefit cost we will record in 2018 is also impacted by the discount rate, as well as the long-term rates of return on plan assets and mortality assumptions we selected at our measurement date.  we expect net periodic benefit cost for our u.s. plans to increase approximately $6 million in 2018.  a 50 basis-point decrease in our discount rate assumption at our 2017 measurement date would further increase our 2018 u.s. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $9 million. a 50 basis-point increase in our discount rate assumption at our 2017 measurement date would decrease our 2018 u.s. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $8 million. the impacts of changes in net periodic benefit costs are reflected primarily in other pension (income) expense.
our estimated long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets is based upon the weighted-average of historical and expected future returns for each asset category.  our expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets, for purposes of determining 2018 pension expense, at december 31, 2017 was 5.65%, net of administrative and investment fees paid from plan assets.  we believe this rate is appropriate given the composition of our plan assets and historical market returns thereon.  a 100 basis point change in our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption would impact our 2018 u.s. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $8 million. additionally, every 100 basis point variation in actual return on plan assets versus our expected return of 5.65% will impact our unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss by approximately $8 million. the impacts of changes in net periodic benefit costs are recorded to other pension (income) expense.
a decrease in discount rates over time has largely contributed to an unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss of $134 million included in aoci for these u.s. plans at december 31, 2017.  we will recognize approximately $16 million of such loss in net periodic benefit cost in 2018 versus $5 million recognized in 2017. see note 15.
in the first quarter of 2017, we adopted fasb issued guidance related to the presentation of non-service components of net periodic pension cost. as a result, expense associated with changes in actuarial assumptions, settlement charges and other non-service related charges are primarily recorded to other pension (income) expense.
income taxes at december 31, 2017, we had valuation allowances of approximately $421 million to reduce our $847 million of deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. the net deferred tax assets primarily relate to foreign tax credits and temporary differences in profitable u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, the majority of which do not expire. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider future taxable income in the various jurisdictions as well as carryforward periods and restrictions on usage. the estimation of future taxable income in these jurisdictions and our resulting ability to utilize deferred tax assets can significantly change based on future events, including our determinations as to feasibility of certain tax planning strategies and refranchising plans. thus, recorded valuation allowances may be subject to material future changes.
as a matter of course, we are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. we recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in our income tax provision when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by these tax authorities. a recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement. at december 31, 2017, we had $100 million of unrecognized tax benefits, $10 million of which are temporary in nature and, if recognized, would not impact the effective tax rate. we evaluate unrecognized tax benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures.
on december 22, 2017, the sec staff issued sec staff accounting bulletin ("sab") 118 to address the accounting implications of the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act ("tax act"). sab 118 permits a company to recognize provisional amounts for the one-time tax effects of the tax act upon enactment when it does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete its accounting for the change in tax law. the measurement period to finalize our calculations cannot extend beyond one year of the enactment date. key provisions that have a significant impact on our financial statements and where we have recognized estimated amounts include the recognition of liabilities for taxes on mandatory one-time deemed repatriation of accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, the remeasurement of certain net deferred tax assets and liabilities, and establishment of a valuation allowance on our foreign tax credit carryforwards.
the tax act includes a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and as a result, previously unremitted earnings for which no u.s. deferred tax liability had been provided have now been subject to u.s. tax. our cash currently held overseas is primarily limited to that necessary to fund working capital requirements. thus, we have not provided taxes on our foreign unremitted earnings, other than u.s. federal taxes provided in connection with the mandatory deemed repatriation tax, as we believe they are indefinitely reinvested. see note 18 for a further discussion of our income taxes.