Oracle Corporation provides products and services that address all aspects of corporate information technology (IT) environments—applications, platform and infrastructure. Our applications, platform and infrastructure offerings are delivered to customers worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models, including cloud-based, on-premise or hybrid, which enable customer choice and flexibility. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications, platform and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand has increased for our Oracle Cloud services. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications, platform and infrastructure licenses and license support to the Oracle Cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle Cloud for their existing workloads. Cloud services and license support revenues include license support revenues, which customers purchase to benefit from Oracle’s research and development investments that are utilized as a part of unspecified periodic license updates; and cloud services revenues, which include revenues from Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings that deliver applications, platform and infrastructure technologies, respectively, via cloud-based deployment models that we develop functionality for, host, manage and support and that customers access by entering into a subscription agreement with us for a stated period. Our infrastructure-as-a-service offerings also include Oracle Managed Cloud Services, which are designed to provide comprehensive software and hardware management, maintenance and security services for customer cloud-based, hybrid IT or other IT infrastructure for a fee for a stated term. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications, platform and infrastructure technologies, and we believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. We expect to make investments in research and development to improve existing hardware products and services and to develop new hardware products and services. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy; in recent years, we have invested billions of dollars to acquire a number of complementary companies, products, services and technologies and we estimate the financial impact of any potential acquisition with regard to earnings, operating margin, cash flow and return on invested capital targets before deciding to move forward with an acquisition. We market and sell our offerings globally to businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions and resellers with a worldwide sales force that is employed by our domestic and international subsidiaries and is positioned to offer the combinations that best meet customer needs.