Abbvie has and will continue to incur additional ongoing operating expenses to operate as an independent company, including the cost of various corporate headquarters functions, incremental information technology-related costs, and incremental costs to operate a stand-alone back office infrastructure outside the United States. Abbvie's transition services agreements with Abbott in the United States cover certain corporate support services that Abbvie has historically received from Abbott. Such services include information technology, accounts payable, payroll, and other financial functions, as well as engineering support for various facilities, quality assurance support, and other administrative services. These agreements facilitate the separation by allowing Abbvie to operate independently prior to establishing stand-alone back office functions across its organization. As part of its separation from Abbott, Abbvie began a phased global implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system, related technology infrastructure, and transaction processing services to replace the information technology infrastructure and transactional services provided to Abbvie by Abbott under various transition services agreements. These initiatives, which are expected to be completed in 2015, will include modifications to the design and operation of controls over financial reporting. The historical financial statements included an allocation of expenses related to certain Abbott corporate functions, including information technology and quality assurance. These expenses were allocated to Abbvie based on direct usage or benefit where identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of revenues, headcount, square footage, number of transactions, or other measures. Abbvie considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable. However, the allocations may not be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had Abbvie operated as an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company for the periods presented. The company has entered into research and development collaborations with third parties that may require future milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. These collaborations often require upfront payments and may include additional milestone, research and development cost sharing, royalty, or profit share payments, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development and commercialization. Abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Abbvie's pipeline includes more than 40 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements. Abbvie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs during 2015. The company also monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad, and establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. Abbvie's financial performance reflects an improvement in gross margin primarily due to favorable product mix across the product portfolio and operational efficiencies, as well as increased funding in support of Abbvie's emerging mid-and late-stage pipeline assets. The company has made significant investments in information technology to enhance its operational capabilities and support its business strategies, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.