We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities, and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications, and email. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We may also be subject to security breaches caused by computer viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. Our business is also subject to rapid technological changes, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to design, develop, and produce products in a timely fashion to accommodate changing customer demand. Our products generally must conform to various evolving and sometimes competing industry standards, which may adversely affect our ability to compete in certain markets or require us to incur significant costs. Additionally, our customers generally impose very high quality and reliability standards on our products, which often change and may be difficult or costly to satisfy. Any inability to satisfy customer quality and reliability standards or comply with industry standards and technical requirements may adversely affect demand for our products and our results of operations. We invest significant resources in the testing of our products; however, if any of our products contain defects, we may be required to incur additional development and remediation costs, which may adversely impact our operating results. Our future revenue, gross margins, operating results, and net income are difficult to predict and may be materially affected by a number of factors, including changes in customer demand for our products and for end products that incorporate our products, our ability to effectively manage our cost structure, and the timing of new product announcements or introductions by us, our customers, or our competitors. We may not be able to compete successfully in markets within the semiconductor industry in the future. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the semiconductor industry, and we expect this competition to increase in the future, including from companies located outside the United States.