We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content, and electronic devices. Some of our current and potential competitors have greater resources, longer histories, more customers, and/or greater brand recognition, which may allow them to secure better terms from vendors and adopt more aggressive pricing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Our ability to manage growth effectively is crucial, as failure to do so could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, as our revenue growth depends on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, which is affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy customer demands is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. The introduction of competitive websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements may impact our market positioning. We rely on technology and content investments to enhance our operational efficiency and improve our process efficiencies through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology infrastructure is critical for managing our fulfillment operations and enhancing the customer experience. We seek to efficiently invest in several areas of technology and content, including web services, expansion of new and existing product categories and offerings, and initiatives to expand our ecosystem of digital products and services. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment and data centers is vital, as failure to do so could result in excess or insufficient fulfillment capacity, increased costs, or harm our business in other ways. We also face risks related to system interruptions and lack of redundancy, which could prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders and providing services. Our reliance on third-party technology and systems for various functions, including encryption and authentication technology, poses additional risks. We are committed to protecting customer information and preventing data loss, but measures cannot provide absolute security. Our ability to effectively manage our technology resources and investments is essential for sustaining our competitive positioning and achieving long-term growth.