Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, technological changes, and other competitive factors. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We rely on other companies including subcontractors and suppliers to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities and to perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature and pandemics or other public health crises. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of our data, information systems or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of Boeing and of our products and services. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems and management oversight in order to address security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and systems. While these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks, including cyber-attacks, could result in significant financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. We are subject to various federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or regulations. Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We also expect that ongoing concerns regarding the U.S. national debt will continue to place downward pressure on U.S. Department of Defense spending levels. Future budget cuts, including cuts mandated by sequestration, or future procurement decisions associated with the authorizations and appropriations process could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on the results of the company's operations, financial position and/or cash flows.