We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems. We could also experience a business interruption, information theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware or other cyber attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue. We have invested in industry appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings. Our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. The failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products. We are focusing our efforts and resources in certain disease areas. Our evolution was accelerated as a result of the diabetes business divestiture and continued focus on certain therapeutic areas, including immuno-oncology. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop products in combination regimens. We are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. Our research and development expenses include costs attributed to preclinical and research activities, and expenses can vary between periods for a number of reasons, including the timing of upfront, milestone and other licensing payments. We continually evaluate our portfolio to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. Our R&D programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development. We recognize revenue net of gross-to-net adjustments that are further described in our financial statements. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with regulatory requirements. We also rely on a variety of methods to estimate direct customer product level inventory and to calculate months on hand. We continue to manage our operating cash flows by focusing on working capital items that are most directly affected by changes in sales volume, such as receivables, inventories, and accounts payable. The management of our business is influenced by external partnerships and the need for strategic resource allocation to enhance our operational capabilities and market responsiveness.