We rely on information technology in virtually all aspects of our business. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect corporate information assets against intruders, leading to operational difficulties. Attacks against our information systems could result in loss of assets and critical information, exposing us to remediation costs and reputational damage. Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could lead to misappropriation of assets or data corruption and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Cybersecurity risks are a critical concern as they could adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems, or compromise confidential customer and employee information. Our operating businesses face intense competitive pressures within markets in which they operate, and many factors, including market and technology changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Future operating results will depend to some degree on whether our operating units are successful in protecting or enhancing their competitive advantages. We believe that the board's succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate risks associated with our reliance on key personnel for major investment and capital allocation decisions. Changes in demographics, training requirements, and the unavailability of qualified personnel could negatively impact our operating subsidiaries' ability to meet demands of customers to supply goods and services. Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel is important to all of our operations. Unpredictable increases in demand for goods and services may exacerbate the risk of not having sufficient numbers of trained personnel, which could negatively impact our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Our utilities and energy businesses require significant amounts of capital to construct, operate, and maintain generation, transmission, and distribution systems to meet their customers' needs and reliability criteria. Additionally, system assets may need to be operational for very long periods of time in order to justify the financial investment. The risk of operational or financial failure of capital projects is not necessarily recoverable through rates charged to customers. We also face risks associated with regulatory changes that may adversely impact our future operating results, as increased regulatory compliance costs could have a significant negative impact on our operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing—and we evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar-denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.