We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our ability to identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment, or alliance is critical, as our strategic acquisitions, investments, and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments, or alliances will depend on several factors, including our ability to finance any future acquisition, investment, or alliance on terms acceptable to us, our ability to successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses, and our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We believe that our investment-grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, and our solid financial fundamentals. Our restructuring initiatives are aimed at improving operational effectiveness and efficiency and better aligning expenses with revenues while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. The healthcare industry is subject to potential fundamental changes that could substantially affect our results of operations, including government and private sector initiatives limiting the growth of healthcare costs, coverage and payment policies, and healthcare delivery structure reforms. We expect that pricing of medical devices will remain under pressure as alternative payment reform continues to take shape globally. Our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals, all of which are very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products.