We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Failure to adequately update our systems and disruptions in both our primary and back-up systems could harm our ability to run our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Given the very high volume of transactions we process each year, it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. If our computer systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace our information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process can mitigate this risk. Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from the technology. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost. If we do not maintain the privacy and security of member-related and other business information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation. We receive, retain, and transmit certain personal information about our members and entrust that information to third party business associates, including cloud service providers who perform activities for us. Our online business, which operates websites in the U.S., Canada, U.K., and Mexico, depends upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our security systems or those of our business associates that results in our members' personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could result in a disruption of our operations. We are making technology investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our financial performance also depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our capital requirements for the foreseeable future.