We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, resulting in competition against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information, and any unauthorized intrusion or network disruption could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems. The success of our electronic commerce businesses also relies in part on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to market our services to their customers. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments. Our key enterprise priorities include improving operational effectiveness and delivering innovation and integration which enables differentiation and value for our clients. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical. Our products and services require sophisticated knowledge of the financial services industry, applicable regulatory and industry requirements, computer systems, and software applications. If we cannot hire or retain the necessary skilled personnel, we could suffer delays in new product development, experience difficulty complying with applicable requirements, or otherwise fail to satisfy our clients' demands. The implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may have an adverse impact on our clients and our business, which could limit our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing industry and require us to make compliance investments. The complexity of regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business, and any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our officers. Our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology, and we actively seek to protect our proprietary rights.