This annual report contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs about the future conduct and growth of our business, including our investment in information technology infrastructure and privacy and security capabilities. We face intense competition across all our businesses, and our ability to adapt to technological change is critical for future revenue growth. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, as well as in our information technology infrastructure. Our transition to more connected services increases our dependence on the availability of our information technology and communication systems, as well as those of our external service providers. Business interruptions or failures of our information technology systems may impair the availability of our products and services, potentially damaging our reputation and financial results. We are in the process of updating our customer-facing applications and supporting information technology infrastructure to meet customer expectations for continuous service availability. Difficulties in upgrading these systems may result in service interruptions, which could reduce revenues and profits. We are migrating our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and third-party hosted environments, and any failure to execute this transition effectively may lead to unplanned service disruptions. Our operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various factors, including natural disasters and cyber attacks, which could disrupt our information technology systems and impact our ability to process transactions accurately and timely. We are continually investing resources to upgrade and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms to meet the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience delays or difficulties in these upgrades, it may result in outages and disrupt our ability to deliver offerings and develop new enhancements. Our growth strategy depends on our ability to leverage disruptive technology trends and strengthen third-party business relationships. We rely on various third-party partners to support our operations, and any failure of these partners to provide acceptable products and services may disrupt our business operations. We are also investing management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and privacy and security capabilities to enhance our operational effectiveness. Our business model is increasingly reliant on connected services, which necessitates timely product launches and the ability to adapt to changes in technology and customer needs. We are focused on developing our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which requires significant resource allocation. The complexity of our products and the condensed development cycles increase the risk of errors and launch delays, which could adversely affect our revenues and reputation. Our future financial results may be materially harmed by any significant disruptions in our information technology systems or failures to effectively manage our technology resources.