Information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. Our data management systems must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business; any impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We require user names and passwords to access our information technology systems and use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. However, these security measures may be compromised, resulting in unauthorized access to our data or accounts. We devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, but these measures cannot provide absolute security. We may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data, which could materially damage our reputation and brand, decrease the use of our products and services, and expose us to litigation and potential liability. Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. Our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personally identifiable information, which includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. We are subject to extensive regulation in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which regulates the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, promotion, sales, distribution, and postmarket support of medical devices to ensure safety and effectiveness. We must obtain and maintain necessary domestic regulatory authorizations to provide our products in the United States. Our products are subject to various international regulatory processes and approval requirements, and if we do not obtain and maintain the necessary international regulatory approvals, we will not be able to provide our products in foreign countries. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property, and we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. The demand for our systems is ultimately driven by da Vinci surgical procedure volume and is highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth rates. Our installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown, and we focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring significant patient value relative to alternative treatment options. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will increase in the future.