Our business is materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from our current level. Furthermore, we depend on our principal offices in New York City, where most of our administrative personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code, and other events that could have a security impact. We and our employees may be the target of fraudulent emails. If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardize our or our fund investors' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our fund investors', our counterparties', or third parties' operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, or reputational damage. Our business offers a broad range of investment management services to our fund investors and provides capital markets services to our firm, our portfolio companies, and third parties. We have also increased our focus on meeting the needs of our existing fund investors and in developing relationships with new investors in our funds. We conduct our business with offices throughout the world, providing us with a preeminent global platform for sourcing transactions, raising capital, and carrying out capital markets activities. Our growth has been driven by value that we have created through our operationally focused investment approach, the expansion of our existing businesses, our entry into new lines of business, innovation in the products that we offer investors in our funds, and the integration of capital markets distribution activities. We have also used our balance sheet as a significant source of capital to further grow and expand our business, increase our participation in our existing businesses, and further align our interests with those of our fund investors and other stakeholders. The majority of our balance sheet consists of general partner interests in KKR investment funds, limited partner interests in certain KKR investment funds, co-investments in certain portfolio companies of KKR private equity funds, and interests in CLOs, corporate loans, debt securities, and energy and real estate assets. Our capital markets business supports our firm, our private equity portfolio companies, and third-party clients by developing and implementing both traditional and non-traditional capital solutions for investments or companies seeking financing.