In addition, we rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. If we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other product categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively affected. Our company has a long history of providing world-class customer service, demonstrating leadership in the marketplace and leveraging the talent of our global workforce. We focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs - whether that customer is a sophisticated retailer in a developed market or a kiosk owner in an emerging market. We are constantly looking to build new beverage consumption occasions in our customers' outlets through unique and innovative consumer experiences, product availability and delivery systems, and beverage merchandising and displays. We must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our company and our bottling partners the ability to grow together through shared values, aligned incentives and a sense of urgency and flexibility that supports consumers' always changing needs and tastes. As the world's largest beverage company, we strive to meet the highest of standards in both product safety and product quality. We are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products. Our system works every day to share safe and refreshing beverages with the world. We have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to meet consumers' evolving needs and preferences. We recognize that the health of our business is interwoven with the well-being of our consumers, our employees and the communities we serve, and we are working in cooperation with governments, educators and consumers. Our company has a robust water stewardship and management program and continues to work to improve water use efficiency, treat wastewater prior to discharge and achieve our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. We regularly assess the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and have implemented a formal water risk management program. We are actively collaborating with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world. Our company invests in infrastructure programs with our bottlers that are directed at strengthening our bottling system and increasing unit case volume. We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. In order to address risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber-insurance and training of company personnel. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee.