The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in the company's systems. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks. The company is also subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations. The company has established a comprehensive global privacy program to manage evolving risks related to privacy and data protection. The company's operations are principally managed on a products basis and are comprised of three operating segments, which are the pharmaceutical, animal health, and alliances segments. The pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the company or through joint ventures. The company is focused on innovation and has made substantial investments in research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a renewed focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy. The company recognizes that it has an important role to play in helping to improve access to its products around the world, which includes a set of principles that guide its worldwide approach to expanding access to health care. The company has been taking steps to increase its presence in emerging markets, although there is no guarantee that these efforts will succeed. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and must continue to launch new products each year to remain competitive. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect its results of operations. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company continually takes measures to evaluate, adapt, and improve the organization and its business practices to better meet customer needs. The company’s research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing its research and development resources on candidates that can provide unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company has also moved to diversify its portfolio through a collaboration on the development of biosimilars, which have the potential to enhance access for patients worldwide. The company believes that it is well positioned to respond to the evolving health care environment and market forces. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks.