Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information, including personally identifiable information and protected health information. We do not control or monitor the information that customers process in our services, and we are unaware of the type, sensitivity, and value of the customer information processed. We have legal and contractual obligations to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of customer data. Cyber-security risks, including unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, theft of proprietary information, and computer hacking attacks could expose us to substantial litigation expenses and damages, and our ability to operate our business may be impaired. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our management team and many key individual contributors. The technology industry faces substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software and internet-related solutions. Our ability to enhance our existing service, develop new applications, and promote our services for the development of custom applications is critical. We derive a substantial majority of our revenue from subscriptions to our suite of applications for use within IT. We are expanding the breadth of our services to include offerings for service domains outside of IT and offerings for small and medium-sized businesses. Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to continue to meet the expanding needs of our customers as their use of our services grows. We intend to continue making significant investments to develop and implement new technologies in our services and cloud-based infrastructure operations. These technologies include databases, applications, server optimizations, network and hosting strategies, and automation. We may not be successful in developing or implementing these technologies. Our markets are fragmented, rapidly evolving, and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. We face competition from in-house solutions, large integrated systems vendors, and established and emerging cloud and software vendors. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and customer requirements. We may acquire or invest in companies, which may divert our management's attention and result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies. Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenues from existing customers depends on our ability to enhance our services and provide IT in a way that is broadly accepted. We must effectively make our services available in additional ways, including on mobile devices. If we are unable to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to these rapid developments, our services may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete. We expect to incur a GAAP loss due to increased costs such as non-cash charges associated with equity awards and business combinations. Our business depends substantially on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions from us and renewing their subscriptions upon expiration of the subscription term. Our growth also depends in part on our ability to sell more subscriptions and additional professional services to our current customers. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions or fail to add more authorized users, our revenues may decline, and our operating results would be harmed.