We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include shipping products to customers, marketing and selling products to consumers, collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, processing transactions, hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, providing data security, and handling other processes necessary to manage our business. Our ability to maintain key information technology systems, including systems operated by third-party suppliers, and to maintain security over our data is critical to our business operations. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. The company has made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, employee training, and security policies for the company and its third-party providers. However, because the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. If the IT systems, networks, or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive, and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. The costs and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. Our success is dependent, in part, on our continued ability to manage fluctuations through pricing actions, cost-saving projects, sourcing decisions, and certain hedging transactions, as well as ongoing productivity improvements. Our objective is to maintain credit ratings that provide us with ready access to global capital and credit markets. Our ability to achieve business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing, promotional incentives, and trade terms. Our financial success is directly dependent on the success of our brands, and the success of these brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. Our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change could impact our business results. We continue to execute a number of significant business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures, and workforce optimization projects to support our growth strategies. Successfully managing these changes, including retention of particularly key employees, is critical to our business success.