Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, distributable cash flow, and value of our securities. We are subject to social, political, and economic risks of doing business in many countries, and we conduct a significant portion of our business outside of the United States. Our global growth subjects us to certain risks, including funding increasing headcount, integrating new offices, and establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate operations. We may be impacted by the ability of our non-United States subsidiaries to transfer cash among subsidiaries due to currency exchange control regulations and transfer pricing regulations. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We are exposed to general economic conditions and other events that affect the markets in which we own properties. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties. We are also subject to risks associated with acquiring properties, which involves risks that the acquired property will not perform as anticipated and that actual costs for rehabilitation will exceed estimates. Our real estate development strategy is focused on monetizing land through sales to third parties or development of industrial properties, depending on market conditions and liquidity needs. We may experience significant risks that could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our financial condition and competitive position. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. We are exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate, which could increase our exposure to rare catastrophic weather events. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, dispositions of properties, and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, and borrowing capacity under credit facilities. Our investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business, and while we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification and market research, they cannot be eliminated. We recognize gains from contributions and sales of real estate assets generally at the time the title is transferred and consideration is received. Our ability to assess our influence and/or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in the consolidated financial statements. We capitalize costs incurred in developing, renovating, and improving real estate assets as part of the investment basis, and we estimate the depreciable portion of our real estate assets and related useful lives to record depreciation expense. Our defined funds from operations (FFO) measures are used to evaluate performance and the performance of our properties in comparison to expected results and results of previous periods. We believe that the long-term performance of our properties is principally driven by rental income, and we analyze our operating performance primarily by the rental income of our real estate and the revenue driven by our strategic capital business.