We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should increase our network capacity, and improve operational efficiency, flexibility and reliability. We have continued to adjust our transportation network and utilize new or expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region. Our business is impacted by laws, regulations and policies that affect global trade, including tariff and trade policies, export requirements, taxes, monetary policies and other restrictions and charges. The impact of new laws, regulations and policies cannot be predicted, and compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. We may be required to increase our spending on data and system security, as a significant privacy breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business. Our franchised center locations also rely on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, may be difficult to detect for a long time and often are not recognized until launched against a target. Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We have made significant capital investments in our business, a significant portion of which is tied to projected volume levels, including investments in technology. Our ability to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges and manage operational flexibility is critical in responding to competitive pressures. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve flexibility and capacity in our delivery network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The growth in business-to-consumer shipments, which represent more than 45% of total U.S. domestic package volume, has driven increases in both air and ground shipments. Our overall volume increased significantly due to continued solid growth in e-commerce and overall retail sales, which has driven demand for our services. We have adjusted our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume mix levels. The combination of these factors influences our customers' sensitivity towards the price and speed of shipments, thereby favoring the use of our deferred air services. The increased use of omni-channel retailing by customers is also positively impacting volume growth for both our residential and commercial ground products. Our technology capabilities are essential for enhancing operational efficiency, supporting business needs, and leveraging competitive advantages in a dynamic market environment.