We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. In order to achieve our long-term business objectives, our strategy is to supplement our internal pipeline by acquiring rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and other technologies that have the potential to provide us with new commercial opportunities. We have developed multiple manufacturing processes for co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor, and any failure to validate our manufacturing process could adversely affect our ability to commercially launch lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. We have developed several manufacturing processes to produce commercial quantities of co-formulated lumacaftor/ivacaftor. In addition to a traditional batch manufacturing process, we have developed a continuous manufacturing process that connects the processes used in traditional batch manufacturing. We believe that we are the first company to seek approval for an NDA or an MAA using this method of manufacturing. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials may not be able to maintain these relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We rely on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers to manufacture and distribute our drugs for commercial use and our drug candidates for clinical trials. As a result of our reliance on these third-party manufacturers and suppliers, including a sole source supplier of one of the components in our products, we could be subject to significant supply disruptions outside of our control. Our supply chain for sourcing raw materials and manufacturing drug product ready for distribution is a multi-step international endeavor. Third-party contract manufacturers, including some in China, supply us with raw materials, and convert these raw materials into drug substance and convert the drug substance into final dosage form. Establishing and managing this global supply chain requires a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous third-party contractual relationships. Our products are subject to continuing regulatory oversight, including the review of additional safety information. Drugs are more widely used by patients once approval has been obtained and therefore side-effects and other problems may be observed after approval that were not seen or anticipated, or were not as prevalent or severe, during pre-approval clinical trials or nonclinical studies. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as our drug discovery and development activities are highly technical in nature, requiring the services of highly qualified and trained scientists who have the skills necessary to conduct these activities. The loss of key personnel or a failure to properly integrate new personnel could be disruptive. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key scientific and management personnel and to integrate new scientific and management personnel into our business.