In the risk factors section, Applied observes that “travel and logistics restrictions, shelter-in-place orders and other measures, including working remotely, social distancing and other policies … have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, … additional data, information and cyber security risks associated with an extensive workforce now working remotely full-time,” and warns of “supply chain interruptions, and service interruptions from … data hosting or telecommunications providers,” as well as “information technology or infrastructure failures, including those of a third-party supplier or service provider.” It further identifies the performance of third-party providers of “outsourced functions, including … software development, … information technology and other activities” as a risk driver. Under its business and operations risks, Applied cautions that “the failure to successfully implement enterprise resource planning and other information systems changes could adversely impact Applied’s business and results of operations,” noting that “Applied periodically implements new or enhanced enterprise resource planning and related information systems in order to better manage its business operations, align its global organizations and enable future growth” and that “implementation of new business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to Applied’s business operations.” It states that delays or difficulties could cause “interruptions in service and operational difficulties, such as its ability to track orders, timely manufacture and ship products, project inventory requirements, effectively manage its supply chain and allocate human resources, aggregate financial data and report operating results, and otherwise effectively manage its business.” In its cybersecurity risk disclosures, Applied explains that “in the conduct of its business, Applied collects, uses, transmits and stores data on information technology systems, including systems owned and maintained by Applied or its third-party providers,” that “all information technology systems are subject to disruption, breach or failure,” and that “Applied and its third-party providers have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents.” It warns that such incidents “may result in business disruption … misappropriation of intellectual property; corruption, loss of, or inability to access … confidential information and critical data; reputational damage; litigation or regulatory enforcement action related to … cybersecurity, data protection, or other confidentiality obligations; … and increased costs associated with the implementation of cybersecurity measures to detect, deter, protect against, and recover from such incidents,” and affirms that it “continues to devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other measures to protect its systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse.” It also notes that “compliance with, and changes to, laws and regulations concerning privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and data localization could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against Applied by regulatory authorities or other third parties,” and that “customers and third-party providers increasingly demand rigorous contractual provisions regarding privacy, cybersecurity, data protection, confidentiality, and intellectual property,” which may heighten its compliance burden. Finally, Applied observes in its discussion of market and operational trends that “accelerated digital transformation may further increase consumer demand and exacerbate such shortages and also strain our manufacturing capacity,” underscoring the growing strategic importance of mobilizing IT-based resources in support of business resilience, operational flexibility and competitive performance.