Management’s inability to accurately forecast demand can lead to product shortages and delays in fulfilling current and future purchase orders, thereby impeding customer production and harming customer relationships. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party technology, and our failure to improve these systems may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. To manage domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated business information systems. Managing our extended supply chain is complex, and our inventory management systems and related visibility tools may not enable us to forecast accurately and effectively manage the supply of our products and components. Insufficient component supply or increases in the time required to manufacture our products may lead to inventory shortages, increased lead times and lost sales opportunities, while excess inventory may harm gross margins; development of alternate sources is time-consuming, difficult and costly. Because some key components come from sole or limited sources, we are susceptible to supply shortages or changes which could disrupt product deliveries, may require product redesigns, and result in lost sales, reduced gross margins or damage to customer relationships. We depend on third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacturing process, quality assurance, and product supply; manufacturing delays, capacity constraints or quality control problems at these partners would severely impair our ability to ship and could materially harm our business. Our contract manufacturers typically fulfill orders on a purchase-order basis rather than pursuant to long-term contracts, and they are not obligated to continue to fulfill our requirements, which could result in supply shortages and price increases on short notice. Ensuring that new manufacturers or plant locations are qualified to meet our standards and scale to required volumes can be costly, time consuming and uncertain. Our business and revenues may also be materially impacted by external disruptions, including adverse economic conditions, global trade disputes, changes in government regulation related to cybersecurity, privacy, data protection, net neutrality, trade tariffs, public health epidemics, and geopolitical instability, which could cause longer sales cycles, lower pricing, reduced unit sales or budgetary constraints. We typically sell products with maintenance and support contracts that are renewable at the customer’s discretion; any decline in renewals or renewals on less favorable terms could harm future business. Our sales cycles are lengthy and unpredictable, especially with large end customers who view purchases as strategic decisions, which makes our revenue difficult to forecast. The rapid growth in headcount and end customers has required us to scale internal systems and processes, and our failure to manage growth effectively by hiring, training and retaining qualified personnel, particularly in engineering and sales, could delay product introductions, impede operational continuity and hamper adaptability. We are subject to evolving legal, tax, environmental, import/export, anti-corruption and anti-bribery regulations across multiple jurisdictions, and failure to comply or rapidly adapt our business practices could result in fines, penalties, supply chain restrictions or reputational damage. Our business continuity is also at risk from natural disasters, health epidemics, terrorism or other catastrophic events; although we maintain disaster recovery plans, any inadequacy could interrupt our operations and product shipments, and exacerbate the impact of seasonal or cyclical fluctuations. Breaches of our cybersecurity systems or those of key partners could degrade operations, delay revenue recognition, compromise software integrity, result in data loss or theft of intellectual property, damage our reputation and require substantial remediation efforts, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition, results of operations and prospects.