The annual report repeatedly emphasizes the need for the company to maintain performance and adjust positively under challenging conditions, noting that “all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments” and that “changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms … continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.” It acknowledges that, although it has “attempted to adapt our video service offerings and enhance our high-speed internet services for changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying the X1 and SKY Q platforms and Flex, which can more easily aggregate linear and OTT programming choices for our customers, the continuing trend of OTT service providers delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet … continues to disrupt traditional video distribution business models.” The company states that “our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies,” yet concedes that, “as we execute our technology initiatives … we also will continue to incur additional costs … there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future.” In discussing risks to operational continuity, the report warns that “we rely on network and information systems and other technologies … and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses,” potentially causing “a degradation or disruption of our products and services … the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation,” and that “while we develop and maintain systems, and operate an extensive security program … the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated.” It further highlights exposure to “weak economic conditions … which could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services” and “customers may reduce the level of services to which they subscribe or may discontinue subscribing,” and cautions that “acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives.” Finally, the management’s discussion and analysis underscores the importance of preserving liquidity and capital resources by generating significant cash flows from operating activities, maintaining cash, cash equivalents and investments, and retaining access to committed credit facilities “to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges,” reflecting underlying resilience strategies intended to preserve continuity and functionality amid external pressures.