Although the current COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business operations and practices, we experienced limited disruptions during 2021. We are taking safety measures to protect our employees who are in the office and support those employees who work from home. We are also monitoring our operations and public health measures implemented by governmental authorities in response to the pandemic. COVID-19 also continues to impact the global supply chain, causing disruptions to service providers, logistics and the flow and availability of supplies and products. Despite these challenges, we took action to maintain a stable supply of materials to meet our production requirements and delivered incremental supply throughout the year. We also experienced strong customer demand in 2021 and made strategic investments through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements in our supply chain to secure additional capacity to support future revenue growth. For example, we amended our wafer supply agreement with GlobalFoundries Inc. in May 2021 and in December 2021 to modify certain terms of the agreement applicable to wafer purchases from December 23, 2021, continuing through December 31, 2025. Under the amendment, GlobalFoundries will provide a minimum annual capacity allocation to us for years 2022 through 2025 and we have corresponding annual wafer targets. We also agreed to wafer pricing through 2025, and we are obligated to pre-pay certain amounts for those wafers in 2022 and 2023. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash flows from operations along with our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund operations, including capital expenditures and purchase commitments, over the next 12 months and beyond. We believe we will be able to access the capital markets should we require additional funds. However, we cannot assure that such funds will be available on favorable terms, or at all. Our operating activities are primarily cash collections from our customers, payments for inventory purchases and payments for employee-related expenditures. The primary drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities included a significant increase in accounts receivable driven primarily by higher revenue, an increase in inventories driven by our continued increase in product build in support of customer demand, and an increase in prepaid expenses due primarily to prepayments under long-term supply agreements in 2021. We continue to maintain a valuation allowance for certain federal, state, and foreign tax attributes due to limitations and a lack of sufficient sources of future taxable income. Our financial performance is supported by our leadership portfolio of high-performance products, robust customer demand, and consistent execution, which helped drive strong financial results in 2021. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher revenue and improved margin in the segments, which more than offset higher operating expenses. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting our strategies to navigate the challenges posed by external pressures and disruptions, thereby enhancing our organizational resilience.