Amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses. Our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry, focusing on six commercial areas and conducting discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. In 2021, we advanced our innovative pipeline, launched new products, completed several strategic transactions to augment our pipeline and research capabilities, and continued providing uninterrupted supplies of our medicines globally through the second year of the COVID-19 pandemic. We accomplished these objectives while maintaining a strategic and disciplined approach to capital allocation and advancing our ESG efforts. Our approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. We have been closely monitoring the pandemic's effects on our global operations and have taken appropriate steps to minimize risks to our employees. Our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations, and we have not experienced disruptions to or shortages of our supply of medicines. We will continue to closely monitor the effects of emerging COVID-19 variants on patient behavior and access to care. Despite the ongoing pandemic and business impacts noted above, we believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including increasing pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. The pandemic has interrupted many physician-patient interactions, which has led to delays in diagnoses and treatments, with varying degrees of impact across our portfolio. We continue to expect quarter-to-quarter variability in product sales trends due to changes in the healthcare ecosystem. Our financial condition remains strong, and we believe our accumulated cash balances will allow us to continue investing in our business while returning capital to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. We are also committed to achieving long-term environmental sustainability targets, which include achieving carbon neutrality and reducing waste disposal significantly. Overall, our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility are designed to enhance our resilience and adaptability in the face of external pressures and changing market dynamics.