During the year ended December 31, 2021, we took a variety of actions to ensure the continued availability of our communications infrastructure assets, while ensuring the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors, and surrounding communities. These measures include providing support for our customers remotely, supporting continued work-from-home arrangements, and restricting travel for our employees where practicable and other modifications to our business practices. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure. A significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations as of the end of 2021 is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. Our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. We expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our Indian assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. We anticipate that our churn rate in India will moderate over time and result in reduced impacts on our property revenue, gross margin, and operating profit. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to varying tenant lease rates depending on numerous factors, including the amount, type, and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity, and tower location. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments include growth in tenant billings, including contractual rent escalations on existing tenant leases, net of churn, and new revenue attributable to leases in place on sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior-year period. We believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, with tenants in a number of other industries contributing incremental leasing demand. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. We expect that the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. We have established operations in many emerging markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term. Our financial flexibility and ability to grow our business while maintaining long-term financial policies are critical to our organizational resilience. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending December 31, 2022, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions.