The global coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic continues to disrupt and have unpredictable impacts on our global society, economies, financial markets, and business activities. We are actively monitoring and evaluating developments as the situation evolves and will continue to take further actions in our approach to address COVID-19. We have prioritized the protection of our employees during this pandemic, and as a result, our offices across the globe have remained closed, limiting access to facilities-based employees and a limited number of employees on a voluntary basis, and continue to impose some travel restrictions. In addition, our manufacturing and supply chain operations have experienced significant constraints, with component shortages, increased supply chain costs, and delays broadly impacting the industry as a whole. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners who have experienced delays in component sourcing, workforce disruptions, and governmental restrictions on the production and export of their products. Although we have worked diligently to drive improvements in these areas, including funding additional working capital and incremental purchase commitments, these delays have negatively impacted our ability to supply products to our customers on a timely basis. We have increased our purchase commitments and expect to continue to invest in working capital to address delays in component sourcing and the risk of future COVID-19 related supply chain disruptions, but we cannot be certain that such delays or disruptions will not occur. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic, the breadth and duration of governmental containment measures such as workplace, travel, and social distancing restrictions, as well as the reauthorization of or increase in such measures in the event of spikes in COVID-19 infection rates. We believe that cloud computing represents a fundamental shift from traditional legacy network architectures. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment. We must also continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers, and increase sales in the enterprise data center switching and campus workspace markets. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic with respect to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer and supplier liabilities. If actual market demand conditions or supplier execution on commitments are less favorable than those projected by management, we may be required to increase our inventory write-downs and liabilities to our contract manufacturers and suppliers, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time, depending on various factors, including pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, the mix of sales to large end customers who generally receive lower pricing, and manufacturing-related costs. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our ability to rapidly develop new features and applications, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.