We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our portfolio of industry-leading infrastructure and security software is designed to modernize, optimize, and secure the most complex hybrid environments, enabling scalability, agility, automation, insights, resiliency, and security. In response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken extensive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and contractors at our facilities, modifying workplace practices globally, which resulted in some employees working remotely for an extended period. We continue to monitor the implications of the pandemic on our business, as well as our customers' and suppliers' businesses. The demand environment for our semiconductor products has been consistent with expectations, driven by customers investing in technologies to support remote or hybrid tele-work and learning arising from COVID-19. We have taken various actions to de-risk our business in light of ongoing uncertainty and strengthen our balance sheet, including closely managing working capital and debt instruments. Our strategy combines technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions with unmatched scale to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operating and financial results. We recognize the need for operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures, including supply chain constraints due to the pandemic. The macroeconomic environment remains uncertain, and our ability to predict the impact of COVID-19 on our business in future periods remains limited. Our critical accounting estimates involve significant judgments and assumptions that may materially affect our reported financial results. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related uncertainties have caused and may continue to cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive in serving our target markets. Our ability to fund liquidity requirements will depend on future cash flows, which are determined by our operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current obligations for at least the next 12 months. We expect a slight increase in capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. Our working capital increased significantly, reflecting our operational adjustments and strategic initiatives to enhance organizational resilience amidst external disturbances.