We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing products and providing services that the market demands, continuously finding new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The global outbreak of COVID-19 has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating significant challenges for our customers and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. The pandemic has resulted in reduced airline financial performance, which plays a role in the demand for new capacity. Our customers are taking actions to combat the effects of the pandemic by preserving liquidity, which includes deferrals of payments to suppliers and cancellations of orders. We expect the commercial air travel market to recover to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024, but the pace of recovery will be dependent on COVID-19 infection rates and government restrictions. To balance supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced production rates of several of our programs. These rate decisions are based on ongoing assessments of the demand environment and availability of aircraft financing. We continue to monitor key factors affecting backlog and future demand for our commercial aircraft programs, including evolving fleet plans and the cargo market. The current environment is impacting the financial viability of some airlines, and we expect a multi-year recovery period for our commercial services business. We are experiencing production disruptions and inefficiencies due to COVID-19 impacts, but we saw improvements in 2021. We continue to transform and improve our business processes, enabling the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, maintenance, engineering, and upgrades. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, while commercial services volume is recovering but remains below pre-pandemic levels. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to adversely affect our commercial revenues in future quarters. We are closely monitoring the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production, as disruptions have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to fundamental drivers of air travel demand, but the industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments, including pandemics and increased global environmental regulations. We continue to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity, including monitoring the global trade environment and potential impacts from geopolitical developments. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks, including changes to production costs, performance issues, and regulatory requirements. We believe that the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk, as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended.