Becton, Dickinson and Company ("BD") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture, and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment, and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry, and the general public. The company's organizational structure is based upon three principal business segments, BD Medical, BD Life Sciences, and BD Interventional. We continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. Our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. Current global economic conditions remain relatively volatile due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and challenges related to global transportation channels and supply chains have subjected certain of our costs, specifically raw material and freight costs, to inflationary pressures which have unfavorably impacted our gross profit and operating margins. Our agreements with customers within certain organizational units contain multiple performance obligations including both products and certain services. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately may require judgment. The transaction price for these agreements is allocated to each performance obligation based upon its relative standalone selling price. The use of alternative estimates could result in a different amount of revenue deferral. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience. The focus on innovation and adaptability in response to external pressures is essential for sustaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational effectiveness amid complex situations. The commitment to reinvest profits into strategic initiatives is indicative of a proactive approach to resource allocation and operational management aimed at enhancing resilience and maintaining a competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment.