The COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting implementation of travel restrictions by governments around the world resulted in a significant decline in travel activities and consumer demand for related services. Since the beginning of the second quarter of 2020 and through 2021, accommodation room night declines versus the comparable period in 2019 have generally improved as government-imposed travel restrictions have eased, vaccines and other medical interventions have become more widespread, and consumer demand for travel has started to rebound. However, there have been periods of worsening trends due to spikes in COVID-19 cases and newly implemented travel restrictions. We have observed an improvement in cancellation rates since the high in April 2020, though we have seen periods of elevated cancellation rates typically coinciding with significant increases in COVID-19 cases and newly imposed restrictions. In 2021, we saw an increase in the share of room nights booked for international travel versus 2020; however, the share remained well below 2019 levels. We believe this growth was the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and the variety of accommodations we offer consumers, improve content, build distribution, and enhance the consumer experience on our online platforms. As the travel market recovers from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect to see higher than pre-COVID-19 pandemic growth rates until we return to the level of travel market demand observed prior to the pandemic. However, we believe that we have an opportunity to grow the size of our business beyond pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels in both mature and less mature markets. Our strategy to provide more payment options to consumers and travel service providers, increase the number and variety of accommodations available, and enable our long-term connected trip strategy is expected to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns, and our marketing expenses, which are primarily related to performance marketing and brand marketing, increased significantly in 2021 due to the improving demand environment. Our businesses outside of the U.S. represent a substantial majority of our financial results, and we face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as our financial results are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. The extent of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and growth prospects is highly uncertain and will ultimately depend on future developments, including the severity, extent, and duration of the pandemic and the availability and efficacy of vaccines. Our continued access to sources of liquidity depends on multiple factors, including global economic conditions, the condition of global financial markets, and our ability to meet debt covenant requirements. We cannot predict the long-term effects of the pandemic on our business or the travel and restaurant industries as a whole. Our ability to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services is critical for our future success. Factors beyond our control, such as extreme weather, travel-related health concerns, and increased focus on the environmental impact of travel, can disrupt travel and limit the willingness of travelers to visit certain locations, negatively affecting our business and results of operations.