BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's purpose and focus on the long-term, which the company believes better enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all of its stakeholders. The diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client, and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. BlackRock continues to actively monitor COVID-19 developments and their potential impact on the company's employees, business, and operations, particularly in jurisdictions where BlackRock has significant employee populations and/or business activity. The aggregate extent to which COVID-19, including existing and new variants and its related impact on the global economy, affects BlackRock's business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. BlackRock believes it is well positioned for a rising rate environment due to the breadth, diversification, and performance of its fixed income platform, which encompasses active, ETF, and non-ETF index fixed income products. The company is focused on enhancing Aladdin, with continued investment into areas such as whole portfolio, private markets, wealth, and a leading sustainable investing solution. BlackRock is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios, as sustainable investment options have the potential to offer clients better outcomes. The company has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice across BlackRock and plans to accelerate those efforts. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of the company; accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology; deliver whole portfolio solutions and become the global leader in sustainable investing. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's operational management and strategic response to environmental disruptions are designed to enhance organizational resilience, enabling the company to adapt to unexpected situations and maintain operational continuity. The company’s ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is critical for survival and growth. BlackRock's investments in technology services enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. Through strategic partnerships and technological advancements, BlackRock aims to build a collaborative network that supports innovation and resilience in a turbulent market environment. The company’s focus on sustainability and the integration of ESG factors into its investment processes reflects a commitment to organizational health and adaptability in the face of external pressures and challenges.