In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we adopted several procedures focused on ensuring the continued supply of our medicines to our patients and protecting the health, wellbeing, and safety of our workforce. We are maintaining our steadfast commitment to protecting our workforce, communities, and patients, and ensuring the continued supply of life-saving medicines. Our manufacturing sites have remained open throughout the pandemic supported by on-site personnel. We have taken a thoughtful and phased approach to bringing the rest of our workforce back to our 195 plus sites around the world, guided by principles such as serving the needs of our patients and customers, prioritizing health and safety, leading with compassion and flexibility, and modeling key learnings. We are monitoring local conditions and government direction closely and adjusting our plans as appropriate. Our clinical and commercial supply chain teams have proactively used mitigation plans to ensure our products reach our markets, clinical sites, and patients over the past months, and we have not seen any significant disruptions in our clinical or commercial supply chain due to the pandemic. We recognize this remains a challenging time for everyone, and we know patients may be facing additional hardships. Our existing patient support programs are available to help eligible patients in the U.S. who have been prescribed a Bristol Myers Squibb medicine and have lost employment and health insurance due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are continuing to employ remote interactions as appropriate to ensure continued support for healthcare professionals, patient care, and access to our medicines across our global markets. Our operational model continues to evolve, focusing on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, which will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We have achieved approximately $2.6 billion of annualized pre-tax cost savings related to the Celgene acquisition plan and are on track to achieve approximately $3.0 billion through 2022. We believe our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to advancing our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines. We continue to drive adoption of our key brands by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with other agents. We are building on the continued success of our other key brands and remain strongly committed to our strategic initiatives. Our focus on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases reflects our commitment to organizational resilience. We are committed to reducing our debt and returning capital to shareholders while ensuring our supply chain is robust and carefully managed. The future financial and operational impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Bristol Myers Squibb will depend on developments such as the ultimate duration and severity of the spread of COVID-19, the effectiveness of vaccines, and the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies. We continue to evaluate our capital structure to ensure financial risks, adequate liquidity access, and lower cost of capital are efficiently managed, which may lead to the issuance of additional debt securities or the repurchase of debt securities prior to maturity.