Our primary focus during the COVID-19 pandemic has been the safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, as well as the seamless functioning of the firm in serving our investors who have entrusted us with their capital, and our shareholders. Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting a remote work model and we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. We have also leveraged technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong. Our investment committees have continued to convene as needed, and the firm has continued to operate across investment, asset management, and corporate support functions. The business environment is materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions globally. Economic conditions strongly rebounded in 2021, particularly in the U.S., which was significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. Despite strong equity market returns overall, concerns over inflation, higher interest rates, and the impact of COVID variants on economic growth led to heightened equity market volatility. Global supply chains have continued to be disrupted, contributing to growing inflationary pressure and potentially slower real GDP growth globally. The firm has benefited from meaningful fundraising momentum in our perpetual capital strategies, which represent an increasing percentage of our total assets under management. Robust economic activity in the U.S. has supported substantial recovery in investments in our real estate portfolio that were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and continued strength in our logistics and U.S. multifamily investments. Our real estate strategies have oriented their portfolios toward investments in sectors and markets where we see opportunities for stronger relative growth, with better insulation from inflation pressure. In the U.S., heightened competition for workers, global supply chain issues, and rising input costs have contributed to increasing wages and other inputs, which increasingly pressure profit margins. The valuations of certain investments in our real estate segment, particularly in the hospitality sector, could potentially be negatively impacted if such companies and assets cannot successfully identify and execute on means to mitigate margin pressures. The increase in segment distributable earnings was attributable to increases in fee-related earnings and net realizations. Segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment were higher compared to 2020, primarily driven by increases in fee-related earnings and net realizations. Favorable market conditions contributed to significant realizations and meaningful capital deployment opportunities. Nevertheless, another significant market downturn could pose material risks, including potentially causing investors to seek liquidity in the form of redemptions from our funds and adversely impacting management fees. Our funds have continued to actively manage their portfolios to limit downside and protect capital. The credit and insurance segment also benefited from favorable liquidity conditions in 2021. However, another significant market downturn could create additional pressure for borrowers with respect to their ability to meet their debt payment obligations. The firm actively manages its portfolios to limit downside and protect capital. The increase in fee-related earnings was attributable to increases in management fees and fee-related performance revenues, partially offset by increases in fee-related compensation and other operating expenses.