We continue to monitor a variety of external factors including the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic around the world and have implemented safeguards in our facilities to protect team members in line with local governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. Operations continue to be impacted by a variety of external factors including the pandemic, supply chain disruptions, and associated cost and labor pressures. We continue to develop and modify contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. To help mitigate supply chain challenges, we have proactively redirected components and altered our assembly processes. We continue to assess the environment and are taking appropriate price actions in response to rising costs. The increase in sales volume was driven by higher end-user demand for equipment and aftermarket parts and the impact from changes in dealer inventories. In North America, sales increased due to higher end-user demand, the impact from changes in dealer inventories, and favorable price realization. Sales increased in Latin America primarily due to the impact from changes in dealer inventories, higher end-user demand, and favorable price realization. In EAME, sales increased due to higher end-user demand, the impact of changes in dealer inventories, and favorable currency impacts. The increase in sales volume was driven by higher end-user demand for equipment and aftermarket parts and the impact from changes in dealer inventories. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG&A/R&D expenses. We expect these challenges to continue this year. We expect dealer inventories to be about flat in 2022 compared to 2021. We have separately quantified the impact of several significant items. We will continue to monitor the situation as conditions remain fluid and evolve. We expect short-term incentive compensation expense will be about $1.0 billion. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume, driven by higher end-user demand for equipment and services and the impact from changes in dealer inventories, along with favorable price realization. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG&A/R&D expenses. We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily costs of goods sold and SG&A expenses of about $75 million in 2022 compared with 2021. We have implemented safeguards in our facilities to protect team members in line with local governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. We continue to develop and modify contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We continue to assess the environment and are taking appropriate price actions in response to rising costs. We expect these challenges to continue this year. We will continue to monitor the situation as conditions remain fluid and evolve. The company experienced foreign currency exchange net losses in 2020, compared with net gains in 2021. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization, partially offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs and higher SG&A/R&D expenses. We expect dealer inventories to be about flat in 2022 compared to 2021. We will continue to monitor the situation as conditions remain fluid and evolve.