In 2021, we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales growth, which is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit. We have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and while we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control. Our philosophy is to maintain compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce, which may cause us to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. We believe that our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. The health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, significantly impacts net sales growth and gross margins. We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses, although the negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses, are continuing to decline in significance. Our e-commerce business growth has increased our sales but generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse operations. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability, with the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base and sustain high renewal rates materially influencing our profitability. We believe that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows, as well as capacity under existing and available credit agreements, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to COVID-19, which may impact our operational continuity. The impact of COVID-related supply and logistics constraints has adversely affected some merchandise categories and is expected to do so for the foreseeable future. We utilize different risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program to limit exposures arising from very large losses. The costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims over time. We believe our estimates for liabilities associated with the risks we retain are reasonable and provide a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, although actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and other international operating segments, and we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar in discussions of our consolidated operating results. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.