We enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, voice, blockchain, and artificial intelligence to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. As our employees, customers, and partners begin to work in person on a periodic basis, we have launched our success from anywhere initiative and leveraged flex team agreements to decide how, when, and where our employees work. Using Slack as our digital headquarters, regardless of where employees work, employees are able to connect, share information, and get work done. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers, and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions. We expect to make investments and acquisitions in the future to continue our growth and expand our service offerings and our professional services organization in supporting the adoption of our service offerings. We have seen that customers with many of these characteristics have lower attrition rates than our company average. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent as compared to the prior year. Consistent attrition rates play a role in our ability to maintain growth in our subscription and support revenues. We expect the cost of professional services to be approximately in line with revenues from professional services in future fiscal periods. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings, helps us to secure larger subscription revenue contracts, and supports our customers' success. We have increased our headcount associated with our data centers, customer support, and professional services by 43 percent since fiscal 2021 to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures. We also plan to add employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past, and could again in the future result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. The expanding global scope of our business and the heightened volatility of global markets, including as a result of COVID-19, inflation, and geopolitical tensions, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency markets. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to contracted non-cancelable subscription agreements, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt maintenance needs over the next 12 months. We continue to make investments in our infrastructure, including offices, information technology, and data centers, as well as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. While we continue to make investments in our infrastructure, our strategy may continue to change related to these investments, and we may slow the pace of our investments. We believe that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance topics will help create long-term value for our investors.