Since early 2020, the world has been impacted by COVID-19 and its variants, which has significantly disrupted our segments, particularly at the DPEP segment where theme parks and resorts were closed and cruise ship sailings and guided tours were suspended. Operations resumed, generally at reduced capacity, at various points since May 2020. We have taken a number of mitigation efforts in response to the impacts of COVID-19 on our businesses, including increasing cash balances through the issuance of senior notes, suspending certain capital projects, and reducing discretionary expenditures. The company furloughed over 120,000 employees, most of whom have returned as operations have reopened. We may take additional mitigation actions in the future, such as raising additional financing or further suspending capital spending, which may have an adverse impact on our businesses. The most significant impact on operating income since the second quarter of fiscal 2020 from COVID-19 was at the DPEP segment due to revenue lost as a result of closures and/or reduced operating capacities. Although results improved in the second half of fiscal 2021 compared to the second half of fiscal 2020 from reopening our DPEP businesses, we continue to be impacted by reduced operating capacities. The impact of these disruptions will be dictated by the length of time that such disruptions continue, which will depend on the unknowable duration and severity of the impacts of COVID-19 and governmental actions imposed in response. Our businesses have incurred additional costs to address government regulations and the safety of our employees, guests, and talent, which totaled approximately $1 billion in fiscal 2021. The reopening or closure of our businesses is dependent on applicable government requirements, which vary by location and are subject to ongoing changes. The company believes that its financial condition remains strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and upcoming debt maturities, although certain activities have been scaled back or suspended in light of COVID-19. Depending on the duration and severity of COVID-19's impacts, the company may take additional mitigating actions, such as continuing to not declare dividends, reducing certain payments, or implementing additional furloughs. The company's operating cash flow and access to capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control, including COVID-19, which has had an adverse impact on the company's operating cash flows. The company has various commitments and guarantees, such as long-term leases and purchase commitments, that are disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. The company's production and programming activity is subject to greater uncertainty than normal due to COVID-19, which may impact the timing and revenue derived from the broadcast of live sporting events and the production of film and television content. The company has recorded non-cash impairment charges primarily related to the closure of an animation studio and a substantial number of retail stores. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 across our businesses have resulted in a greater degree of uncertainty in making judgments and estimates needed to apply significant accounting policies, which could result in meaningful impacts to our financial statements in future periods.