We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving greater than 45 million medical members through our affiliated health plans. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy, cause market instability and uncertainty in the labor market, and put pressure on the healthcare system. We continue to assist our customers, providers, members, and communities in addressing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including by providing expanded benefit coverage for COVID-19 diagnostic tests, treatment, and vaccine administration. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in increased medical costs and has impacted our membership, benefit expense, and member behavior, including how members access healthcare services. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes to manage our response and assess and mitigate potential adverse impacts to our business. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. Our comprehensive PBM services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, and member services. We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends and continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts on our pricing. We work to mitigate medical cost trends through various medical management programs such as care and condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. The COVID-19 pandemic initially caused a decrease in the utilization of non-COVID-19 health services, which decreased our claim costs in 2020. However, as the pandemic evolved, our non-COVID-19 healthcare utilization experience gradually increased toward normalized levels. The increase in operating gain was primarily driven by membership increases in both our Medicaid and Medicare businesses, including due to the acquisition of MMM on June 29, 2021, and reduced business optimization charges. We have introduced enterprise-wide initiatives to optimize our business, which represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as any further developments or judicial rulings occur. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to the evolving healthcare landscape while ensuring organizational resilience through strategic initiatives and resource allocation.