The impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our results and operations has been closely monitored, with all of our IBX data centers remaining operational. We have begun a phased plan for return-to-office for most of our non-IBX attached sites on a voluntary basis in accordance with guidance provided by government agencies. While we continue to hold virtual events, we have also resumed certain in-person events as local travel restrictions allow. We have not observed any significant disruption to our IBX data center operations, and during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the pandemic did not have a material impact on our results of operations. We believe our financial resources will allow us to manage future possible impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations, which could include reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. Our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings, with more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years derived from recurring revenues. Our strong customer base has continued to experience relatively strong collections, and we believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities and external financing sources, to meet our operating requirements. We continue to evaluate our operating requirements and financial resources in light of future developments, including those relating to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate Xscale data centers, which reflects our strategic initiatives to adapt and grow in response to market demands. Our expansion criteria depend on factors such as demand from new and existing customers, quality of design, power capacity, and access to networks. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets, as limited capacity may restrict our growth in those markets. The increased power consumption from our customers has driven us to build out new IBX data centers to support their needs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable, and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall costs and increasing flexibility. We anticipate that we will continue to invest in sales and marketing initiatives across our three regions in line with the growth of our business. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting marketplace effect. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform and integrate recent acquisitions. We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our operational management strategies are designed to maintain our integrity and performance while absorbing strain and preserving functioning despite the presence of adversity.