The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions, and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. These factors have had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. We anticipate that our operations and financial performance will continue to be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in future periods. The pandemic has necessitated actions to limit inflation pressure in our supply chain and has delayed our ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue. We are actively monitoring the pace of demand recovery to ensure the business is appropriately sized for the future. In response to the current adverse environment, we continue to partner with our airline and leasing customers and collaborate with our airframe partners on production rates for 2022 and beyond. The strategic plan to form three public companies focused on aviation, healthcare, and renewable energy will allow each to benefit from greater focus, tailored capital allocation, and strategic flexibility to deliver long-term growth and create value for customers, investors, and employees. The anticipated spin-offs are expected to enhance operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures. We continue to experience inflation pressure in our supply chain as well as delays in sourcing key materials needed for our products, which may impact our longer cycle businesses in future periods. The aviation segment's deep history of innovation and technology leadership positions it to drive long-term profitable growth and cash generation over time. Our healthcare segment has expertise in medical imaging, digital solutions, and performance improvement solutions that are essential for precision health. We are committed to innovation and investment to create more integrated, efficient, and personalized precision healthcare. The renewable energy segment is uniquely positioned to lead the energy transition with products, services, and integrated solutions that grow renewable energy generation and lower the cost of electricity. We are addressing challenges related to the energy transition by safely and reliably connecting intermittent renewable energy generation to transmission networks. The power segment remains focused on operational rigor and discipline to ensure we are securing deals that meet our financial hurdles. We are committed to maintaining a disciplined financial policy and a strong focus on liquidity to meet our business needs and financial obligations under both normal and stressed conditions. Our strategic initiatives include monitoring the impact of rising inflationary costs, supply chain challenges, and the need for operational continuity. We have taken actions to manage sourcing and logistics, material and design costs to mitigate supply chain impacts. The anticipated changes in our business structure aim to enhance our adaptability and resilience, positioning us to confront future challenges effectively while maintaining operational integrity and performance.