The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, which includes significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across Google services, Google Cloud, and other bets. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. The adverse effect of COVID-19 on 2020 advertising revenues contributed to the year-over-year growth trends, and we experienced variability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues. Throughout 2021, we remained focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses to support our long-term growth. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, be unpredictable, and affect our business and financial results. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends in our financial results may differ materially. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. As these global trends continue, our cost of doing business may increase, and our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or services may be limited. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility to adapt to unexpected situations and environmental perturbations. Our strategic initiatives focus on enhancing our organizational capabilities and resilience strategies to ensure we can confront and recover from adversity. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Our assessment of the credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment during the period was reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure and office facilities, which are essential for supporting the long-term growth of our services and products. We have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. Our acquisition of Fitbit is expected to help spur innovation in wearable devices, contributing to our adaptability and resilience in a rapidly changing market. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to invest heavily in developing localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets.