The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally and has led governmental authorities to take unprecedented measures to mitigate the spread of the disease, including travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. From an operational perspective, our businesses, including our exchanges, clearing houses, listing venues, data services businesses, and mortgage platforms, have remained open, and we do not have any plans to close any of our business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken preventative measures and implemented contingency plans, and many of our employees are continuing to work remotely. We believe that our global office closures and phased re-opening measures were and continue to be in compliance, as necessary, with local government directives and social distancing directives. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings, re-closures, and work-related travel. Global health concerns relating to COVID-19 and preventive measures taken to reduce its spread have created significant volatility in financial markets, which has resulted in higher trading volumes for some of our products and increased demand for our services. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread, and severity of the outbreak, the effectiveness of vaccines against COVID-19 over the long term and against new and emerging variants thereof, and the actions taken to contain the spread of the disease or mitigate its impact. We continue to monitor this dynamic situation, including guidance and regulations issued by U.S. and other governmental authorities. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 49% in 2021. These recurring revenues include data services, listings, and various mortgage technology solutions. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, greater emphasis on risk management, market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes, ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets, and increased automation of fixed income, mortgage, and other less automated markets. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. The evolving nature of the COVID-19 outbreak has prompted us to remain agile and responsive to changing conditions, ensuring operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.