The company has a diversified business model across the healthcare industry with flexibility designed into its manufacturing, research and development clinical operations and commercial capabilities. The robust, active business continuity plans across the company's network have been instrumental in preparing the company for events like COVID-19, and the ability to meet the majority of patient and consumer needs remains uninterrupted. The company continues to leverage its global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers away from high-risk areas to help ensure adequate and effective distribution. The company's high-quality credit rating allows superior access to the financial capital markets for the foreseeable future. The company has entered into a series of contract manufacturing arrangements for vaccine production with third-party contract manufacturing organizations, providing future supplemental commercial capacity for vaccine production and potentially transferable rights to such production if capacity is not required. The company has established a global vaccine supply network, involving multiple manufacturing sites across different countries and continents, and does not believe that a disruption at a vaccine manufacturing site would have a material financial impact on its consolidated financial statements or results. The company continues to monitor its internal and external supply arrangements, including its contract with Emergent Biosolutions and related production activities at its Bayview, Maryland facility. In response to rising healthcare costs, the company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly, striving to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases. The company operates in certain countries where economic conditions present significant challenges, and it continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. The company has accounted for operations in Argentina and Venezuela as highly inflationary, which did not have a material impact on its results. The company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and a 1% change in the value of the U.S. dollar would have a significant impact on foreign sales and net income. The company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may result in pricing pressures, including healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, and reimbursement of healthcare products. The company is involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, and other matters, and it records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated, and it will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as warranted. The company has a diversified workforce of approximately 141,700 employees worldwide who are empowered and inspired to lead with the company's credo and purpose as guides, allowing every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance its purpose and to lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence, ensuring a focus on addressing the unmet needs of society and investing for an enduring impact.