Throughout the pandemic, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers have been critical. We have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. Our priorities during the COVID-19 pandemic and related business disruptions are ensuring the health and safety of our employees; supporting and making a difference in the communities we serve; keeping our brands in supply; maintaining the quality and safety of our products; and serving our customers across all channels as they adapt to the shifting demands of consumers during the pandemic. The pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change. We identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to capture growth: winning more consumers; gaining market share; maintaining strong system economics; strengthening stakeholder impact; and equipping the organization to win. In order to deliver against these objectives, we focused on unlocking the potential of our portfolio of strong global, regional, and scaled local brands; developing a robust innovation pipeline focusing on scalable initiatives; increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency; winning in the marketplace with aligned data-driven revenue growth management and execution capabilities; and further embedding ESG goals into our operations. The company has transformed into a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. While uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic remain, we expect to continue to see improvements in our business as we continue to learn and adapt to the ever-changing environment. We recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices and are committed to meeting their needs and generating growth through our evolving portfolio of beverage brands and products. Our company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. Additionally, the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce in many markets has led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping habits and patterns. We must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment and maintain our brand loyalty and market share. We strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality, and we engage with standard-setting and industry organizations. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals is dependent on many factors, including our actions along with the actions of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, governments, and communities. We believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of the fundamental strengths of our business. We will remain flexible so that we can adjust to uncertainties resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Our current capital allocation priorities include investing wisely to support our business operations, continuing to grow our dividend payment, enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through opportunistic and disciplined acquisitions, and using excess cash to repurchase shares over time. We expect to continue to see improvements in our business as vaccines become more widely available, and we will continue to adapt to the challenges posed by the pandemic and evolving market conditions.