In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on maintaining a supply of our medicines; reducing the strain on the medical system; developing treatments for COVID-19; protecting the health, safety, and well-being of our employees; supporting our communities; and ensuring affordability of and access to our medicines, particularly insulin. The focus of resources on COVID-19, widespread protective measures implemented to control the spread of COVID-19, and the resulting strain on global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets have negatively impacted development, manufacturing, supply, distribution, and sales of our medicines. We have experienced decreased demand as a result of lack of "normal" access and fewer in-person interactions by patients and our employees with healthcare professionals. The availability of superior or competitive therapies, including therapies that can be administered more easily, or preventative measures such as vaccines, coupled with the unpredictable nature of pandemics, have negatively impacted or eliminated demand for our COVID-19 therapies. The strain on global transportation, logistics, and labor markets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain materials resulting in changed buying patterns and constrained supply have had, and may continue to have, a number of impacts on our business, including increased costs to provide a consistent supply of our medicines where they are needed and potential disruptions in the supply of our medications. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of potential new medicines. A delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. As of December 31, 2021, our material cash requirements primarily related to purchases of goods and services to produce our products and conduct our operations, capital equipment expenditures, dividends, repayment of outstanding borrowings, milestone and royalty payments, and retirement benefits. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. We face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan. While we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact on operating expenses. Our operations are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates, currency values, and fair values of equity securities. We seek to address a portion of these risks through a controlled program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. The nature of the pharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects to maintain a successful portfolio of approved products. As such, it is likely that some acquired IPR&D assets will become impaired in the future.