The company has maintained focus on the pro customer with improved in-stock inventory levels and store layout, enhanced service offerings, and expanded brand and product offerings that meet their project needs. Throughout fiscal 2021, we enhanced the customer online shopping experience with improved search and navigation functionality and expanded on-trend inventory assortments. Our disciplined focus on driving operating leverage through our perpetual productivity improvement initiatives resulted in operational process improvements that reduced the amount of time our associates spend on tasking activities and can instead focus on serving our customers. As part of these initiatives, we launched a new store inventory management system that provides associates real-time visibility to inventory in their store and reduces non-productive hours spent looking for product. Looking forward, we are focused on further enhancing our omnichannel capabilities across three key areas: expanding our online assortment, enhancing the user experience, and improving fulfillment. We have leveraged our expanded supply chain network to position our in-stock inventory for our heavy selling season. While there is uncertainty in the economy with rising interest rates and inflation, our outlook for the home improvement industry remains robust, and we believe we are well-positioned to accelerate our market share gains through our total home strategy. Cash flows from operations supplemented with our short-term and long-term borrowings remain sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth and return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. As of January 28, 2022, we held $1.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, as well as $4.0 billion in undrawn capacity on our revolving credit facilities. We believe these sources of liquidity and our continued access to the capital markets are adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next twelve months. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. We expect to continue to have access to the capital markets on both short-term and long-term bases when needed for liquidity purposes by issuing commercial paper or new long-term debt. The availability and the borrowing costs of these funds could be adversely affected by a downgrade of our debt ratings or a deterioration of certain financial ratios. Our debt ratings have enabled us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in capital markets. We do not believe it will be necessary to repatriate significant cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in foreign affiliates to fund domestic operations. Our impairment evaluations require us to apply judgment in determining whether a triggering event has occurred, including the evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that a location will be closed significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. We have not made any material changes in the methodology used to establish our self-insurance liability during the past three fiscal years. Although we believe that we have the ability to reasonably estimate losses related to claims, it is possible that actual results could differ from recorded self-insurance liabilities.