The COVID-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the United States and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty, including due to variants of the COVID-19 virus. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. Specifically, Altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains, and on economic conditions. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, it believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations. Altria continues to operate in a remote working environment for many employees and believes that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Although Altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in March 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in April 2020, and all manufacturing and non-manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic and guidance from public health officials as it evolves its safety protocols. Altria also continues to monitor the inflationary environment arising in part from the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on Altria's financial position and results of operations. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain continue to be subject to potential facility closures, remote working protocols, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. To date, Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. While the number of adult tobacco consumer trips to the store remains below pre-pandemic levels, the environment continues to evolve as the effects of government stimulus have lessened and consumer mobility returns to more normal levels. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic, including risks associated with the timing and extent of vaccine administration and the impact of COVID-19 variants, and their effect on adult tobacco consumers. Altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures and the mix between premium and discount brand purchases. Altria considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints, component part shortages, and inflation. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Cronos's business, including as a result of new variants, near-term supply chain challenges, inflation, and market valuation. Altria will continue to monitor its investment in ABI, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on ABI's business and market valuation.