We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, clouds, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. We believe our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security, while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in significant global, social, and business disruption. We have made some changes to our business including instituting a global work-from-home policy and adopting our flexwork initiative, which did not incur significant disruptions in our work operations. We will continue to actively monitor the situation, including progress made through vaccinations, and we will make further changes to our business operations as may be required by authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our stakeholders. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, and we strive to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, in part, by providing technology to help them do their best work while remote. Although some end-customers adopted our secure work-from-home solution for the longer term, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the business outlook due to COVID-19, which may curtail our end-customers' spending and could lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions, lengthen sales cycles and payment terms, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. We believe that our cash flow from operations, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings. We expect our operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on factors such as the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We have instituted a global work-from-home policy, which has been modified to provide employees with the choice to work in certain of our offices when and as they feel comfortable. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our international sales presence. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to increase touch points with end-customers and to expand our global presence.