We also continue to invest in transmission infrastructure in order to maintain and enhance system integrity and grid reliability, ensure system resilience in the face of continued extreme weather conditions and cyber and physical security threats, and address an aging transmission infrastructure. We leverage technology to improve the operation of the system, reduce transmission constraints, meet changing customer usage patterns and the demand for 24/7 electricity, and satisfy state public policy goals, including aggressive decarbonization agendas. As part of a solicitation by the BPU, we proposed two transmission projects to support the development of offshore wind, which are being evaluated by the BPU and PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. (PJM), with project awards expected in late 2022. In October 2021, FERC approved PSE&G's settlement with the BPU and the New Jersey Division of Rate Counsel regarding several amendments to our transmission formula rate, including the reduction of its base transmission return on equity (ROE) from 11.18% to 9.9%. Under current FERC rules, we continue to earn a 50 basis point adder to that base ROE for our membership in PJM. In April 2021, PSEG Power's Salem 1, Salem 2, and Hope Creek nuclear plants were awarded Zero Emission Certificates (ZECs) for the three-year eligibility period starting June 2022 at the same approximate $10 per MWh received during the current ZEC period through May 2022. Each nuclear plant is expected to receive ZEC revenue for an additional three years starting June 2022. While the ZEC program has preserved these units to date, PSEG will simultaneously seek long-term legislative or other solutions for our New Jersey nuclear plants that sufficiently value them for their carbon-free, fuel diversity, and resilience attributes. No assurances can be given regarding future ZEC awards or other long-term solutions. In the event that the ZEC program is overturned or is otherwise materially adversely modified through legal process, or if any of the Salem 1, Salem 2, and Hope Creek plants is not sufficiently valued for its environmental, fuel diversity, or resilience attributes in future periods, PSEG Power will take all necessary steps to cease to operate all of these plants. Alternatively, even with sufficient valuation of these attributes, if the financial condition of the plants is materially adversely impacted by changes in commodity prices, FERC's changes to the capacity market construct, or decisions by the EPA and state environmental regulators regarding the implementation of Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act and related state regulations, PSEG Power will take all necessary steps to cease to operate all of these plants. Ceasing operations of these plants would result in a material adverse impact on PSEG's and PSEG Power's results of operations.