We have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base and support model align appropriately with our new operating structure. We are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support our business, R&D, and PGS platform functions. Innovation, drug discovery, and development are critical to our success. Our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. We assess our business, assets, and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. Our response to COVID-19 has involved significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing, and we have collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop a vaccine to help prevent COVID-19. We continue to evaluate our vaccine and are also studying vaccine candidates to potentially prevent COVID-19 caused by new and emerging variants. Our clinical trials progressed in this challenging environment through innovation, such as decentralized visits to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits. We have made certain assumptions regarding the pandemic for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the duration, severity, and global macroeconomic impact of the pandemic. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D, and corporate enabling functions globally. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. However, we are seeing an increase in overall demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials potentially constraining available supply, which could have a future impact on our business. Future developments could result in additional favorable or unfavorable impacts on our business, operations, or financial condition and results. If we experience significant disruption in our manufacturing or supply chains or significant disruptions in clinical trials or other operations, or if demand for our products is significantly reduced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we could experience a material adverse impact on our business, operations, and financial condition and results. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers, and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. We are adapting our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information. Most of our colleagues who are able to perform their job functions outside of our facilities continue to temporarily work remotely, while certain colleagues in the PGS and WRDM organizations continue to work onsite and are subject to strict protocols intended to reduce the risk of transmission.