We are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business as the pandemic and associated macroeconomic impacts continue to evolve. While COVID-19 did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact that it may have on our business, future results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We strive to deliver on our strategic priorities in key areas, including continuing to fund key growth areas and supporting with disciplined organic, inorganic and partnership strategies. We are focused on responding to evolving customer needs and driving innovation leveraging our data, technology, and deep industry expertise by developing a digital ecosystem strategy with collaboration across customers, vendors and technology partners. We are enhancing the tools and processes our people use to better service our customers, expand intelligence and analytics capabilities, support data-driven decisions and improve end-user productivity. We are also reimagining and implementing the future hybrid office model by standardizing our technology to reshape where we work, how we work and how we serve. Our commitment to risk management, control and compliance is maintained while strengthening engagement and partnership across the company. We are encouraging career mobility and career development through career coaching and thrive, aiming to attract and retain our people through recognition programs, learning opportunities and fair compensation. The increase in operating profit was primarily due to revenue growth at all of our reportable segments combined with a decrease in occupancy costs, partially offset by higher incentive costs and an increase in compensation costs driven by additional headcount and annual merit increases. The favorable impact of foreign exchange rates increased revenue, and we have seen subscription revenue growth driven by market intelligence's average contract values and continued demand for proprietary content. We are also focused on developing key product offerings in ESG and launched new social and sustainability products. Our market intelligence segment continues to focus on developing key product offerings in growth areas such as ESG and growing new products and product features leveraging technology investments. The legal and regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to extensive regulation, and we have implemented changes as required by new laws and regulations. The impact of the adoption of any such laws, regulations or rules remains uncertain, but could increase the costs and legal risks relating to our activities or adversely affect our ability to compete. Our businesses are subject to numerous legal proceedings and inquiries, which could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions, potentially impacting our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows expected from operations and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital and debt service for 2022.