The significant impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global retail operations that began during fiscal 2021 continued to impact our business in fiscal 2022. We entered fiscal 2022 with significant ongoing global uncertainty related to the pandemic. The health and safety of our associates and customers remained a top priority during fiscal 2022, and we continue to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations that could result in possible additional impacts to our operations. Our results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part I, item 1A, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Overall, our fiscal 2022 results were significantly better than our fiscal 2021 results. We believe this additional comparison provides insight into how we are managing the business and performing as compared to our pre-pandemic results. During fiscal 2022, while our stores in the U.S. and all of our e-commerce businesses remained open for the entire period, we did have government-mandated temporary store closures in Europe, Canada, and Australia, resulting in our stores being closed in the aggregate for approximately 4% of fiscal 2022. In addition to stores being open for more days in fiscal 2022, net sales further increased due to higher customer traffic and increased average basket. The increase in open-only comp store sales was primarily driven by an increase in average basket. Our operating cash flows decreased by $1.5 billion compared to fiscal 2021 due to the $4.7 billion change in merchandise inventories net of accounts payable, driven by rebuilding inventory levels in fiscal 2022 as well as the timing of merchandise payments in fiscal 2021. The increase in segment profit was primarily driven by increased sales due to stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022. The increase in net sales reflects stores remaining open for all of fiscal 2022. The increase for fiscal 2022 was primarily driven by increased sales due to having fewer temporary store closures in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. The increase in segment profit includes improved merchandise margin primarily due to lower markdowns. We plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. We monitor debt financing markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may incur additional long-term indebtedness depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions, and other factors. The increase in net income was partially offset by a $3.2 billion increase in net income. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by incremental COVID-19 related store payroll costs and higher supply chain costs, partially offset by leverage on occupancy costs due to the strong open-only comp store sales growth and improved merchandise margin. As a result of these debt redemptions, we recorded a pre-tax debt extinguishment charge. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 will be in the range of approximately $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion, including approximately $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion for our offices and distribution centers to support growth. We declared quarterly dividends on our common stock which totaled $1.04 per share in fiscal 2022. The increase in net sales reflects temporary store closures, which were closed for approximately 12% of fiscal 2022 and 29% of fiscal 2021, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The increase in open-only comp store sales was driven by an increase in average basket, partially offset by reduced customer traffic. The increase in segment profit margin was primarily driven by higher supply chain costs and higher store payroll, including incremental COVID-19 related costs.