Our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages. The four sustainable competitive advantages provide tangible benefits: a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology that provides lower costs and greater control of our supply chain; a broad portfolio of analog and embedded processing products that offers more opportunity per customer and more value for our investments; the reach of our market channels that gives access to more customers and more of their design projects, leading to the opportunity to sell more of our products into each design and gives us better insight and knowledge of customer needs; and diversity and longevity of our products, markets, and customer positions that provide less single point dependency and longer returns on our investments. Together, these competitive advantages help position the company in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact market conditions and business operations across industries worldwide, including at our company. Therefore, we remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impact on our operations. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other. While all end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. As we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantage in manufacturing and technology as part of our long-term capacity planning, we expect our capital expenditures to be higher than historical levels. We consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets may change due to various factors, including changes in U.S. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. The calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws, and significant judgment is necessary to determine whether, based on the technical merits, a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained. Actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts, and other factors.