The ongoing medicare advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We endeavor to mitigate increases in medical costs by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. The continued uncertain impact of covid-19 may impact our ability to estimate medical costs payable, which has resulted in, and could continue to result in, increased variability to medical cost reserve development. The ultimate impact of covid-19 on our optum businesses is uncertain, as we believe covid-19 will continue to influence customer and consumer behavior, both during and after the pandemic, which could impact how and where care is delivered. The ongoing pandemic has created a dynamic situation that requires adaptability in our operations and strategic initiatives to maintain organizational health and effectiveness. Our liquidity management involves continually forecasting and managing our cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by unitedhealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, which are the main drivers of revenue, earnings, and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the mix of care delivered through accountable care models at optum health, customer penetration, and pricing trends. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term liquidity needs, and we have the ability to generate cash to satisfy both our current and long-term requirements through various means, including the issuance of commercial paper or long-term debt. Our strategic response to environmental disruptions emphasizes the importance of collaboration networks and inter-organizational collaboration to enhance resilience. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. The ability to foresee and confront sudden disruptive change is critical for our organizational survival and success, as we aim to maintain operational continuity and positive adjustment under challenging conditions. The ultimate overall impact of the pandemic remains uncertain and dependent on various factors, including the severity of new variants of the covid-19 virus, the effectiveness of vaccination and treatment administration, and general economic uncertainty.