We are focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve, growing operating profit, and allocating capital in a disciplined fashion. The customer first component of our strategy focuses on enhancing the capabilities that we believe our customers value the most: speed and ease of access to our services. The people led component of our strategy aims to enhance the employee value proposition. Our innovation driven strategic approach utilizes technology and automation to deliver sustainable improvements to our network and to enhance the customer experience. We continue to monitor the impacts of external conditions on our business; however, we anticipate that demand for our services will remain strong. The overall economic environment continues to be challenging, with global supply chain disruption resulting in capacity constraints that drove higher transportation costs. Rising inflation and labor market challenges continue to cause wage pressures in certain markets. We experienced a year-over-year increase in commercial volume as business returned to pre-pandemic levels, while business-to-consumer volume declined, partly due to the surge in e-commerce at the onset of the pandemic. We expect overall volume growth levels in 2022 to remain consistent with 2021. The impact of divesting ups freight was more than offset by revenue growth from the remaining businesses, primarily forwarding and logistics. Forwarding growth was driven by higher volumes in our air and ocean freight businesses and market rate and base pricing increases. Within logistics, we experienced strong growth in our healthcare operations. Our transformation strategy costs and adjustments to operating expenses reflect our ongoing efforts to adapt to changing market conditions. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide additional meaningful information to assist users of our financial statements in more fully understanding our financial results and assessing our ongoing performance. We supplement the presentation of our operating profit, operating margin, income before income taxes, net income, and earnings per share with non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of charges related to transformation activities. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a corridor for our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans immediately as part of investment income. We believe that our estimated reserves for claims are adequate; however, actual experience in claim frequency and/or severity of a claim could materially differ from our estimates and affect our results of operations. We anticipate making discretionary contributions to our company-sponsored U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are included within expected employer contributions to plan trusts. We expect the elevated level of demand to persist, and our current investment program anticipates investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities, including projects to support our environmental sustainability goals. Our ongoing efforts to improve our working capital efficiency include a supply chain finance program to optimize our capital structure. We deploy a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, including returns to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We regularly evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt to refinance existing debt and to fund operations. We believe that these positions, expected cash from operations, access to commercial paper programs, and other available liquidity options will be adequate to fund our material short- and long-term cash requirements.