As the effects of an evolving coronavirus pandemic continue, much remains uncertain. Our priority remains the safety of our employees, clients, and the communities in which we live and operate. We are taking a phased approach to reopening our offices, with most of our employees currently working remotely. We continue to remain in close and regular contact with our employees, clients, partners, and governments globally to help them navigate these challenging times. The ongoing effects of COVID-19 remain difficult to predict due to numerous uncertainties, including the transmissibility, severity, duration, and resurgence of the outbreak; new variants of the virus; the uptake and effectiveness of health and safety measures or actions that are voluntarily adopted by the public or required by governments or public health authorities, including vaccines and treatments; the speed and strength of an economic recovery, including the reopening of borders and the resumption of international travel; and the impact to our employees and our operations, the business of our clients, suppliers, and business partners. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact on our business. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to offer products and solutions that facilitate secure, reliable, and efficient money movement for all participants in the ecosystem. We regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities, and capital expenditures, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes in the future through the issuance of either debt or equity. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives. The objectives of our treasury policies are to provide adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios, ensure timely completion of payments settlement activities, make planned capital investments in our business, pay dividends and repurchase our shares at the discretion of our board of directors, and invest excess cash in securities that enable us to first meet our working capital and liquidity needs while earning additional income. We believe that our current and projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. We maintain and regularly review global settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash flow from our operations, our investment portfolio, and access to various equity and borrowing arrangements. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. However, if current market conditions deteriorate, the liquidity of our investment portfolio may be impacted, and we could determine that some of our investments are impaired, which could adversely impact our financial results. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives, which are essential for maintaining operational continuity and adapting to future challenges.