Actual results and outcomes could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including fluctuations in the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies and the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, as well as fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization. Fixed costs include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our online stores, web services, electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment network. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, and infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We expect spending in technology and infrastructure will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We believe that advances in technology—specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning—will continue to improve users’ experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people’s lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We are also investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices as well as the development of a satellite network for global broadband service and autonomous vehicles for ride-hailing services. Technology and infrastructure costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs, including servers, networking equipment, data center depreciation and amortization, rent, utilities, and other expenses necessary to support AWS and other Amazon businesses. Collectively, these costs reflect the investments we make to offer a wide variety of products and services to our customers, and we allocate these costs to segments based on usage. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in absolute dollars in 2023 compared to the prior year is primarily due to increased spending on infrastructure and payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new offerings.