We are a leading global provider of cloud-based human capital management ("HCM") technology solutions to employers around the world. Our HCM solutions, which include both software and outsourcing services, are designed to help our clients manage their workforce through a dynamic business and regulatory landscape and the changing world of work. We continuously seek to enhance our leading HCM solutions to further support our clients. We see tremendous growth opportunity ahead as we focus on our three key strategic priorities: leading with best-in-class HCM technology, providing unparalleled expertise and outsourcing, and leveraging our global scale for the benefit of our clients. During the fiscal year, we drove strong progress across a number of key measures and in support of our overall strategic priorities. We continued the deployment of our unified user experience to key portions of our portfolio such as the run mobile app. We were awarded top HR product for the 8th consecutive year at the annual HR tech conference, in recognition for our recently launched intelligent self-service solution. Our strong business model generates significant cash flows with low capital intensity and offers a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients' HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our re-investments, longer-term strategy, and commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Systems development and programming costs increased for fiscal 2023 due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. The increases in expenses were due to increased costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue, increases in selling expenses, and investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. We believe these results are largely attributable to improvements made to our platforms and service over multiple years. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We believe that the exclusion of the identified items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. The minimum allowed credit rating at the time of purchase for corporate, Canadian government agency, and Canadian provincial bonds is BBB, for asset-backed securities is AAA, and for municipal bonds is A. Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments and client funds assets. Our corporate investments are invested in cash and cash equivalents and highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. These assets are available for our regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, capital expenditures, and/or acquisitions, as well as other corporate operating purposes. Our client funds assets are invested with safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary objectives.