The company’s strategy to drive long-term shareholder value is to pursue growth through product development and distribution expansion and to achieve efficiencies by modernizing its technology and streamlining its operations. Customer expectations and preferences are changing, with trends indicating that existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that are easily understood and can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. Aflac Japan continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and utilize its system that enables smart device-based insurance applications by allowing the customer and an Aflac Japan operator to see the same screen through their smart devices. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. The company has committed $400 million to Aflac Ventures, LLC, with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. Aflac Japan's investment portfolios include U.S. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities, and the company monitors the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on its investments. The company utilizes various strategies, including derivatives, to manage risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations. The governance framework supporting liquidity, capital, and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital-related decisions. The company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing sensitivity to market risk conditions, including the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the parent company and parent company capital contributions. Aflac Japan's solvency margin is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, and the company employs policy reserve matching investment strategies to mitigate these risks. The company’s technology management practices are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The company expects that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The company has also undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's solvency margin. The company’s internal reinsurance platform is utilized to execute internal reinsurance transactions, optimizing capital requirements and supporting operational flexibility. The company believes that its technology capabilities and digital transformation initiatives will continue to enhance its competitive advantage and support its strategic objectives.