The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies, and municipalities. We also hold other telecommunications infrastructure and property interests that we lease primarily to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. Our property operations accounted for 99% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023, which includes segments such as U.S. & Canada property, Asia-Pacific property, Africa property, Europe property, and Latin America property segments. We believe that the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, with tenants in a number of other industries contributing incremental leasing demand. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities for us, including the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, which will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. Additionally, we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. We have established operations in many markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk. Our revenues are derived from leasing the right to use our communications sites and data center facilities, with most of our revenue accounted for as lease revenue. We recognize a right-of-use lease asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases, which requires us to make certain assumptions for each lease, including lease term and discount rate. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. The carrying value of tenant-related intangible assets in India was $344.8 million as of December 31, 2023, which represents 3% of our consolidated balance of $12.2 billion. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio.