We expect spending in technology and infrastructure will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in AWS, which offers a broad set of on-demand technology services, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning, and other services to developers and enterprises of all sizes. We seek to efficiently manage shareholder dilution while maintaining the flexibility to issue shares for strategic purposes, such as financings, acquisitions, and aligning employee compensation with shareholders' interests. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows. Free cash flows are driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, and cash capital expenditures, including our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment. We also expect some variability in accounts payable days over time since they are affected by several factors, including the mix of product sales, the mix of sales by third-party sellers, the mix of suppliers, seasonality, and changes in payment and other terms over time, including the effect of balancing pricing and timing of payment terms with suppliers. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. Our technology and infrastructure costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and infrastructure so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever-increasing scale. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in absolute dollars in 2023, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to an increase in spending on infrastructure and increased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings.