We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. We acquired VMware to enhance our infrastructure software capabilities. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand. Our semiconductor solutions segment includes all of our product lines and intellectual property licensing. Our infrastructure software segment includes our mainframe, distributed and cyber security solutions, and our FC SAN business. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of the VMware merger and any further acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. Our primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, cash we expect to generate from operations and available capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in fiscal year 2024 as compared to fiscal year 2023. Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the VMware merger. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes, the term loans we issued to fund the VMware merger, and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.