We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support growth initiatives. Continued progress on our initiatives improved our operating performance for the fiscal year. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which includes expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Given the unpredictability of gas prices, we cannot predict whether gas prices will increase or decrease, nor can we predict how any future changes in gas prices will impact our sales in future periods. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to inflation, fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions. We have also experienced continued pressure on average hourly wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2023. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years. We believe as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry. We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support growth initiatives. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our supply chain initiatives, which includes expanded hub and mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and new stores. The amount of investments in our new stores is impacted by different factors, including whether the building and land are purchased or leased and whether such buildings are located in the U.S., Mexico or Brazil, or located in urban or rural areas. We anticipate that we will rely primarily on internally generated funds and available borrowing capacity to support a majority of our capital expenditures, working capital requirements and stock repurchases. Our ability to obtain alternative sources of financing, if necessary, remains strong. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business. Our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital was 55.4% as compared to 52.9% for the prior year. We believe that our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support growth initiatives. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us.