We are experiencing strong demand from our airline customers globally. The commercial market outlook forecast projects a 3.5% growth rate in the global fleet over a 20-year period. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. The introduction of new aircraft and derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production, and certification schedules. These challenges include significant global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins include changes to the program accounting quantity, production costs and rates, and operational and supply chain challenges. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and data analytics and digital services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, with the U.S. government services market comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, leveraging our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain, which has been adversely impacted by production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. The commercial aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with aggressive international competitors intent on increasing their market share. Continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. The current state of U.S.-China relations remains an ongoing watch item, as geopolitical economic developments may impact the company. We are closely monitoring developments, supporting our employees and customers, and will take mitigating actions as appropriate. Our business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges, and many development programs have highly complex designs. Technical or quality issues arising during development may result in schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. The demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of aircraft will continue to grow as the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet increases. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets.