BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. Market volatility, growing cost pressures, and complexity in optimizing whole portfolios underscore the need for enterprise operating and risk management technology, and should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin. Clients increasingly want to tailor how they use Aladdin to meet their specific needs, and BlackRock is providing them with choice and flexibility. Through the integration of Aladdin and eFront, clients are able to better manage and analyze risk across their whole portfolio spanning public and private markets. BlackRock is empowering clients with data and opening Aladdin by creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems and others. This connectivity helps clients work in their Aladdin environments with a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. Investments in Aladdin AI copilots, enhancements in openness supporting ecosystem partnerships, and advancing whole portfolio solutions including private markets and digital assets are expected to further augment the value of using Aladdin. As the asset management landscape shifts globally from individual product selection to a whole-portfolio approach, BlackRock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions. This includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. Digital wealth tools are an important component of BlackRock's retail strategy, as BlackRock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management, powered by Aladdin. BlackRock has seen strong momentum in outsourcing solutions among institutional clients, including the funding of several significant mandates in 2023, and anticipates continued outsourcing opportunities in the future. Across BlackRock, many clients are focusing on the impact of sustainability factors on their portfolios. This shift has been driven by an increased understanding of how sustainability-related factors can affect economic growth, asset values, and financial markets as a whole. BlackRock believes its strategy aligns with expected future client demand and structural growth opportunities in areas including private markets, such as infrastructure and private credit; integrated whole portfolio and outsourced solutions; ETFs; Aladdin technology; and fixed income, as allocations to the asset class have become more attractive in a higher rate environment. BlackRock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The planned combination of GIP with BlackRock's complementary infrastructure offerings will create a broad global infrastructure franchise with differentiated origination and asset management capabilities. Marrying the proprietary origination and business improvement capabilities of GIP and BlackRock's global corporate and sovereign relationships is expected to provide a platform for diversified, large-scale sourcing to support deal flow and co-investment opportunities for clients.