Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities, managing our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis, with few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team is responsible for significant capital allocation decisions and investment activities. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion, as our operating businesses have been impacted by government and private sector actions to mitigate adverse economic effects, as well as global geopolitical conflicts and supply chain disruptions. We cannot reliably predict the future economic effects of these events on our businesses. Our insurance businesses possess distinct activities, including underwriting and investing, with underwriting decisions made by unit managers and investment decisions by Berkshire's chairman and CEO. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or gains and losses, considering investment income integral to our aggregate insurance operating results. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses include Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories, except in BHRG's retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses. The nature, extent, timing, and perceived reliability of loss information received from ceding companies varies widely depending on the type of coverage and contractual reporting terms. We maintain internal procedures to ensure that the information is complete and compliant with contract terms. Our periodic underwriting results may include foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based subsidiaries. We believe that investment gains and losses on investments in equity securities are generally meaningless in understanding our reported periodic results or evaluating the economic performance of our operating businesses. Our periodic underwriting results are subject to considerable volatility from significant catastrophe loss events, and we currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. We have written considerable levels of property business in recent years and generally do not retrocede the risks we assume. Our periodic underwriting earnings are subject to considerable volatility from significant catastrophe loss events. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting has been evaluated, and we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023. The evaluation was based on the framework in internal control-integrated framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our management's discussion and analysis reflects significant liquidity and a strong capital base, with Berkshire's shareholders' equity at December 31, 2023, being $561.3 billion. We continue to maintain ample liquidity, which is paramount, and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting gains in 2023 and 2021, and the average cost of float was negative in those years. We anticipate that payments will be funded by operating cash flows. We are also obligated to pay claims arising from our property and casualty insurance companies, with liabilities approximately $146 billion at December 31, 2023.