In 2023, our business has been impacted by global supply chain disruptions which improved compared to 2022, but challenges still exist. We have experienced increases in cost and limited availability of certain raw materials, components, and other inputs necessary to manufacture and distribute our products due to constraints and inflation within the global supply chain. Our operational structure has been reorganized to aggregate core businesses, which generate revenues from the sale of medical devices into two reportable segments: medsurg and cardiovascular. We remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. Our research and development expenses increased as a result of investments across our businesses to maintain a pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth. The implementation of the 2023 restructuring plan is estimated to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $450 million to $550 million, which will drive operational efficiencies and resiliency. The 2023 restructuring plan will advance our global supply chain optimization strategy, which is intended to simplify our manufacturing and distribution network. We expect a substantial portion of the savings from this plan to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. Our endoscopy business develops and manufactures devices to diagnose and treat a broad range of gastrointestinal and pulmonary conditions with innovative, less invasive technologies. Our urology business develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological conditions, while our neuromodulation business develops devices to treat neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain. The cardiology division represents the combined former rhythm management and interventional cardiology divisions, and our cardiology business develops and manufactures devices and medical technologies for diagnosing and treating heart diseases. Our peripheral interventions business develops products to diagnose and treat peripheral arterial and venous diseases. We have modified our list of emerging markets countries to include all countries except the United States, Western and Central Europe, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, and our emerging markets' net sales grew significantly in 2023. We assess our businesses and product offerings regularly to ensure alignment with market dynamics and consumer demands. We have incurred cumulative expenses related to the EU MDR implementation, which requires compliance with new regulatory frameworks. Our internal control over financial reporting is effective, and we have designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting. We have assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, and based on our assessment, we believe that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level. We have excluded our majority stake investment in Acotec Scientific Holdings Limited and our acquisitions of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. and Relievant Medsystems, Inc. from our annual assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. Our liquidity plans are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including macroeconomic conditions and adverse tax outcomes, which could limit our ability to execute our business plans. We believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations, and access to capital markets will be sufficient to fund our operations and invest in our infrastructure.