Our intelligent system design strategy allows us to quickly adapt to our customers' dynamic design requirements. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative semiconductor and electronic systems, so demand for our technology and expertise is driven by increasing complexity and our customers' need to invest in new designs and products that are highly differentiated. Consistent with our intelligent system design strategy, we completed several acquisitions since the beginning of fiscal 2023 that we believe enhance our talent, our technology portfolio and our ability to pursue attractive opportunities in the markets we serve. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, was primarily due to improved results from operations, the timing of cash receipts from customers and the timing of cash disbursements. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, acquiring other companies and businesses, and making investments. Our strategy allows us to deliver essential computational software, hardware and IP that our customers use to turn their design concepts into reality. Revenue growth from our emulation and prototyping hardware offerings contributed to the growth experienced in each geography, except the United States. This growth was driven by increased production capacity during fiscal 2023 to address continued demand from our customers. The percentage of our recurring and up-front revenue and fluctuations in revenue within our geographies are impacted by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers in any single fiscal period. We have been impacted by the continued expansion of trade control laws and regulations, including certain export control restrictions concerning advanced node IC production in China, the inclusion of additional Chinese technology companies on the Bureau of Industry and Security "entity list" and regulations governing the sale of certain technologies. We continuously monitor geopolitical conflicts around the world and their effects on our business. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, our annual mid-year promotion and pay raise cycle, stock-based compensation, foreign exchange rate movements, acquisition-related costs, and volatility in variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. We expect to continue attracting and retaining talent dedicated to research and development activities through hiring and acquisitions. Our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by our earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses, acquisitions and investments. Our future effective tax rates may also be materially impacted by tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings at rates different from the United States federal statutory rate, research credits, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, closure of statutes of limitations or settlement of tax audits and changes in tax law. We recognize lower expenses in periods when the U.S. dollar strengthens in value against other currencies, and we recognize higher expenses when the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies. The termination of our operations in Russia has not materially limited our ability to develop or support our products and has not had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows.