We continue to upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. Our advanced wifi, a managed wifi service that provides customers an optimized home network and greater control over connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to all of our internet customers. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with increasing availability of out-of-home wifi access points across our footprint. In addition, we continue to work towards the construction of our own 5G mobile data-only network in targeted areas of our footprint leveraging our CBRS priority access licenses. We are also beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance, all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth and retention. We believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and sell additional products to our existing customers by continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services. The increase in capital expenditures was primarily driven by higher spend on network evolution, support capital, and customer premise equipment. We currently expect full year 2024 capital expenditures to total between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion, including line extensions of approximately $4.5 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps, or dispositions against our objectives, including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development, or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including investing in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, and the build-out and deployment of our CBRS spectrum. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our leverage ratio was 4.42 times adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2023. As adjusted EBITDA grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. The impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented. Our investments in technology management and operational flexibility are aimed at enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and drive performance improvements.