We are strengthening and leveraging our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, artificial intelligence, ecommerce and data and analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. Our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We plan to continue to invest behind our data strategy, digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses. The substantial growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. We continue to prioritize our investments in high growth segments within our oral care, personal care and pet nutrition businesses. We are also seeking to lead in the development of human capital, and to maximize the impact of our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies. We are engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale and have major manufacturing facilities, warehousing facilities and distribution centers in every region around the world. We continue to broaden our ecommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth; pursuing higher-growth adjacent categories and segments, expanding in faster growing channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We believe that growth opportunities are greater in those areas of the world in which economic development and rising consumer incomes expand the size and number of markets for our products. The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics and advertising and promotional materials, among other things. We continue to monitor the impact of geopolitical events and tensions, such as the war in Ukraine, the Israel-Hamas war and tensions between China and Taiwan and the challenging market conditions discussed above on our business and the related uncertainties and risks. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint and a commitment to profitability and driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges we face and increase shareholder value over time. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs and to lead in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies, which we are working to integrate across our organization. We continue to believe that our digital transformation is crucial for our competitive advantage and operational flexibility in a rapidly evolving market landscape.