Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, including capital and liquidity management, by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Our national banking strategy, which includes our national brand and marketing strategy, cafés, and tech/digital investments, has enabled us to both deepen and grow our overall customer base. We expect net interest income and our net interest margin to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The provision for credit losses increased by $4.6 billion to $10.4 billion in 2023 compared to 2022, primarily driven by growth and continued credit normalization in our domestic credit card loan portfolio. Our capital management processes are linked to risk management practices, including the enterprise-wide identification, assessment, and measurement of risks to ensure that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. We use identified risks to inform key aspects of the company's capital planning, including the development of stress scenarios, the assessment of the adequacy of post-stress capital levels, and the appropriateness of potential capital actions considering the company's capital objectives. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company, including the identification and ownership of risk, advising and challenging first-line management, and providing independent assurance. The framework establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, including cyber and technology risk, data management, and third-party management. We recognize that operational risk management and technology risk management enforce these practices and deliver reporting of operational risk results to senior business leaders, the executive committee, and the board of directors. Our liquidity framework uses internal and regulatory stress testing and the evaluation of other balance sheet metrics to confirm we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events. We maintain access to a diversified mix of funding sources, along with a stockpile of liquidity reserves, to effectively manage our liquidity risk. Our governance framework provides for oversight of methods, models, qualitative adjustments, process controls, and results. We have model policies established by an independent model risk office, which govern the validation of models and related supporting documentation to ensure the appropriate use of models for estimating credit losses. The chief operational risk officer, in collaboration with the chief technology risk officer, is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program. Our strategic risk management policy encompasses an ongoing assessment of risks associated with corporate or line of business-specific strategies. We continuously monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk, including the use of proprietary models that incorporate credit bureau data and other factors. Our allowance for credit losses represents management's current estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual terms of our loans held for investment as of each balance sheet date.