Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense, relative to our non-gasoline businesses. The membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and other international operating segments. Certain operations in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery. Our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, generally has a lower gross margin percentage than our warehouse operations. Our financial performance is influenced by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. Cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. Changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories are impacted by several factors, including inventory levels and turnover, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts. Our primary requirements for capital are acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. We opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2023, and plan to open up to 28 additional new warehouses, including one relocation, in 2024. Management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows, with capacity under existing and available credit agreements, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in technology systems are critical to our operational efficiency and effectiveness in meeting business needs.