We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, acquiring yard equipment, and lease buyouts of certain facilities. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2023 of $345.1 million, or 12.1% as compared to fiscal 2022 came from an increase in the U.S. of $308.5 million, driven primarily by an increase in revenue per car due to higher auction selling prices, which we believe is due to a change in mix of vehicles sold and restrictions within the global supply chain for automobiles and an increase in volume. The growth in international was driven primarily by an increase in revenue per car due to a change in mix of vehicles sold and an increase in volume. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. These indicators include service and vehicle sales revenue, which consists of auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. We recognize revenue for these services when the single performance obligation is satisfied at the completion of the auction process. Our service revenue consists of auction and auction-related sales transaction fees charged for vehicle remarketing services. We do not take ownership of these consigned vehicles which are stored at our facilities located throughout the U.S. and international locations. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements in the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. The increase in total other income for fiscal 2023 of $101.8 million, or 299.0% as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher interest income earned from treasury bills, realized and unrealized foreign currency gains, net against a decrease in interest expense and decrease of extinguishment of debt offset by losses from equity method investments. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe the long-term trend of increases in total loss frequency will continue. We cannot predict the movements of factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns with precision. The increase in yard operations expenses for fiscal 2023 of $208.5 million, or 15.9% as compared to fiscal 2022 resulted from an increase in the cost to process each car combined with an increase in volume. The increase in cost to process each car was driven by increased subhaul costs primarily related to the fluctuation of fuel costs, and labor costs, combined with an increase in premiums for catastrophic related subhaul, labor costs incurred from overtime, and increased travel and lodging associated with hurricane Ian.