We are integrating our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration, applications, and the cloud to create highly secure, intelligent platforms for our customers' digital businesses. These platforms are designed to help our customers manage more users, devices, and things connecting to their networks. We remain focused on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist our customers in executing on their digital transformations. Our strategy is to securely connect everything. We are committed to driving a trusted customer experience, through our innovation, solutions, choice, and people. In fiscal 2023, we delivered strong results with growth in revenue and profitability. We continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We believe these mitigating actions have helped us to optimize our access to critical components and meet customer demand for our products as a result of the component shortages and significant supply constraints we saw in past periods. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. We expect increased payments related to inventory and other supply-related payments through at least the next 12 months. We believe that the amount of our inventory and inventory purchase commitments is appropriate for our current and expected customer demand and revenue levels. We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments. Our revenue, which includes product and service for each segment, is summarized in the following table. Our total revenue reflected growth across each of our geographic segments. In addition to the impact of macroeconomic factors, including the IT spending environment and the level of spending by government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by the timing of revenue recognition for complex transactions with multiple performance obligations. We believe this was due to customers absorbing recently shipped products, adjusting to significant reductions in product lead times, and macroeconomic conditions. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs, and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We are subject to various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. Our ongoing assessment of our privately held investments and customer financings may require additional disclosures or consolidation of these entities.