The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment, and detection technology also supports safety performance. The company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. Management believes economic profit provides additional perspective to investors about financial returns generated by the business by representing a profit generated over and above the cost of capital used by the business to generate that profit. Economic profit is designed to incentivize strategic investments that earn more than the required return. Increases in economic profit indicate that the company is effectively allocating capital and rewarding shareholders by generating growth in excess of the incremental cost of capital associated with reinvestment in the business. The company has seen an improvement in service metrics throughout 2023. The company is committed to returning cash to shareholders. Capital structure, capital investments, and cash distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors. Management's assessment of market conditions and other factors guides the timing and volume of repurchases. Future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from operations, and debt issuances. The company is focused on investments that promote profitable growth, including projects supporting service enhancements and productivity initiatives, including investments in locomotives and freight cars. The company has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in February 2028. The company is committed to investments that promote profitable growth, including projects supporting service enhancements and productivity initiatives, including investments in locomotives and freight cars. The company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. The company is party to contractual arrangements that obligate it to make future cash payments, which impact its liquidity and capital resource needs. The company's contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, purchase commitments, leases, and other post-employment benefits. The company is focused on its strong safety culture, including instilling the importance of safety in new hires. The company has seen an improvement in service metrics throughout 2023, with velocity and dwell improving 12% and 17%, respectively, relative to 2022. The company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the market.