The company is creating new sources of value through its integrated model allowing it to expand into personalized, technology-driven care delivery and health services, increasing access to quality care, delivering better health outcomes and lowering overall health care costs. The company completed the acquisition of two key health care delivery assets to enhance its ability to execute on its care delivery strategy by advancing its primary care, home-based care and provider enablement capabilities. In connection with its new operating model adopted in the first quarter of 2023, the company realigned the composition of its segments to reflect how its chief operating decision maker reviews information and manages the business. The company's segments maintain separate financial information, and the chief operating decision maker evaluates the segments' operating results on a regular basis in deciding how to allocate resources among the segments and in assessing segment performance. The company has four reportable segments: health care benefits, health services, pharmacy & consumer wellness and corporate/other. The health services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, delivers health care services in its medical clinics, virtually, and in the home, and offers provider enablement solutions. The company is exposed to funding and regulation of, and changes in government policy with respect to and/or funding or regulation of, the various Medicare programs in which the company participates. Competitive pressures in the pharmacy benefit management industry have caused the company to continue to share with clients a larger portion of rebates, fees and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. The company expects benefits from enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives and investments in efficiencies, which aim to reduce the company's operating cost structure in a way that improves the consumer experience and is sustainable. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, debt maturity schedule, capital expenditure requirements, dividend payouts, potential share repurchases and future investments or acquisitions. During 2023, approximately 74% of the company's total capital expenditures were for technology, digital and other strategic initiatives. The company expects growth in its new Cordavis, Oak Street Health and Signify Health businesses. The company evaluates and adjusts its approach in each of the markets it serves, considering all relevant factors. The company is committed to mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The company believes excluding the amortization of intangible assets enhances the company's and investors' ability to compare the company's past financial performance with its current performance and to analyze underlying business performance and trends. The company utilizes various financial and operating covenants to manage its debt and maintain financial flexibility. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives. The company maintains capital levels in its operating subsidiaries at or above targeted and/or required capital levels and dividends amounts in excess of these levels to meet liquidity requirements, including the payment of interest on debt and stockholder dividends. The company expects to prudently reinvest a portion of this net improvement into its business.