The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k/a. Discover Financial Services ("DFS") is a digital banking and payment services company. We provide digital banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We remain committed to managing expenses while continuing to make investments in profitable long-term growth, including investments in compliance and risk management capabilities. The increase in professional fees was primarily due to increased consulting supporting compliance and risk management initiatives. The increase in information processing and communications was driven primarily from investments in technology. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingency uses of funding. Our liquidity portfolio was composed of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. We seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth, and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. Our capital levels demonstrated resiliency under stress, staying well above regulatory minimums. The federal reserve also revised the scope of application of its existing regulatory guidance for capital planning to align with the tailoring framework. We have several strategies we can deploy to prevent an early amortization event, including adding receivables to the securitization trust. The provision for credit losses increased as compared to the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily driven by loan growth, increasing delinquencies, and macroeconomic variables impacting household cash flows. The allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost. The overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in the loss forecast models. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven primarily by higher headcount. We continue to evaluate the impact of the California Consumer Privacy Act, as well as other federal and state laws, on our businesses and other providers of consumer financial services. The potential impact to us of these legislative and regulatory developments is uncertain at this time, although we expect that the emerging legal and regulatory requirements on ESG issues will result in additional compliance and reporting costs to us. We continue to monitor and assess the potential impact of these legislative and regulatory developments. The federal reserve finalized regulatory amendments that made targeted changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting, and stress capital buffer requirements for firms subject to category IV standards, including DFS. The amended rules also provide category IV firms with the option to submit to supervisory stress tests during off years if they wish for the federal reserve to reset the stress test portion of their SCB requirement.