During the third quarter of 2023, management implemented the "2023-2024 business efficiency program" to refine the focus of our investments and optimize our physical footprint, which includes the write-off of certain information technology assets and contract exit costs, a reduction in staff including the relocation of certain job functions, and the impairment of assets associated with the closure or partial closure of data centers and offices. This program is expected to be substantially complete by the end of the third quarter of 2024. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We expect carelonrx to continue to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. The acquisition of bioplus aligns with our vision to be an innovative, valuable, and inclusive healthcare partner by providing care management programs that improve the lives of the people we serve. Our branding strategy reflects the evolution of our business from a traditional health insurance company to a lifetime, trusted health partner. Given this evolution, we reviewed and modified how we manage our business, monitor our performance, and allocate resources, which has implications for our IT capability. We have continued growing our government-sponsored business through organic growth and acquisitions. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs, innovative product design, and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our centers for medicare and medicaid services star ratings. We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends and frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. Our operating expenses consist of fixed and variable costs, and other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation, and changes in productivity. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. Our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements while preserving our asset base. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases, and dividends to shareholders. Our ability to borrow under the 5-year facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt-to-capital ratio. We have established an allowance for credit loss and recorded credit loss expense as a reflection of our expected impairment losses. The effective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition.