We provide a global, vendor-neutral data center, interconnection and edge solutions platform with offerings that aim to enable our customers to reach everywhere, interconnect everyone and integrate everything. Global enterprises, service providers and business ecosystems of industry partners rely on our IBX data centers and expertise around the world for the safe housing of their critical IT equipment and to protect and connect the world's most valued information assets. Our interconnected data centers around the world allow our customers to increase information and application delivery performance to users, and quickly access distributed IT infrastructures and business and digital ecosystems, while significantly reducing costs. Our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective interconnection that increases data traffic exchange while lowering overall cost and increasing flexibility. Our focused business model is built on our critical mass of enterprise and service provider customers and the resulting "marketplace" effect. This global platform, combined with our strong financial position, has continued to drive new customer growth and bookings. We are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 33 countries with the industry's largest and most active ecosystem of partners in our sites, proven operational reliability, improved application performance and a highly scalable set of offerings. Our cabinet utilization rate represents the percentage of cabinet space billed versus total cabinet capacity, which is used to measure how efficiently we are managing our cabinet capacity. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To serve the needs of the growing hyperscale data center market, including the world's largest cloud service providers, we have entered into joint ventures to develop and operate xScale data centers. Our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, clouds and software partners, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, automation capabilities, developer talent pool, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis and in-place customers. Our business is primarily based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. We consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length, and thereafter automatically renews in one-year increments. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase across all three regions as we continue to invest in our operations to support our growth, including investments to enhance our technology platform, and to integrate recent acquisitions. We anticipate that we will continue to invest in sales and marketing initiatives across our three regions in line with the growth of our business. Our adjusted EBITDA results have increased each year in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier, as well as due to the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature. Our primary sources of liquidity were $2.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents, alongside $3.9 billion of additional liquidity available from our revolving facility and general access to both the public and private debt and equity capital markets. We believe that our sources of liquidity, including our expected future operating cash flows, are sized to adequately meet both the near and long term material cash commitments for the foreseeable future.