The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2023, we invested 17.8% of our net sales in research and development. The planned separation of our critical care product group will enable us to pursue expanded opportunities for TAVR, TMTT, and surgical patients, as well as new investments in interventional heart failure technologies. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. Our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners. The severity and duration of the impact of these conditions on our business cannot be predicted. The global economy, including the financial and credit markets, continues to experience volatility and disruptions, including conditions impacting inflation, credit and capital markets, interest rates, and factors affecting global economic stability and the political environment relating to healthcare. We expect to continue to experience adverse effects related to COVID-19 for some time, particularly as hospital systems continue experiencing budget constraints and staffing shortages, which may affect our operational flexibility and resource allocation. The increase in net sales of TMTT products was due primarily to the launch of our Pascal system in the United States and its continued adoption in Europe. We are continuing to enroll patients in our clinical trials to demonstrate the durability of our products. Our research and development expenses increased in 2023 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. The medical technology industry is evolving, and our vision for growth is to treat patients with both valvular and non-valvular structural heart disease, which is a natural progression of the disease for many patients suffering from aortic stenosis and mitral and tricuspid regurgitation. We have received regulatory approvals for several of our products, which underscores our commitment to innovation and responsiveness to market dynamics. Our operational efficiency is impacted by various external influences, including foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the United States. We have recorded charges related to intellectual property agreements and litigation expenses, which may affect our financial performance. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on enhancing our capabilities in the medical technology space, with a strong emphasis on innovation partnerships and the development of new technologies. We believe that our IT capabilities, including information management and data analytics, play a critical role in supporting our business strategies and enhancing our operational effectiveness. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.