We are advancing a series of initiatives across our North America and South America operations to incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics to our leaching processes. These leach innovation initiatives are providing opportunities to produce incremental copper from our large existing leach stockpiles. Initial results are providing incremental low-cost additions to our expected annual production and the potential to add to our reserve profile. Incremental copper production from these initiatives totaled 144 million pounds for the year 2023, and in fourth-quarter 2023, we achieved our initial run rate target of approximately 200 million pounds of copper per year through these initiatives. We are pursuing opportunities to apply recent operational enhancements at a larger scale and are testing new technology applications that we believe have the potential for significant increases in recoverable metal beyond the initial annual run rate target. We closely monitor market conditions and will continue to adjust our operating plans, including capital expenditures, to protect our liquidity and preserve our asset values, as necessary. Capital expenditures for the Indonesia smelter projects are being funded with the remaining proceeds from PT-FI's senior notes and availability under its revolving credit facility. PT-FI is actively engaged in projects for additional domestic smelting and refining capacity, with progress of these projects measured at over 90% at year-end 2023. The project was successfully completed on time and within budget. The project was funded by PT-FI with borrowings totaling approximately $250 million that will convert to equity in 2024, increasing PT-FI's ownership in PT Smelting to approximately 65% from 39.5%. Construction progress of the Manyar smelter in Gresik, Indonesia, is advancing on schedule with a target of May 2024 for mechanical completion, followed by a ramp-up period through December 2024. PT-FI is also advancing a mill recovery project with the installation of a new copper cleaner circuit that is expected to be completed in the second half of 2024 to provide incremental production of approximately 60 million pounds of copper and 40 thousand ounces of gold per year. We are engaged in various studies associated with potential future expansion projects primarily at our mining operations, which include the costs for these studies charged to production and delivery costs. The decision to proceed and timing of the potential expansion will take into account overall copper market conditions, availability of labor, and other factors, including progress on the conversion of the existing haul truck fleet to autonomous and expanding housing alternatives to support long-range plans. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a solid balance sheet, providing cash returns to shareholders, and advancing opportunities for future growth. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position as we focus on building long-term value in our business, executing our operating plans safely, responsibly, and efficiently, and prudently managing costs and capital expenditures. The actions we have taken in recent years to build a solid balance sheet and maintain flexible organic growth options while maintaining liquidity will allow us to continue to execute our business plans in a prudent manner and preserve substantial future asset values.