The FedEx services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. Our ability to manage our cost structure (capital expenditures and operating expenses) to match shifting volume levels is critical. The organizational redesign will be implemented in phases with full implementation expected in June 2024. One FedEx will help facilitate our drive transformation program to improve long-term profitability. We have announced the implementation of network 2.0 in more than 20 markets, including the phased transition of all FedEx Ground operations and personnel in Canada to FedEx Express beginning in April 2024. The identification of business optimization-related expenditures is subject to our disclosure controls and procedures. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in technology and facilities. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, new or enhanced services, and actions of regulatory authorities. We expect lower aircraft spend and reduced capacity investment to be partially offset by investments to optimize our networks and modernize our facilities. Our expected capital expenditures for 2024 include continued investments in the expansion and modernization of the FedEx Express Indianapolis hub and modernization of the FedEx Express Memphis World Hub. We will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. The FedEx Dataworks segment is focused on creating solutions to transform the digital and physical experiences of our customers and team members. We incurred costs associated with our business optimization activities, which were primarily related to consulting services, severance, professional fees, and idling our operations in Russia. The impact of cost actions lagged volume declines, particularly in the first half of 2023, resulting in elevated operating expenses relative to demand. We implemented cost reductions to mitigate the impact of volume declines, including improving productivity and consolidating routes. Our results also include business realignment costs associated with our workforce reduction plan in Europe. The organizational redesign will align with our management reporting structure and our internal financial reporting. We review and evaluate the performance of our transportation segments based on operating income, inclusive of FedEx services segment allocations. The allocations of net operating costs are based on metrics such as relative revenue or estimated services provided. Our allocation methodologies are refined periodically to reflect changes in our businesses. The FedEx services segment provides direct and indirect support to our operating segments, and we allocate all of the net operating costs of the FedEx services segment to reflect the full cost of operating our businesses in the results of those segments. The organizational effectiveness and strategic resource allocation are crucial for enhancing our operational capabilities and achieving long-term profitability.