In fiscal 2023, we continued to advance and drive growth through our platform-first, cloud delivered strategy in our software segment. This strategic focus has led us to exit non-strategic products and services in the past few years, allowing us to dedicate our resources to expanding the capabilities and market penetration of the FICO® platform. We also continued our transition from private data centers to external service providers to host our technology infrastructure. Our FICO platform software is a set of interoperable capabilities which use software assets owned and/or governed by FICO for building solutions and services which conform to FICO architectural standards based on key elements of cloud native computing design principles. We consider annual recurring revenue (ARR) to measure the underlying performance of our subscription-based contracts and mitigate the impact of variability in revenue recognition. Our calculation includes the positive impact among this cohort of customers of selling additional products, price increases and increases in usage-based fees, and the negative impact of customer attrition, price decreases, and decreases in usage-based fees during the period. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our business overview highlights the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, including those held by our foreign subsidiaries, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to increases in employee time allocated to cost of revenues, increased stock-based compensation expense, increased incentive expense and increased headcount. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to a $10.7 million increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of increases in time allocated to research and development activities, and a $1.4 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs primarily attributable to increased third-party data center hosting fees and SaaS costs. Our revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and SaaS subscriptions, professional services and scoring services. We assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis during our fourth fiscal quarter using a July 1 measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement. We assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses in these matters. If the potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. The amount of loss accrual or disclosure is determined after analysis of each matter, and is subject to adjustment if warranted by new developments or revised strategies. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. We believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates, which involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.