Our revenue from continuing operations is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing solutions, transaction processing fees, professional services, and software license fees. We continue to assist financial institutions and other businesses in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We expect to continue to invest an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients, and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We have been providing our large regional banking customers in the U.S. with digital one, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality and offering digital one to our community bank clients to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services across self-service channels like mobile banking and online banking, as well as supporting channels for bank staff operating in bank branches and contact centers. Digital one is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by FIS and is also offered to customers of non-FIS core banking systems. We continue to see demand in the payments market for innovative solutions that will deliver faster, more convenient payment options in mobile channels, internet applications, in-store cards, and digital currencies. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and by an evolving regulatory environment. As financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking solutions to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present payments in e-commerce and mobile environments as well as contactless cards and mobile wallets at the point of sale, FIS believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, FIS believes that payment processors, like FIS, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies in the long term. Cyberattacks on information technology systems and the vendors and technological supply chain they rely on continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. This is a trend we expect to continue. The continued growth in the frequency, complexity, and sophistication of cyberattacks presents both a threat and an opportunity for FIS. Using expertise we have gained from our ongoing focus and investment, we have developed and we offer fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.