The technologies segment's revenue was up due primarily to strong demand for IT services and the acquisition of a C5ISR solutions business in 2022. In 2023, the primary driver of the increase in service operating costs was the change in volume described above. We expect the technologies segment's 2024 revenue to increase to $13 billion with operating margin of around 9.5%. The impact of the war between Israel and Hamas continues to evolve, with disruptions caused by these events impacting global economies and businesses, particularly in relation to supply chain challenges and operational efficiency. The disruptions have exacerbated existing supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures, affecting our ability to ramp up production in response to strong customer demand for our aircraft. Our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities and our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs. We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook, emphasizing agility as a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, strategic acquisitions, and opportunistic share repurchases. The majority of our revenue is derived from long-term contracts and programs that can span several years, which involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. We recognize revenue on long-term government contracts generally over time as the work progresses, either as products are produced or as services are rendered. This recognition reflects the continuous transfer of control to the customer and is measured using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. Our performance obligations are satisfied over time, which corresponds with work performed, thereby best depicting the transfer of control to the customer. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers, indicating a significant volume of work that supports our IT capabilities. Our total estimated contract value is an important indicator of future orders and revenue, with approximately 80% of the segment's orders coming from additional work on IDIQ contracts or the exercise of options. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution. The current CR included an exception allowing the DOD to obligate funds for the construction of the second submarine under the existing Columbia-class submarine program, which reflects our strategic resource allocation in response to government funding dynamics. Our emphasis on cash flow generation is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management, which allows us to step down debt over time and preserves a strong balance sheet for future opportunities.