In connection with our strategic business relationships, we believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. We face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges due to competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, heightened emission standards, labor disruptions, foreign exchange volatility, evolving trade policy, and political uncertainty. Our vision for the future includes adapting to customer preferences while executing our growth-focused strategy to invest in electric vehicles, hybrids, autonomous vehicles, software-enabled services, and other new business opportunities. We plan to execute our strategy with a steadfast commitment to good corporate citizenship through more sustainable operations and a leading health and safety culture. The ongoing supply chain disruptions, global macro-economic conditions, and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on our operations. We expect to sustain relatively strong margins on the continued strength of our product portfolio, improved electric vehicle margins, and ongoing fixed cost reduction efforts. Our automotive financing segment, GM Financial, continues to monitor and evaluate opportunities to optimize its liquidity position and the mix of its debt between secured and unsecured debt. We believe our current levels of cash and available borrowing capacity are sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements in the short- and long-term. Our senior management evaluates our capital allocation program on an ongoing basis and recommends modifications to our board of directors. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. We anticipate making investments in suppliers or providing funding towards the execution of strategic, multi-year supply agreements to secure critical materials. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to our ability to deliver new products, services, technologies, and customer experiences in response to increased competition and changing consumer needs and preferences. We also face unique technological, operational, regulatory, and competitive risks related to the timing and commercialization of autonomous vehicles, including the various regulatory approvals and permits required for operating driverless vehicles in multiple markets. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches, cyberattacks, and disruptions to our information technology systems is critical. We are committed to complying with increasingly complex regulations relating to our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of personal information. Our ongoing strategic business relationships are essential for facilitating access to raw materials necessary for the production of electric vehicles. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy while accelerating the development and rollout of electric vehicles across our brands. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial as we adapt to changing business needs and directions. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.