The continuing evolution of the online world has contributed to the growth of our business and our revenues since inception. We expect that this evolution will continue to benefit our business and our revenues, although at a slower pace than we have experienced historically. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front of these trends in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures, including significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus as we seek to develop new, innovative offerings, improve our existing offerings, and rapidly and responsibly deploy AI across our businesses. We expect to increase our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, and data center land and building construction. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. We continue to face an evolving regulatory environment, and we are subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations, and other forms of potential legal liability, which could affect our business practices and financial results. As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve these changing needs, which may affect our monetization. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in these markets. The increase in compensation expenses was largely the result of charges related to employee severance associated with the reduction in our workforce and an increase in stock-based compensation expense. Our operating income benefited from a reduction in costs driven by the change in the estimated useful lives of our servers and certain network equipment. We expect that this trend will continue as we focus on expanding our products and services. We have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our revenues from cloud, consumer subscriptions, platforms, and devices, which may have differing characteristics than our advertising revenues, have grown over time, and we expect this trend to continue. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and are generally lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. We also expect to continue to incorporate AI innovations into our products, such as AI in search, that could affect our monetization trends. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. We have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future short-term and long-term lease payments that are not yet recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. These leases will commence between 2024 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of one to 25 years.