We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment and retention of physicians and other health care professionals will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our strategy also emphasizes investments that seek to advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, expand our workforce development programs and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy and efficiency. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements is critical. We believe we are well positioned in a number of large and growing markets that will allow us the opportunity to generate long-term, attractive growth through the expansion of our presence in these markets. We strive to be the health care system of choice in the communities we serve by developing comprehensive networks locally and supporting these networks with enterprise expertise and economies of scale. We continue to utilize economies of scale to grow the company. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully utilizing the scale and scope of our organization. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence, attracting exceptional physicians and other health care professionals, developing comprehensive services, creating greater access, and coordinating higher quality care for patients. We believe our investments in technology and resilience initiatives, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will drive efficiencies, better outcomes and an enhanced patient experience. We have seen inflation have a negative impact on certain of these expenses and expect inflationary pressures will continue to impact operating expenses in 2024. We are aware these supplemental payment programs are currently being reviewed by certain state agencies and some states have made requests to CMS to replace their existing supplemental payment programs. We believe our quarterly updates to the estimated implicit price concession amounts at each of our hospital facilities provide reasonable estimates of our revenues and valuations of our accounts receivable. Our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates or discounts from gross charges.