The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our IP, with revenues from this segment including management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners and fees for managing hotels in our ownership segment. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservations system, marketing, and information technology services. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global hotel network, particularly our fee-based business, which is supported by our ability to evaluate the economic viability of hotels based on geographic location and the credit quality of third-party owners. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts with third-party owners, we expect to increase revenues and overall return on invested capital, which supports our business needs. The current economic environment has posed certain challenges to the execution of our growth strategy, which may include delays in openings and new development. Our relationships with third-party hotel owners and franchisees allow us to maintain our current presence as contracts mature and generate new incremental opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We are focused on the growth of our business by expanding our global hotel network through our development pipeline, which represents hotels that we expect to add to our system in the future. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels or corporate operations is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs. We have taken steps to manage our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions, while continuing to optimize value for the experiences of our customers, owners, and Hilton employees. Our cash management policy aims to maintain the availability of liquidity and minimize operational costs, and we may provide guarantees or other commitments to owners of hotels that we currently or in the future will manage or franchise. We capitalize costs associated with certain software development projects, and as those projects are completed and placed into service, amortization expense will increase. We recognize revenues from our comparable owned and leased hotels, which increased due to the rise in RevPAR at our comparable owned and leased hotels, reflective of the ongoing easing of travel restrictions. The increase in RevPAR was due to increases in occupancy and average daily rate, which included an increase due to inflation. Our investing activities primarily included cash flows related to capitalized software costs for various systems initiatives for the benefit of both our hotel owners and our overall corporate operations. We expect to continue to enhance our information technology capabilities to support our strategic objectives and improve operational efficiency. The growth in our management and franchise fees is correlated to our management and franchise segment revenues and segment operating income, which are influenced by our ability to effectively deploy and leverage our IT resources in support of business strategies and work processes.