We are a leading global provider of technology and data to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our products provide customers with access to mission-critical tools designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. The acquisition of Black Knight, Inc. is expected to build on our position as a provider of end-to-end electronic workflow solutions for the rapidly evolving U.S. residential mortgage industry. We believe the Black Knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies, and rising demand for speed, data, data capacity, and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements has been critical. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. Our data and analytics revenues include those related to ICE mortgage technology's data and document automation and mortgage analyzer solutions, which offer customers greater efficiency by streamlining data collection and validation through our automated document recognition and data extraction capabilities. We also provide a data as a service for lenders and industry participants to access industry data and origination information. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. The increase in operating expenses is primarily related to the impact of the Black Knight acquisition and the corresponding Black Knight-related operating expenses. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future to satisfy our liquidity needs. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive, end-to-end U.S. residential mortgage platform, which aims to address inefficiencies and mitigate risks that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market life cycle.