The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading edge semiconductor manufacturing drives demand for our process control and yield management solutions. Continuing advancement of technology spurred by the economic, power and performance benefits of being at the leading edge, increasing involvement in legacy nodes as semiconductor content increases, and innovation and growth of new enabling technologies are fueling long-term growth for the semiconductor equipment industry. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our R&D. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. The amount of our service revenues is typically a function of the number of systems installed at our customers' sites and the utilization of those systems, but it is also impacted by other factors, such as our rate of service contract renewals, the types of systems being serviced and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our portfolio includes yield enhancement and production solutions for manufacturing wafers and reticles, ICs, packaging, PCBs and FPDs, as well as comprehensive support and services across our installed base. We are continuously assessing the aggregate potential impact of the existing regulations and BIS rules on our financial results and operations. The critical accounting estimates include revenue recognition, which is based on consideration stipulated in the arrangement with each customer, net of any sales incentives and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Our solutions are generally not sold with a right of return, nor have we experienced significant returns from or refunds to our customers. The transaction consideration, including any sales incentives, is allocated between separate performance obligations of an arrangement based on the stand-alone selling price for each distinct product or service. Management considers a variety of factors to determine the stand-alone selling price, such as historical stand-alone sales of products and services, discounting strategies and other observable data. We are organized into three reportable segments, and our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or both of the major semiconductor device manufacturing markets: memory and foundry/logic. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments and assumptions include revenue recognition, which is impacted by the timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections. Our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues reflects our operational efficiency and management of costs. We are taking appropriate measures to comply with such regulations and are applying for export licenses, when required, to avoid disruption to our customers' operations. The increase in interest expense during the fiscal year was primarily due to higher interest expense on our revolving credit facility and senior notes. Our liquidity may be affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, spending for business acquisitions, and other factors such as uncertainty in the global and regional economies and the semiconductor, semiconductor-related and electronic device industries. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, cash dividends, stock repurchases and other contractual obligations.