This MD&A is intended to provide investors with an understanding of our recent performance, financial condition, and prospects. Revenue growth management is used to describe our capability that helps optimize our consumer value proposition and thereby maximize our brands' revenue potential with consumer-centric insights. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars. Elevate our core business is our first pillar and is driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities. Expanding our markets is our second pillar and emphasizes personal care. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, controlling discretionary spending, driving down working capital, and maintaining the top-tier return on invested capital. The pandemic significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, primarily due to the very significant fluctuations in demand and related transportation and labor supply issues. We believe our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, innovation pipeline, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities have us well positioned relative to these changing dynamics. Our ability to continue our operations in Russia may change as the situation evolves. We are also monitoring the increased risk of cyber-based attacks as a result of the war in Ukraine and have implemented additional cybersecurity measures designed to address the evolving threat landscape. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. We have seen stabilization in demand across all of our business segments during 2022 and 2023, and we expect this trend to continue. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace. Our competitors include global, regional, and local manufacturers, including private label manufacturers which offer products that are typically sold at lower prices. Increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products, which would negatively impact our profitability. While the global marketplace in which we operate has always been highly competitive, we continue to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers, discounters, and e-tailers. This market environment has resulted in increased pressure on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue in the coming year. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. We continue to work on programs to expand our profitability. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in developing and emerging markets. Volatility in global consumer demand, commodity costs, and foreign currency exchange rates increased significantly over the past few years and is expected to continue in the near term. Our climate change risk categories include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. We continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals, which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions, use of natural forest fibers, use of plastics, and use of water in water-stressed regions.