We made capital and technology expenditures of $452 million in 2023 and $332 million in 2022, primarily due to higher spending on our worldwide technology systems transformation, the overwhelming portion of which is expected to be reimbursed over time. Our anticipated capital and technology expenditures include $200 million of spending related to our option to purchase the land underlying the Sheraton Grand Chicago. We also expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion for 2024, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities. The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revenue per available room (RevPAR) driven by increases in both average daily rate (ADR) and occupancy, unit growth, and higher profits at certain managed hotels. The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher RevPAR, unit growth, and higher non-RevPAR related franchise fees. In 2023, we earned incentive management fees from 68 percent of our managed properties worldwide, compared to 61 percent in 2022, indicating an enhancement in our management capabilities. Our system grew from 8,288 properties at year-end 2022 to 8,785 properties at year-end 2023, reflecting our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. We are currently unable to reasonably estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident involving unauthorized access to the Starwood reservations database, although we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. We expect to incur ongoing legal and other expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods. Our liquidity and capital resources are supported by a $4.5 billion multicurrency revolving credit agreement, which provides adequate access to capital markets to meet our liquidity requirements. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. Our long-term financial objectives include maintaining diversified financing sources and optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt. The ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and equity investments. Our management agreements vary, but our management fees generally consist of base management fees and incentive management fees, which are subject to specified owner returns. We believe revenue per available room is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. Our centralized programs and services are not designed to impact our economics, either positively or negatively, over the long term. The increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at many managed hotels, indicating a strong alignment between our IT capabilities and business performance.