The company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year technology and operating model transformation across multiple areas of the business in an effort to modernize its processes and create efficiencies. This technology transformation will include the implementation of certain new systems. The company is performing this implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. As part of its ongoing evaluation of its estimates, the company refined its assumption on renewal options that have not yet been exercised to reflect the expected increase in renewal option exercises under its new growth pillar. The company has incurred costs related to accelerating the organization, which includes an internal effort to modernize ways of working, aimed at elevating performance and unlocking further growth. The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Management assessed the design and effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting and believes that it is effective. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirmed that there has been no change in the company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company also uses its investor website as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, which may contain material and previously non-public information. The company’s revenues are comprised of sales by company-operated restaurants and fees from restaurants operated by franchisees, developmental licensees, and affiliates. The company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the company provides. The company has determined that it is the principal in these arrangements, and accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of income. The company’s capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software. The company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The company’s investments in and advances to affiliates are accounted for by the equity method, and the results of operations of restaurant businesses purchased and sold in transactions with franchisees were not material either individually or in the aggregate to the consolidated financial statements for periods prior to purchase and sale. The company’s management evaluates its business relationships to identify potential variable interest entities and has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for the periods presented. The company’s strategic resource allocation includes significant investments in technology resources to enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies.