Our organizational structure also includes corporate, which consists of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects as well as the results of certain investments. The prescription technology solutions segment combines automation and our ability to navigate the healthcare ecosystem to connect patients, pharmacies, providers, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans, and biopharma to address patients' medication access, affordability, and adherence challenges. This segment also offers prescription price transparency, benefit insight, dispensing support services, as well as third-party logistics and wholesale distribution support across various therapeutic categories and temperature ranges to biopharma customers throughout the product lifecycle. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. Our financial review within this annual report generally discusses fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, which are influenced by market growth in our U.S. pharmaceutical segment, including growth in specialty pharmaceuticals and higher volumes largely from retail national account customers. Market growth includes growing drug utilization, price increases, and newly launched products, partially offset by price deflation associated with branded to generic drug conversion. Gross profit increased for the year ended March 31, 2024 compared to the prior year primarily in our U.S. pharmaceutical segment driven by growth of specialty pharmaceuticals, our share of antitrust legal settlements received in fiscal 2024, and increased contributions from technology services in our prescription technology solutions segment driven by higher volumes. We believe we have valid legal defenses in all opioid-related matters, including claims not covered by settlement agreements, and we intend to mount a vigorous defense. The company and two other national distributors are engaged in ongoing settlement discussions with representatives of nationwide groups of acute care hospitals and certain third-party payors. We recorded a charge of $149 million within "claims and litigation charges, net" in the consolidated statement of operations to reflect our portion of a proposed settlement with a nationwide class of acute care hospitals. Our total estimated liability for opioid-related claims was $6.8 billion as of March 31, 2024. We expect our available cash generated from operations and our short-term investment portfolio, together with our existing sources of liquidity from our credit facilities, commercial paper program, and other borrowings will be sufficient to fund our short-term and long-term capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. We remain adequately capitalized, including access to liquidity from our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility. Our businesses require substantial investments in working capital that are susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. We conduct our business worldwide in local currencies, including the Canadian dollar and, more significantly prior to our European divestiture activities, euro and British pound sterling. Our foreign operations represented approximately 5% and 7% of our consolidated revenues in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively. We believe that our future operating cash flow, financial assets, and access to capital and credit markets, including our credit facilities, give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future.