We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on four strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, creating a winning growth culture and scaling sustainable snacking. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our attractive global footprint, strong core of iconic global and local brands, marketing, sales, distribution and cost excellence capabilities, and top talent with a growth mindset, will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. As part of our strategic plan, we seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets. Our operations in Russia are subject to risks, including the temporary or permanent loss of assets or our ability to conduct business operations in Russia and the partial or full impairment of our Russian assets in future periods. We believe our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths and give us significant flexibility to meet our short and long-term financial commitments. We expect to continue to utilize our commercial paper program and international credit lines as needed. We continually evaluate long-term debt issuances to meet our short- and longer-term funding requirements. Our investment in JDE Peet's provides us additional flexibility. We continue to monitor existing and potential future tax reform around the world. We seek to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: organic net revenue, adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS. We use these non-GAAP financial metrics and related computations, particularly growth in profit dollars, to evaluate and manage our business and to plan and make near- and long-term operating and strategic decisions. We believe it is useful to provide investors with the same financial information that we use internally to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results and evaluate our business. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures should always be considered in relation to our GAAP results. We have suspended new capital investments and our advertising spending in Russia, but as a food company with more than 2,500 employees in the country, we have not ceased operations given we believe we play a role in the continuity of the food supply. We continue to evaluate the situation in Ukraine and Russia and our ability to control our operating activities and businesses on an ongoing basis and comply with applicable international sanctions. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities will drive consistent top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets while prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers.