The company helps clients build the confidence to thrive through the power of perspective of its four market-leading businesses. Marsh provides data-driven risk advisory services and insurance solutions to commercial and consumer clients. Mercer delivers advice and technology-driven solutions that help organizations redefine the world of work, reshape retirement and investment outcomes, and unlock health and well-being for a changing workforce. The results of operations in the management discussion & analysis include an overview of the company's consolidated results and a discussion of the key drivers impacting the company's financial results of operations both on a consolidated basis and by reportable segments. The increase in revenue reflects the continued demand for advice and solutions, growth in new business and renewals, and investments in talent and capabilities. The company incurred a total of $301 million for restructuring activities in 2023, primarily related to severance and lease exit charges for activities focused on workforce actions, technology rationalization, and reductions in real estate. The company completed 14 acquisitions in 2023, with the largest being the acquisitions of Honan Insurance Group and Graham Company in the risk and insurance services segment. In the consulting segment, the company completed the acquisition of Westpac Banking Corporation's financial advisory business and the transfer from Westpac of BT Financial Group's personal and corporate pension funds to the Mercer Super Trust managed by Mercer Australia. The increase in revenue on an underlying basis in the risk and insurance services segment was primarily due to growth in new business and renewals, benefiting from growth in the global economy, inflation, higher insurance and reinsurance pricing, and an increase in fiduciary income due to higher interest rates. The consulting segment's revenue growth reflects continued demand for health, wealth, and career solutions and products, and consulting services. The company incurred restructuring costs primarily related to activities focused on workforce actions, rationalization of technology and functional services, and reductions in real estate. The company continues to refine its detailed plans for each business and location, which may change the expected timing, estimates of expected costs, and related savings. The company anticipates total charges related to restructuring activities to be approximately $475 million, with related estimated savings expected to be approximately $400 million. The company also maintains a large number of defined benefit pension plans, with the largest being in the U.K., which comprise approximately 79% of non-U.S. plan assets. The company expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-U.S. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings. The company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which increased net equity. The company has commitments for potential future investments in private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies. The company’s investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting, or other strategically linked companies and investments in private equity funds. The company recorded net investment income in 2023, driven by lower mark-to-market gains from the company's private equity investments compared to the prior year. The company continues to evaluate its global investment and repatriation strategy in light of capital requirements and potential costs of repatriation. The company’s accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed in management's discussion of critical accounting estimates.