We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and solutions for the global investment community. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, we enable our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our growth strategy includes enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary data, content, and technology companies. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhanced products and technologies and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services, primarily including technology support directly associated with these activities. The increase in research and development expenses reflects higher information technology costs. Our operating expenses include costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products, which primarily involve technology and sales operations. We utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales, and retention rate to manage and assess performance and to provide deeper insights into the recurring portion of our business. The total run rate increased 15.8% for the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by a 16.0% increase from recurring subscriptions and a 14.9% increase from asset-based fees. The run rate from analytics products increased 7.4% for the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. The increase in adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin reflects a higher rate of growth in operating revenues compared to the rate of growth of adjusted EBITDA expenses, driven by the factors previously described. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include information technology costs, professional fees, and market data costs. The effective tax rate reflects the impact of certain favorable discrete items, which include tax benefits recognized on share-based compensation. We regularly evaluate acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities, and our acquisitions have driven significant growth in our operating revenues. The change in operating revenues reflects strong growth in index products, ESG and climate products, and analytics products. The increase in compensation and benefits costs is primarily driven by higher wages and salaries and incentive compensation costs due to headcount growth, partially offset by lower severance costs. The increase in non-compensation expenses was primarily driven by higher information technology costs, market data, and marketing expenses. We believe the global cash and cash equivalent balances that are maintained will be available to meet our global needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products. The valuation of intangible assets, as part of the acquisition method of accounting, was subjective and based, in part, on inputs that were unobservable. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the acquired intangible assets included forecasted cash flows, which were determined based on certain assumptions that included projected future revenues and expected market royalty rates. The increase in amortization of intangible assets expense was driven by higher amortization of internal use software and additional amortization recognized on acquired intangible assets from acquisitions.