Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. We are creating the platforms and tools, powered by artificial intelligence, that deliver better, faster, and more effective solutions to support small and large business competitiveness, improve educational and health outcomes, grow public-sector efficiency, and empower human ingenuity. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The investments we are making in cloud and AI infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. We continue to identify and evaluate opportunities to expand our datacenter locations and increase our server capacity to meet the evolving needs of our customers, particularly given the growing demand for AI services. Our datacenters depend on the availability of permitted and buildable land, predictable energy, networking supplies, and servers, including graphics processing units and other components. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. We are allocating both our capital and talent to areas of secular growth and long-term competitiveness, while divesting in other areas. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, enterprise services, and dynamics. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance. Revenue from Azure and other cloud services, Office 365 commercial, and LinkedIn has shown significant growth. Operating expenses increased due to investments in cloud engineering and LinkedIn. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings and our investments in AI infrastructure. The metrics we use in assessing the performance of our business and to make informed decisions regarding the allocation of resources are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. We believe these non-GAAP measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. The change in accounting estimate regarding the useful lives of our server and network equipment reflects our investments in software that increased efficiencies in how we operate our server and network equipment, as well as advances in technology. Our ability to leverage IT capabilities effectively has become a key in transforming the firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.