We extensively rely on information and operational technology systems, and improvements in those technologies, in all aspects of our business. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. System upgrades, redundancy, and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Regardless of the cause, significant disruption or failure of one or more of the information or operational technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties can result in us experiencing a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency. We maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, including our risk-based approach to cybersecurity, and we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Our reliance on third parties for business operations, including vendors that have access to our systems or data, could expose us to risks associated with cybersecurity incidents. Our inability to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect, and integrate our information technology systems may result in a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Our operational efficiency may be negatively impacted by capacity constraints related to employee or equipment shortages, increased demand for rail services, severe weather, and congestion on other railroads. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends significantly upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. We also face risks from requirements that may be imposed by the government in resolution of government actions, including restrictions on our methods of operations. Our failure to comply with the requirements of existing or updated laws, regulations, or executive orders that govern our operations or the rail industry could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We have incurred significant costs related to environmental matters and legal proceedings, and our financial results were impacted by a derailment incident that required extensive cleanup efforts. The legislative, regulatory, operational, or other actions taken, protocols adopted, or changes resulting from incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel have negatively impacted our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations, and our inability to comply with these laws could result in significant liabilities or adversely impact our operations. The threat landscape includes various entities that could disrupt our operations, and we must continuously adapt our technology capabilities to mitigate these risks and enhance our operational resilience.