The acquisition strategically diversifies our complementary asset base and allows for significant expected synergies. We experienced increased volumes across our system in 2023, highlighting our extensive and integrated assets located in, and connected with, some of the most productive shale basins, refining regions and demand centers, in the United States. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with demand for purity NGLs from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL exports in the Gulf Coast. We proactively monitor lead times on materials and equipment used in constructing capital projects, and we enter into procurement agreements for long-lead items for potential projects to plan for future growth. Our capital expenditures increased in 2023, compared with 2022, due primarily to our capital projects, including our MB-6 fractionator, NGL pipeline expansion projects, and the Viking compression project. We expect total capital expenditures, excluding AFUDC and capitalized interest, of $1.75-$1.95 billion in 2024. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. We assess hedging relationships at the inception of the hedge, and periodically thereafter, to determine whether the hedging relationship is, and is expected to remain, highly effective. Our operating cash flows can also be impacted by changes in our inventory balances, which are driven primarily by commodity prices, supply, demand, and the operation of our assets. Cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities increased $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with the same period in 2022, due primarily to higher operating income resulting from higher volumes from increased production and higher average fee rates in our natural gas gathering and processing segment, higher exchange services in our natural gas liquids segment, higher transportation and storage services in our natural gas pipelines segment, and an increase due to the impact of the Magellan acquisition in our refined products and crude segment. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends, maturities of long-term debt, share repurchases, and contributions to unconsolidated affiliates. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated, or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in June 2027, and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. Our long-term debt credit ratings as of February 20, 2024, are shown in the table below: rating agency long-term rating short-term rating outlook Moody's Baa2 Prime-2 Stable S&P BBB A-2 Stable Fitch BBB F2 Stable. Our credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile, or potential transactions. We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, treasury locks, and interest-rate swaps.