Our long-term business strategy requires capital to maintain and enhance our existing stores, invest to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, develop enhanced information technology systems and tools, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. The successful execution of our growth strategy includes aggressively opening new stores, growing sales in existing stores, continually enhancing merchandising and store layouts, and implementing our omnichannel initiatives. We believe the key drivers of demand over the long-term for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, annual rate of light vehicle sales, and average vehicle age. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program, and senior note offerings. The increase in capital expenditures was primarily due to an increase in store and distribution enhancement and expansion projects, as well as an increase in vehicle fleet upgrade investments, in 2023 versus 2022. We plan to open 190 to 200 net new stores in 2024. Our business is influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and consumers, including inflation, rising consumer staples, fuel and energy costs, unemployment trends, interest rates, and other economic factors. Future changes, such as continued broad-based inflation and rapid fuel cost increases that exceed wage growth, may negatively impact our consumers' level of disposable income, and we cannot predict the degree these changes may have on our business or industry. The extensive product line offered in our stores consists of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools, and professional service provider service equipment. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2023, was driven by an increase in average ticket value for both professional service provider and DIY customers and positive transaction counts from professional service provider customers, partially offset by negative transaction counts from DIY customers. The increase in professional service provider customer transaction counts was driven by consistently exceptional execution of our strategies surrounding superior service, inventory availability, and competitive pricing. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The increase in SG&A as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2023, was primarily the result of increased store staffing, wage rates, and enhanced benefits to support superior service levels, depreciation costs on accelerated refreshment of store delivery vehicle fleet, and investment initiatives aimed at refreshing the image and appearance of our stores. We evaluate the carrying value of finite and indefinite long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. Our impairment analyses contain estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets.