We empower enterprises, organizations, service providers, and government entities to protect themselves against today's most sophisticated cyber threats. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. We are a leading provider of zero trust solutions, starting with next-generation zero trust network access to secure today's remote hybrid workforces and extending to securing all users, applications, and infrastructure with zero trust principles. Our company focuses on delivering value in four fundamental areas: network security, cloud security, security operations, and threat intelligence and security consulting. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues and new revenues as we continue to grow our end-customer base. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. Our operating activities have consisted of net income (losses) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations is receipts from our billings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as share-based compensation costs, depreciation, and amortization, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows. We believe that our cash provided by operating activities, our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investments, and existing sources of and access to financing will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We continue to strategically invest in headcount and have grown our sales presence. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase the size of our sales and marketing organizations to grow our customer base, increase touch points with end-customers, and expand our global presence. We expect our gross margins to vary over time depending on various factors, including the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, the average sales price of our products, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our portfolio and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner.