We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for human resources ("HR"), payroll, benefits, and insurance for small- to medium-sized businesses and their employees across the United States and parts of Europe. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; delivering superior customer experiences; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client bases; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in sales and marketing and leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We continue to make investments in technology a priority as companies look to leverage technology solutions to maintain operations, stay connected to employees, and increase productivity. Our fiscal 2023 technology enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform were designed to improve the client and employee experiences from hiring and onboarding through employee retention. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong solutions and support delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We closely monitor the evolving challenges and needs of small- and mid-sized businesses and proactively aid our clients in navigating these challenges. Through our unique blend of innovative technology solutions, backed by our extensive compliance and HR expertise, we help clients more effectively hire, engage, train, and retain top talent in this challenging workforce environment. We believe that investing in our solutions, people, and digital capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our portfolio of technology, HR advisory, and employee benefits-related solutions is disaggregated into management solutions and professional employer organization ("PEO") and insurance solutions. We support our small-business clients, reducing the complexity and risk of running their own payroll, while ensuring greater accuracy with up-to-date tax rates and regulatory information. Clients may choose to have our support team handle everything for them or process payroll themselves utilizing our proprietary, robust Paychex Flex and SurePayroll SaaS-based solutions. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small- and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We believe these investments are critical to our success, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong solutions and support delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. We believe that successfully executing this strategy will lead to strong, long-term financial performance.