The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report. Our business and operating segments develop and commercialize foundational technologies and products used in mobile devices and other wireless products. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property, including patents and other rights. We conduct business primarily through our Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) semiconductor business and our Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) licensing business. We believe that 5G combined with high-performance, low-power processing and on-device intelligence will continue to drive adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT. We expect continued intense competition, including from vertical integration by certain of our customers. We have initiated certain restructuring actions to enable investments in key growth and diversification opportunities. Our research and development expenditures were $8.8 billion in fiscal 2023, reflecting our commitment to advancing technology capabilities. The increase in research and development expenses was driven by higher costs related to the development of wireless and integrated circuit technologies, primarily driven by an increase in employee-related expenses. We expect consumer demand for 3G/4G/5G multimode and 5G products and services to continue to ramp around the world. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless industry and governments as to the benefits of our licensing programs and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. However, we expect that certain companies may be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technologies and may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our liquidity sources include existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We expect to issue new debt in the future, with the amount and timing depending on various factors, including acquisitions and strategic investments. The net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities was primarily due to net cash provided by operating activities and the issuance of unsecured fixed-rate notes. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments. We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and other market conditions. We believe that our estimates regarding customer demand and inventory management are reasonable, although significant changes in customer demand could require additional inventory write-downs. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory proceedings. Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, and cash provided by our debt programs, which we believe will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans.