The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We believe our critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows: we take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, environmental regulations, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions, and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. We employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. We periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long-term views on our intended use of each class of ships and the planned level of improvements to maintain, enhance, and comply with environmental regulations. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships and may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders, and we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the five ships on order for our global brands. We have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt, and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations. We anticipate overall full-year capital expenditures will be approximately $3.3 billion for 2024, based on our existing ships on order. Our obligations due through December 31, 2024, primarily consist of $1.7 billion related to debt maturities, $1.2 billion related to interest on debt, and $2.0 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders. We believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. However, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate, as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements. Our minimum stockholders' equity and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. We are not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position. Our public debt securities contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. If this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.