Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, capital expenditures related to our new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to higher capital expenditures related to the construction and build-out of new stores, the construction of distribution centers, including capital expenditures related to our new distribution center, and various information technology projects. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 are for investments in our supply chain to support long-term growth, including construction of our next distribution centers, investments in our information technology systems, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, and buying and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 is primarily driven by investments in our next distribution centers, information technology systems, existing store improvements, and various expenditures related to distribution centers, and buying and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems and buying and corporate offices. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our long-term strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We believe our merchandising and operational strategies enable us to deliver the most competitive bargains available to meet our customers' ongoing demand for quality branded goods for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We are closely monitoring market share trends for the off-price industry and we believe our share gains will continue to grow through continued focus on bringing value and convenience to our customers, despite the ongoing uncertainty in the current macroeconomic and geopolitical environments. Our effective tax rate is impacted by changes in tax law and accounting guidance, location of new stores, level of earnings, tax effects associated with stock-based compensation, and the resolution of tax positions with various tax authorities. We have a $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, and as of February 3, 2024, we had no borrowings or standby letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. We ended fiscal 2023 with $4.9 billion of unrestricted cash balances, which were held primarily in overnight money market funds invested in U.S. treasury and government instruments across a highly diversified set of banks and other financial institutions. We estimate that existing cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, debt repayments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next 12 months. We facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program to provide certain suppliers with the opportunity to sell their receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. The amounts owed to participating financial institutions under the program and included in accounts payable were $146.9 million and $119.2 million at February 3, 2024, and January 28, 2023, respectively.