Our discussion also contains some additional context regarding our business, including industry considerations and the business environment, as well as certain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow, both of which are not defined measures under U.S. GAAP and may be calculated differently by other companies. We believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. We continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address these macroeconomic pressures, including our digital transformation, operational modernization, cost reduction, and advanced technology programs. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our business mix also reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture, or modify complex equipment. We are dependent on a global supply chain and in recent years have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs and adversely affected our performance. These disruptions impacted our ability to procure raw materials, microelectronics, and certain commodities on a timely basis and/or at expected prices. We have implemented actions and programs to mitigate some of the impacts but anticipate supply chain disruptions to continue into 2024. Our defense operations consist primarily of our Raytheon business and operations in the defense businesses within our Collins and Pratt & Whitney segments. Our defense operations are affected by U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) budget and spending levels, changes in demand, changes in policy positions or priorities, the domestic and global political and economic environment, and the evolving nature of the global and national security threat environment. The change in our FAS/CAS operating adjustment was driven by a decrease in CAS expense, partially offset by a decrease in FAS service cost. The company intends to repatriate certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by reviewing available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost-effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities and the timing of such activities. Our principal source of liquidity is cash flows from operating activities. We have a revolving credit agreement with various banks permitting aggregate borrowings of up to $5.0 billion. We believe our cash on hand and future operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs. The company offers voluntary supply chain finance (SCF) programs with global financial institutions which enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from the company to the financial institutions at a rate that leverages our credit rating. Our suppliers' participation in the SCF programs does not impact or change our terms and conditions with those suppliers, and therefore, we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate in the programs. We have significant contracts with the U.S. government, subject to government oversight and audit, which may require significant adjustment of contract prices.