Our strong full-year performance was fueled by substantial international growth, complemented by sustained performance in North America, driven by our technology-leveraged portfolio. Digital & integration revenue increased 4% year on year, led by digital, which continued strong growth momentum, delivering more than $2 billion in revenue. Our success in digital was driven by further adoption of Delfi technology and customers embracing our connected and autonomous drilling, data, and AI solutions. The imperative to operate more sustainably is translating into tangible investments by our customers, resulting in the portfolio generating more than $1 billion of revenue. We expect continued customer adoption of our digital business, particularly in our new technology platforms. Our performance and returns-focused strategy, combined with our differentiated market positioning and digital capabilities, will drive profitable growth and further margin expansion. Digital & integration revenue of $1.0 billion increased 7% sequentially due to increased digital revenue across all areas led by the Middle East & Asia and Europe & Africa. Digital & integration pretax operating margin of 34% expanded 197 bps sequentially due to improved profitability in digital. The acquired Aker subsea business accounted for most of the growth in production systems revenue, which increased 24% sequentially. The improvement was driven primarily by higher sales of midstream, artificial lift, and subsea production systems. Full-year 2023 revenue of $33.1 billion increased 18% year on year led by well construction and production systems. Digital & integration pretax operating margin contracted 397 bps to 32% primarily due to the absence of the $95 million of exploration data transfer fees and reduced profitability from APS projects. This growth was driven by drilling fluids and measurements—both on higher land and offshore activity—along with improved pricing. Our strong performance in digital solutions reflects our capability to leverage technology resources and enhance operational efficiency. We anticipate record investment levels in the Middle East extending beyond 2025, with significant expansion in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Iraq, and Kuwait. Our differentiated market positioning and digital capabilities are expected to drive further growth in the international markets. We foresee further growth led by production systems, strengthened by additional subsea opportunities from our OneSubsea joint venture. The long-cycle investments across the Middle East, global offshore, and gas resource plays are expected to be largely decoupled from short-term commodity price fluctuations. Our digital capabilities have become integral in transforming our firm into a competitive force, enhancing our ability to respond to market dynamics and customer needs effectively. The continued adoption of our transition technologies portfolio as customers look to enhance efficiency and reduce emissions underscores the strategic importance of our IT capabilities in supporting business innovation and operational flexibility.