The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also been an important contribution to the growth of our business. The integration of acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream and a diversified revenue base, which reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Many of these acquisitions have been integrated into an existing production facility, which enables a higher production capacity utilization, improving gross profit levels due to the ability to spread the fixed manufacturing overhead costs over higher production volume. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications, including environmentally friendly products and those that enhance passenger health and safety. Throughout fiscal 2023, we continued to see a rebound in our commercial aerospace end markets from the COVID-19 pandemic and are encouraged by the progression of the commercial aerospace market recovery. The pace of U.S. government defense spending outlays provides for uncertainty in the defense aerospace market, and recent budgets have trended upwards; however, ongoing conflicts and potential impacts on reprioritization of U.S. government defense spending cause uncertainty. Our business has been adversely affected, though not materially, by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers. We believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. We expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand, and, if needed, draws on the revolving credit facility. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. We expect our efforts to continue generating strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. The company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2024 to be approximately 2% to 3% of net sales, which is consistent with its historical annual spend as a percentage of net sales. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are funded using existing cash on hand and are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies.