We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth over the long term. In support of our enterprise strategy, we expanded our supply chain capacity and digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding three new supply chain facilities to support our growth and commitment to fast delivery times, while helping our teams work more efficiently and managing our shipping costs. We fulfilled over 60 percent of our digital sales through our same-day fulfillment options, which reflects our focus on operational efficiency and responsiveness to consumer demands. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We experienced lower digital fulfillment costs due to a decrease in digital sales and an increased mix of digital sales fulfilled through lower-cost same-day services. Our capital expenditures in 2023 reflect investments in our strategic initiatives, including investments in both stores and in our supply chain, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational flexibility. We expect capital expenditures in 2024 to support new stores, remodels, and other existing store investments, as well as supply chain projects. Our management believes that adjusted earnings per share is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operations, indicating our focus on performance metrics that align with our strategic goals. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors makes further analysis of sales metrics essential for understanding market dynamics. Our financing strategy is designed to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, which is critical for supporting our IT capabilities and overall operational effectiveness. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital, and capital expenditure requirements, which are necessary for executing our strategic initiatives and maintaining organizational agility. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity, which is vital for funding our IT investments and enhancing our information management capabilities. We have also experienced a significant decrease in freight costs due to a decline in freight rates, which has positively impacted our operational efficiency. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing us to allocate resources effectively in support of our business strategies. We continue to monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using our branded credit cards, as this reflects our understanding of consumer choice and purchasing behavior, which is integral to our overall business strategy. The improvements in our supply chain have resulted in decreased inventory levels and costs related to managing elevated inventory levels, demonstrating our commitment to process optimization and resource management. We believe that our IT capabilities, including our information systems, are crucial for supporting our business processes and enhancing our competitive positioning in the market.