We are currently focused on increasing vehicle production, capacity and delivery capabilities, reducing costs, improving and developing our vehicles and battery technologies, vertically integrating and localizing our supply chain, improving and further deploying our fsd capabilities, increasing the affordability and efficiency of our vehicles, bringing new products to market and expanding our global infrastructure, including our service and charging infrastructure. Our cost reduction efforts, cost innovation strategies, and additional localized procurement and manufacturing are key to our vehicles' affordability and have allowed us to competitively price our vehicles. We will also continue to generate demand and brand awareness by improving our vehicles' performance and functionality, including through products based on artificial intelligence such as autopilot, fsd capability, and other software features. We continue to ramp production, build new manufacturing capacity and expand our operations to enable increased deliveries and deployments of our products, and invest in research and development to accelerate our ai, software and fleet-based profits for further revenue growth. Our goals are to improve vehicle performance, decrease production costs and increase affordability and customer awareness. We remain committed to growing our retrofit solar energy business by offering a low-cost and simplified online ordering experience. In addition, we continue to seek to improve our installation capabilities and price efficiencies for solar roof. As these product lines grow, we will have to maintain adequate battery cell supply for our energy storage products and ensure the availability of qualified personnel, particularly skilled electricians, to support the ramp of solar roof. We expect our ability to be self-funding to continue as long as macroeconomic factors support current trends in our sales. Our cash flows provided by operating activities in 2023 and 2022 were $13.26 billion and $14.72 billion, respectively, representing a decrease of $1.47 billion. The increase was primarily driven by additional costs in the current year related to the pre-production phase for cybertruck, ai and other programs. Our r&d expenses have increased proportionately with total revenues as we continue to expand our product roadmap and technologies. We are simultaneously ramping new products, building or ramping manufacturing facilities on three continents, piloting the development and manufacture of new battery cell technologies, expanding our supercharger network and investing in autonomy and other artificial intelligence enabled training and products, and the pace of our capital spend may vary depending on overall priority among projects, the pace at which we meet milestones, production adjustments to and among our various products, increased capital efficiencies and the addition of new projects. We will continue to adjust accordingly to such developments, and we believe our ongoing cost reduction, including improved production innovation and efficiency at our newest factories and lower logistics costs, and focus on operating leverage will continue to benefit us in relation to our competitors, while our new products will help enable future growth. We also remain focused on continued enhancements of the capability and efficiency of our servicing operations. Our business has been consistently generating cash flow from operations in excess of our level of capital spend, and with better working capital management resulting in shorter days sales outstanding than days payable outstanding, our sales growth is also generally facilitating positive cash generation. We have and will continue to utilize such cash flows, among other things, to do more vertical integration, expand our product roadmap and provide financing options to our customers.