The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality and patient experience, improve the health of populations and reduce costs. We are working to accelerate this vision through the innovation and integration of our care delivery models including in-clinic, in-home, behavioral and virtual care, and by using our data and analytics to provide clinicians with the necessary information in order to provide the best possible care in the most cost-efficient setting. This transition requires initial costs such as system enhancements, integrated care coordination technology, physician training and clinical engagement. Enhanced clinical engagement is a critical step to improving the health outcomes of the people we serve and should result in lower costs to the overall health system over time. Our businesses participate in the United States and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population and national interest in health and well-being. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness and environmental, competitive, legislative and regulatory considerations, including minimum medical loss ratio thresholds and similar revenue adjustments. We continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all these dimensions. Our 2024 benefit design approach contemplates these trends. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and we remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs; care activity; and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. This trend is creating needs for health management services which can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. We utilize various metrics to evaluate and manage our reportable segments, including individuals served by UnitedHealthcare by major market segment and funding arrangement, people served by Optum Health and adjusted scripts for Optum Rx. These metrics are the main drivers of revenue, earnings and cash flows at each business. The metrics also allow management and investors to evaluate and understand business mix, including the level and scope of services provided to people and pricing trends when comparing the metrics to revenue by segment. We are committed to leveraging technology resources and capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives.