The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable operating segment. We continued to refine our proprietary software called precision train builder to evaluate train and route characteristics to enable proactive intervention by our operating practices command center to prevent derailments. In addition, the software allows the team to simulate in-train forces to avoid train handling that would generate forces greater than tolerance limits. We plan to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. Our operating practices command center will help position us to implement predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions in addition to assisting employees with understanding best practices for handling trains. We will continue to transform our railroad to further improve our service product, improve resource utilization, and lower our overall cost structure. We are committed to delivering the service we sold to our customers. As we meet with customers to agree on their specific needs and outcomes, we will measure ourselves against the best service we provided them over the past three years and use that as a guide for meeting their expectations. Our goal is to be an industry leader in safety. We plan to improve the safety culture through our courage to care program. Courage to care is reflected in actions such as giving and receiving feedback on unsafe behavior, finding and eliminating risk, and improving the safety of the work environment. We will continue using a comprehensive safety management approach utilizing technology, hazard identification and risk assessments, employee engagement, training, quality control, and targeted capital investments. In addition, we expect to continue to make investments to support our growth strategy, harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resiliency of the network. The capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financing. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity. We analyze a wide range of economic scenarios and the impact on our ability to generate cash. These analyses inform our liquidity plans and activities. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through any or all the following sources or activities: increasing the utilization of our receivables facility, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We will continue to focus on operating a safe railroad and delivering the service we sold to our customers as well as effective asset utilization, cost control, and seeking new business opportunities. We will continue to refine our approach to understand climate-related risks and are taking an iterative approach in our business planning processes as risk factors, solutions, and technology develop.