We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. Our strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, which includes the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix to enhance our performance in serving our current customer base. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We have a dedicated team responsible for reducing waste in our operational processes, with objectives including optimizing our resources for delivery and pickup of equipment and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. The continued expansion and cross-selling of adjacent specialty and services products enable us to provide a "one-stop" shop for our customers. Our digital capabilities are integral to our strategy for profitable growth and operational flexibility. We believe that our size gives us greater purchasing power and the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, which enhances the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. Our management practices include the use of information technology systems and support, which are essential for coordinating our operations and enhancing our business processes. We continue to monitor the economic environment and take appropriate actions to address the challenges we face. The impact of inflation and increased interest rates may continue to be significant in the future, and we are committed to leveraging our IT capabilities to adapt to these changes. Our IT governance framework supports our strategic resource allocation and ensures that our technology resources are effectively deployed to meet business needs. As we pursue strategic acquisitions, we focus on integrating technology capabilities that enhance our operational efficiency and support our business transformation initiatives. The performance linkage between our IT investments and organizational goals is critical for driving performance gains and maintaining competitive advantage in the market. Our approach to managing information technology resources is aligned with our overall business strategy, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to market dynamics. We believe that our IT capabilities are essential for fostering innovation and supporting the long-term growth of our organization.