Welltower invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our asset management process generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and consolidated net operating income; however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. GAAP. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes. Our primary sources of cash include resident fees and services, rent and interest receipts, interest earned on short-term deposits, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions, and principal payments on loans receivable. Our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments, real property investments, loan advances, property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses, and other expenses. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash, and the proceeds from investment dispositions. We expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We believe that substantially all of our real estate acquisitions are considered asset acquisitions for which we record the related real estate acquired at cost on a relative fair value basis. The allocation of the purchase price to the related real estate acquired is based on a relative fair value analysis. We make judgments about which entities are variable interest entities based on an assessment of whether the equity investors as a group do not have a controlling financial interest. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends.