We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2024 are expected to be in a range from $1.45 billion to $1.75 billion, excluding acquisitions. Growth capital spending in 2024 primarily includes transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting growth in the haynesville basin, and projects supporting the northeast g&p business. We also expect to invest capital in our other segment ventures. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our financial position reflects the deferred consideration obligation for the rmm acquisition. We ended the year with $2.150 billion of cash and cash equivalents as reported on our consolidated balance sheet. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within reportable segments that include transmission & gulf of mexico, northeast g&p, west, and gas & ngl marketing services. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We have an agreement in place with a third party for a construction project to facilitate natural gas production growth in the susquehanna region. We constructed approximately 22 miles of gathering pipeline and associated incremental compression. The system added incremental natural gas gathering capacity of 320 mmcf/d. This project went into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. We constructed approximately 30 miles of gathering pipeline and associated incremental compression in the utica shale region. The system added incremental natural gas gathering capacity of 125 mmcf/d. Phase 1 of this project was placed into service in the third quarter of 2023 and phase 2 went into service in the fourth quarter of 2023. We received approval from the ferc for the project to expand transco's existing natural gas transmission system to provide incremental firm transportation capacity from receipt points in northeastern pennsylvania to multiple delivery points in pennsylvania, new jersey, and maryland. The project is expected to increase capacity by 829 mdth/d. Our strategy includes a focus on earnings and cash flow growth, noting significant increases in both net income and cash provided by operating activities. Our financial position reflects the deferred consideration obligation for the rmm acquisition. We maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship including seeking opportunities for renewable energy ventures, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that reduce emissions, and meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments.