We operate in a highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce, health and wellness, financial services, advertising and data service businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs and we operate with discipline by managing expenses and optimizing the efficiency of how we work. Our objective of prioritizing growth means we will focus on serving customers and members however they want to shop through our omni-channel business model. This includes increasing comparable store and club sales through increasing membership at Sam's Club and through Walmart+, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expansion of omni-channel initiatives that complement our strategy. We define our financial priorities as follows: growth - serve customers through a seamless omni-channel experience; margin - improve our operating income margin through productivity initiatives as well as category and business mix; and returns - improve our return on investment through margin improvement and disciplined capital spend. We have taken certain strategic actions across our segments, including an increased emphasis on investments in automation and supply chain as well as diversifying our earnings streams through category and business mix. Our strategy includes allocating the majority of our capital to higher-return areas focused on automation such as ecommerce, supply chain and store and club investments. We project capital expenditures will be approximately $20 billion to $24 billion, with a focus on technology, supply chain, and customer-facing initiatives. We measure return on capital with our return on assets, return on investment and free cash flow metrics. We also provide returns in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the liquidity and capital resources section. Our total revenues, which includes net sales and membership and other income, increased $36.8 billion or 6.0% and $38.5 billion or 6.7% for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. The increase was primarily due to positive comparable sales for the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, which were driven by growth in transactions, combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness, along with positive comparable sales across our international markets. We focus on comparable sales in the U.S. as we believe it is a meaningful metric within the context of the U.S. retail market where there is a single currency, one inflationary market and generally consistent store and club formats from year to year. Comparable sales growth was driven by growth in transactions combined with growth in average ticket, including strong sales in grocery and health and wellness. Our ecommerce sales positively contributed approximately 2.6% and 0.7% to comparable sales for fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily driven by store pickup and delivery. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. We expect continued uncertainty in our business and the global economy due to inflationary trends; swings in macroeconomic conditions and their effect on consumer confidence; volatility in employment trends; supply chain pressures; and ongoing uncertainties related to global health epidemics or pandemics, any of which may impact our results.