We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so that they remain relevant for our customers. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all core species. Our internal R&D capabilities are differentiators, but we also collaborate across both academia and industry to ensure we are bringing the best possible innovations to our customers. We believe that digital and data have surpassed the stage of enablement and are now core decision drivers for the future of animal health. We are leaders in the translation of digital solutions and data insights to positive outcomes for our customers and for the animals they care for, whether for better identification of health care solutions in pets or improved production capabilities in livestock. We recognize the increasing uncertainty in our industry and more broadly across the world. While we aim to improve our ability to predict, we more importantly aim to be proactive in how effectively we manage our resources and how quickly we can redeploy focus to emerging themes or priorities. We actively review and manage our resources, continuously improve key operational processes, and ensure strategic focus on our core business. The overall economic environment, in addition to industry-specific factors, presents challenges related to global economic conditions, an economic downturn, and high inflation. Growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers compared to traditional veterinary practices. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. We believe that our customers' success is our success and that the best way to realize that success is by enabling veterinarians, livestock producers, and pet owners to provide the best possible care for animals. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation.