Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company's financial performance in 2021 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $56.2 billion, operating earnings of $17.9 billion, and cash flows from operations of $22.8 billion. Abbvie's mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. To achieve these strategic objectives, Abbvie intends to continue to invest in and expand its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, and eye care, as well as continued investment in key on-market products. The integration plan following the Allergan acquisition is expected to realize approximately $2.5 billion of annual cost synergies in 2022, highlighting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company operates as a single global business segment and employs approximately 50,000 individuals, utilizing its expertise and unique approach to innovation to develop advanced therapies. The financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of Abbvie's pipeline assets and ongoing investment in Abbvie's on-market brands. The company continues to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to help ensure that patients continue to receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. Abbvie's strategic objectives include maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers, growing revenues by leveraging Abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas, and sustaining eye care leadership by maximizing Abbvie's current eye care portfolio. The favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review is expected to contribute to revenue growth. Abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued realization of expense synergies from the Allergan acquisition, leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain, and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs, and general corporate expenses. The company recognizes the importance of information management capability, which includes the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. Abbvie's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals, underscoring the importance of IT capability in transforming a firm into a competitive force.