In our digital media segment, we are a market leader with creative cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile apps and cloud-based services for designing, creating and publishing rich and immersive content. Creative cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users' machines, machine learning and artificial intelligence, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities, tools which assist with enterprise deployments and team collaboration. We expect creative cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by attracting new users with new features and products, continuing to acquire users with our low cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value to creative cloud, and delivering new features and technologies to existing customers with our latest releases. In our digital experience segment, we continued to experience growth in software-based subscription revenue across our portfolio of offerings. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. Adobe Experience Cloud delivers solutions for our customers across the following strategic growth pillars: data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys, and marketing workflow. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Digital experience revenue was $3.87 billion in fiscal 2021, up from $3.13 billion in fiscal 2020 which represents 24% year-over-year growth. Driving this increase was the increase in subscription revenue across our offerings which grew to $3.38 billion in fiscal 2021 from $2.66 billion in fiscal 2020, representing 27% year-over-year growth. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. The ongoing shift to a digital-first world has increased the importance and relevance of our solutions, which has contributed to our continued growth year over year. Our financial results for fiscal 2021 benefited from an extra week in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 due to our 52/53 week financial calendar whereby fiscal 2021 is a 53-week year compared with fiscal 2020 and 2019 which were 52-week years. We categorize our products into the following reportable segments: digital media, digital experience, and publishing and advertising. Our digital media segment provides products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere and accelerate their productivity by modernizing how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and creative content. Our customers include creative professionals, including photographers, video editors, graphic and experience designers and game developers, communicators, including content creators, students, marketers and knowledge workers, and consumers.