The company continues to monitor its investment portfolios to adjust to market conditions, including the continuing recovery, changes in monetary policy, and inflation. Both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. have accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. Aflac Japan remains focused on generating new business from existing and prospective customers through direct mail and digital methods. The company has also accelerated investments in digital and paperless initiatives designed to increase long-term productivity, efficiency, customer service, and business continuity. Aflac U.S. has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, and customer service. The company expects to maintain strong capital ratios in Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital in the form of share repurchases and opportunistic investments. The company intends to maintain a minimum SMR of 500% for Aflac Japan and a target minimum RBC of approximately 400% for Aflac, consistent with the company's risk management practices. The company anticipates that the shift in premiums from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios in the Aflac Japan segment. The company expects benefit and expense ratios to continue to experience some level of revenue pressure due to the impact of paid-up policies and reduced sales during the COVID-19 pandemic. Aflac U.S. expects benefit ratios to normalize in 2022, and for expense ratios to remain elevated in light of investments into U.S. platforms, while revenues that have faced pressure due to the impact of the global pandemic are anticipated to return to growth in the near term. The company believes that its strategy of positioning itself for future growth and efficiency while defending and leveraging its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward these objectives. The company has committed $400 million to Aflac Ventures, LLC, which supports the organic growth and business development needs of Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve the customer experience, gain efficiencies, and develop new markets in an effort to enhance and defend long-term shareholder value. The company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives. The company has also advanced the modernization of its actuarial technology platform to enhance its modeling, data management, experience study, and analytical capabilities, increase the end-to-end automation of key reporting and analytical processes, and optimize its control framework. The company has created a robust governance framework and a plan to support the implementation of the updated standard for long-duration contracts, which will require significant judgments in designing discount rate methodologies for its Japanese third-sector liabilities. The company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing sensitivity to market risk conditions and has undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's SMR. The company's global information security program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents, ensuring that the company's information assets and data are appropriately protected from loss or theft.