The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. We believe that our general insurance companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these obligations. The investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. Our liquidity risk management framework includes liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific, broader industry and market-related liquidity events. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements, and subordination to reduce the credit risk related to outstanding financial derivative transactions. Our risk management framework includes written policies that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear guidance regarding their execution and management. We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. Our investment strategy within the general insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus, maintenance of sufficient liquidity for unanticipated insurance claims, and preservation of capital. We have established a risk management framework that includes policies, standards, and deployment of systems. Our enterprise risk management department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of AIG's major risk positions. The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. We have a diverse investment portfolio with material exposures to various forms of credit risk. The far-reaching economic impacts of COVID-19 have been largely offset, to date, by intervention taken by governments and monetary authorities and equity market rebound resulting in a minimal impact on the value of the portfolio. Our insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates, effective management of our investment portfolio, and operating expense discipline. We utilize a number of approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure, including sensitivity analysis, stochastic methods, scenario analysis, and experience studies. We actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads, and the shape of the yield curve. Our risk management efforts may not always be successful, and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or financial condition may occur.