Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections, expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries, and growing its services business. Applied's significant investments in research, development and engineering must generally enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The growth of data and emerging end-market drivers such as artificial intelligence, the internet of things, 5G networks, smart vehicles, and augmented and virtual reality are also creating the next wave of growth for the industry. Demand for applied global services' solutions is driven by Applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems, and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Industry conditions that affect applied global services' sales of spares and services are primarily characterized by increases in semiconductor manufacturers' wafer starts and continued strong utilization rates, growth of the installed base of equipment, and the company's ability to sell more comprehensive service agreements. Applied's results are driven primarily by customer spending on capital equipment and services to support key technology transitions or to increase production volume in response to worldwide demand for semiconductors and displays. Spending by semiconductor customers, which include companies that operate in the foundry, logic, and memory markets, is driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, storage, and other products. The timing of customer investment in manufacturing equipment is also affected by the timing of next-generation process development and the timing of capacity expansion to meet end-market demand. Applied's cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher net income, partially offset by an increase in the accounts receivable balance. Applied's working capital was $9.8 billion at October 31, 2021, reflecting its ability to mobilize resources effectively. The company's commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering is critical to maintaining a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides. Applied has maintained and intends to continue its commitment to investing in research, development, and engineering in order to continue to offer new products and technologies. The semiconductor systems segment is comprised primarily of capital equipment used to fabricate semiconductor chips, and development efforts are focused on solving customers' key technical challenges in transistor, interconnect, patterning, and packaging performance. Applied's IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company’s IT architecture and governance are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency. Applied's ability to leverage its IT resources in combination with other capabilities is crucial for transforming its business and achieving competitive advantage in a rapidly changing market landscape.