The COVID-19 pandemic has presented ongoing significant economic and societal disruption and market unpredictability, which has affected our business and operating environment driven by a low interest rate environment and volatility and changes in the equity markets and the potential associated implications to client behavior. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors" - and other factors as discussed herein. The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. Revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. These factors, in turn, are largely determined by overall investment market performance and the depth and breadth of our individual client relationships. The ongoing low interest rate environment may result in increases to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducement costs, which may negatively impact our adjusted operating earnings. Management uses adjusted operating measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. The success of our strategies may be influenced by the ability to effectively mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are committed to transforming our IT capabilities to enhance business processes and support strategic resource allocation, ultimately driving competitive advantage and operational efficiency. The integration of technology into our business processes allows for improved data management, information accuracy, and decision-making speed, which are critical in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands. Our focus on enhancing IT governance and resource allocation is essential for achieving operational flexibility and maintaining market responsiveness. The strategic alignment of our technology infrastructure with organizational goals facilitates innovation and supports the continuous improvement of our business processes. As we navigate the complexities of the current economic environment, our emphasis on IT capability development will be pivotal in driving performance gains and enhancing our competitive positioning in the financial services sector.