Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We expect to continue to pursue new, high-return opportunities that are aligned with our growth strategy and to add the resources necessary for project development and execution. We remain committed to creating shareholder value through capital deployment and delivering increased dividends. The duration and extent of ongoing global challenges, such as rising energy costs, energy consumption curtailment, and supply chain disruptions, remain uncertain. Our operations are organized into reportable business segments under which we managed our operations, assessed performance, and reported earnings. We focus on serving energy, environment, and emerging markets, providing essential industrial gases, related equipment, and applications expertise to customers in various industries. We develop, engineer, build, own, and operate some of the world's largest industrial gas projects, including gasification projects that sustainably convert abundant natural resources into syngas for the production of high-value power, fuels, and chemicals. We are developing carbon capture projects and world-scale low carbon and carbon-free hydrogen projects that will support global transportation and the energy transition away from fossil fuels. We experienced significantly higher energy and natural gas costs in the second half of fiscal year 2021, particularly in North America and Europe. Contractual provisions associated with our on-site business allow us to pass these costs to our customers. Our focus on pricing actions, including energy cost recovery, in our merchant businesses resulted in price improvement in each of our three regional segments. We expect to add new projects to our onsite business model, which has contractual protection from energy cost fluctuations and generates stable cash flow. We expect higher costs from planned maintenance activities on our facilities in fiscal year 2022 and higher pension expense resulting from lower expected returns on assets. Additionally, we expect to continue to focus on our sustainability goals, including our commitment to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions intensity and advance diversity and inclusion. Our cash balance and cash flows from operations are our primary sources of liquidity and are generally sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We have the flexibility to access capital through a variety of financing activities, including accessing the capital markets, drawing upon our credit facility, or alternatively, accessing the commercial paper markets. We do not expect that a significant portion of the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and affiliates will be subject to U.S. income tax upon repatriation to the U.S. The repatriation of these earnings may be subject to foreign withholding and other taxes. We anticipate capital expenditures to be funded principally with our current cash balance and cash generated from continuing operations. We intend to continue to evaluate acquisitions of small- and medium-sized industrial gas companies or assets from other industrial gas companies, purchases of existing industrial gas facilities from our customers, and investment in large industrial gas projects driven by demand for more energy, cleaner energy, and emerging market growth.