Amphenol is one of the world's largest designers, manufacturers, and marketers of electrical, electronic, and fiber optic connectors and interconnect systems, antennas, sensors, and sensor-based products, and coaxial and high-speed specialty cable. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. A trend among customers has been to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad market diversification, developing high-technology performance-enhancing solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. In 2021, net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased, driven primarily by continued strong sales growth to web service providers and broad-based market demand for server, storage, and networking-related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth. The company reported strong growth across nearly all end markets, including the industrial, automotive, information technology and data communications, military, and mobile networks markets, along with contributions from the company's acquisition program. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has completed several acquisitions, including the acquisition of MTS Systems Corporation, which was funded through a combination of borrowings under the U.S. commercial paper program and cash on hand. The MTS acquisition was significant as it provided the company with a highly complementary offering of high-technology, harsh environment sensors sold into diverse end markets and applications. The company also completed the acquisition of Halo Technology Limited, which is a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components. The company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, as well as the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.