We are a global technology leader that designs, develops, and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions with unmatched scale on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based information technology solutions and services, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. We continue to see robust demand in this area and record profitability driven by the supply imbalance. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility, and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, which has enabled us to build our extensive IP portfolio and develop critical expertise regarding our customers' requirements, including substantial system-level knowledge. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our critical accounting policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, and valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets, which require significant estimates and assumptions. We perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill and assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Our ability to fund liquidity requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors. We may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financing from time to time. Our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. We expect a slight increase in capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and related uncertainties and supply imbalance have caused and may continue to cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations.