We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our business is impacted by various factors within the economy that affect both our consumer and our industry, including but not limited to fuel costs, wage rates, supply chain disruptions, hiring and other economic conditions, including the effects of, and responses to, COVID-19. The long-term impact to our business remains unknown as we are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will have due to numerous uncertainties. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to expansion of our store base and supply chain to fuel the growth of our domestic and Mexico businesses, which includes new stores, including mega hubs, as well as distribution center expansions and remodels. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. The increase in capital expenditures from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by increased store openings. We believe our cash generated from operating activities, available cash reserves and available credit, supplemented with our long-term borrowings will provide ample liquidity to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments to support long-term growth initiatives. Our net cash flows used in investing activities were $601.8 million in fiscal 2021, $497.9 million in fiscal 2020 and $491.8 million in fiscal 2019. Our adjusted after-tax return on invested capital was 41.0% as compared to 35.7% for the comparable prior year period. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and use of a specialist, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. We have also experienced continued accelerated pressure on wages in the U.S. during fiscal 2021. The regulatory changes are expected to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase employees' wages substantially over the next few years. We believe the aging vehicle population will continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We believe this decrease in miles driven is a result of the pandemic, but we are unable to predict if this decline will continue and are uncertain of the impact it will have on our business. We continue to invest in supplies for the protection of our employees and customers and increased the frequency of cleaning and disinfecting our stores. Our sales remain at record levels as we have experienced unprecedented customer demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that many of our customers have benefitted from pandemic-related government stimulus and benefits. We continue to experience unprecedented demand for our products during the COVID-19 pandemic and make progress on our initiatives aimed at improving our ability to say "yes" to our customers more frequently, drive traffic to our stores and accelerate our commercial growth. Our business transformation efforts are aimed at enhancing our operational efficiency and aligning our resources to better respond to market dynamics and consumer demands.