BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock's strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, which includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is focused on enhancing Aladdin, with continued investment into areas such as whole portfolio, private markets, wealth, and a leading sustainable investing solution. BlackRock is also investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth by migrating Aladdin from BlackRock-hosted data centers to the cloud, which will bring enhanced capabilities to BlackRock and its Aladdin clients, accelerating innovation and supporting greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. Through this migration, the company is building Aladdin Data Cloud, a next-generation solution that will bring Aladdin and non-Aladdin data together, allowing clients to nimbly access and use data across their organization, unlocking their full potential for collaboration, creativity, and innovation. BlackRock has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice across the organization and plans to accelerate those efforts. The company’s diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of the firm, accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology, and deliver whole portfolio solutions while becoming the global leader in sustainable investing. The company believes that its investments in technology and data science have resulted in record organic growth in active strategies. BlackRock's active platform reflects global reach, interconnectivity across teams and regions, growing data and insights, integrated technology and risk management, and scalable processes, all of which enable it to deliver more consistent outcomes for clients over the long term. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. BlackRock’s focus on enhancing its technology infrastructure and capabilities is integral to its operational efficiency and effectiveness in meeting client needs and responding to market dynamics.