Through our subsidiaries, we engage in numerous diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively affected most of our businesses beginning in March of 2020, with the effects to date ranging from relatively minor to severe. Earnings of most of our manufacturing, service, and retailing businesses declined considerably, and in certain instances severely, in the second quarter of 2020. Over the second half of 2020 and continuing in 2021, many of these businesses experienced significant recoveries in revenues and earnings, in some instances exceeding pre-pandemic levels. However, many of our businesses were negatively affected by ongoing global supply chain disruptions, including those attributable to major winter storms and a hurricane in North America, which contributed to higher input costs. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities at our operations will completely normalize. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting of $728 million in 2021, $657 million in 2020, and $325 million in 2019. In each year, we generated underwriting earnings from primary insurance and underwriting losses from reinsurance. The significant catastrophe events in 2021 included Hurricane Ida and floods in Europe in the third quarter, as well as Winter Storm Uri in the first quarter. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the periodic operating results of our insurance businesses. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We strive to generate underwriting profits. However, time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the claim liabilities. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We receive premiums at the inception of these contracts, which are then available for investment.