Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting a remote work model and we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. We have also leveraged technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong. The increase in fee related earnings was attributable to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, partially offset by increases in fee related compensation and other operating expenses. The increase in fee related performance revenues was primarily due to the crystallization of performance revenues. Management fees, net were driven by an increase in base management fees, primarily due to fee-earning assets under management growth in core+ real estate and breds. The increase in performance allocations was primarily due to the increase in investment income (loss) - performance allocations, on which a portion of this compensation is based. The increase in segment distributable earnings was attributable to increases in fee related earnings and net realizations. The increase in fee related earnings was primarily due to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, on which a portion of fee related compensation is based. The segment distributable earnings in our private equity segment in 2021 were higher compared to 2020, primarily driven by an increase in fee related earnings, as well as an increase in net realizations. The increase in net realizations was attributable to increases in realized performance revenues and realized principal investment income. The increase in realized performance revenues was primarily due to higher realized performance revenues in corporate private equity and tactical opportunities. The increase in fee related earnings was primarily attributable to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, partially offset by increases in fee related compensation and other operating expenses. The increase in management fees, net was primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. The increase in fee related performance revenues was primarily due to the crystallization of performance revenues in our hedge fund solutions segment. The segment's revenues depend in part on our ability to successfully grow such existing diverse business lines and strategies and to identify and scale new ones to meet evolving investor appetites. The increase in fee related earnings was attributable to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, partially offset by increases in fee related compensation and other operating expenses. The increase in management fees, net was primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. The increase in fee related performance revenues was primarily due to performance and growth in assets in bxsl and the launch of bcred in the first quarter of 2021. The increase in net realizations was attributable to increases in realized performance revenues and realized principal investment income. The increase in realized performance revenues was primarily driven by realizations and higher returns for the year ended December 31, 2021, principally within customized solutions and commingled products. The increase in fee related earnings was attributable to increases in management fees, net and fee related performance revenues, partially offset by increases in fee related compensation and other operating expenses. The increase in management fees, net was primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. The increase in fee related performance revenues was primarily due to performance and growth in assets in bxsl and the launch of bcred in the first quarter of 2021.