We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits (ICs), system-on-chips (SoCs), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our strategy, which we call intelligent system design, is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial and healthcare. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. We continued to execute our intelligent system design strategy with our announcement of the next generation of hardware-software products in our functional verification product category, which consists of the integrated Palladium Z2 emulation and Protium X2 prototyping systems, to accelerate hardware debug and software validation. The addition of these technologies and talent broadens our system design and analysis portfolio and expertise. Management uses certain performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that tend to cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, our annual merit cycle, stock-based compensation, restructuring and other employment separation activities, foreign exchange rate movements, and volatility in variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2021 was primarily due to improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple software and/or IP licenses, hardware and services, including professional services, technical support services, and rights to unspecified updates to a customer. These contracts require us to apply judgment in identifying and evaluating any terms and conditions in contracts which may impact revenue recognition. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts comprise a single arrangement can affect the allocation of consideration to the distinct performance obligations, which could have an effect on results of operations for the periods involved. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate agreements should be accounted for separately or as, in substance, a single arrangement. Our estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of its acquired intangible assets are reasonable, but significant judgment is involved. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset.