We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our spectrum brand. Over an advanced high-capacity, two-way telecommunications network, we offer a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including spectrum internet, TV, mobile, and voice. For small and medium-sized companies, spectrum business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity. The COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees provide services to our customers. We remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services with attractive pricing. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of internet connectivity services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. We continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. This effort, in combination with our expanding Wi-Fi network and continued 5G enhancements, should position our mobile product for continued customer experience and cost structure improvements. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates. The increase in our operating costs and expenses was attributable to programming costs, regulatory, connectivity, and produced content costs, as well as mobile costs associated with customer acquisition and operating costs. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, primarily driven by the augmentation of network capacity for customer growth and usage. We expect full year 2022 cable capital expenditures to be between $7.1 billion and $7.3 billion. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction project, and the build-out and deployment of our CBRS spectrum. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our leverage ratio was 4.4 times adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2021. We expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within our target leverage range. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps, or dispositions against our objectives, including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development, or technology capabilities. However, there can be no assurance that we will complete any acquisitions, dispositions, or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results.