We are strengthening our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, ecommerce and data and analytics enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. In particular, we believe our digital transformation is of paramount importance to our success going forward. We continue to invest behind our brands, including through advertising, and to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary and skin health professionals and traditional and ecommerce retailers. We also continue to broaden our ecommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. The retail landscape, the ease of new entrants into the market in many of our categories and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers demand that we work differently and faster in an agile, authentic and culturally relevant manner to drive innovation. The investments needed to drive growth are supported through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, which are referred to as our funding-the-growth initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics and advertising and promotional materials, among other things, and encompass a wide range of projects, examples of which include raw material substitution, reduction of packaging materials, consolidating suppliers to leverage volumes and increasing manufacturing efficiency through SKU reductions and formulation simplification. We continue to prioritize our investments in high growth segments within our oral care, personal care and pet nutrition businesses, including by expanding our portfolio in premium skin health. The 2022 global productivity initiative is intended to reallocate resources towards our strategic priorities and faster growth businesses, drive efficiencies in our operations and streamline our supply chain to reduce structural costs. Implementation of the 2022 global productivity initiative, which is expected to be substantially completed by December 31, 2022, is projected to result in cumulative pre-tax charges, once all phases are approved and implemented, totaling between $200 and $240, which are currently estimated to be comprised of employee-related costs, including severance, pension and other termination benefits; asset-related costs, primarily accelerated depreciation and asset write-downs; and other charges, which include contract termination costs. It is estimated that approximately 90% of the charges will result in cash expenditures. Annualized pre-tax savings are projected to be in the range of $90 to $110. We are also changing the way we work to drive growth and how we approach innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization to respond to the dynamic retail landscape and the evolving preferences of our customers and consumers. The rapid growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. We plan to continue to invest behind our digital and analytics capabilities and higher growth businesses, such as ecommerce. We expect the ongoing economic impact and health concerns associated with COVID-19 to continue to impact consumer behavior, shopping patterns and consumption preferences during 2022. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through innovation within our core businesses, leveraging faster growth in adjacent categories, expanding in high-growth channels and markets and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency.