Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, including capital and liquidity management, by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We expect the rising cost of technology talent, on top of the company's continued growth investments, will put pressure on our operating efficiency ratio in the near term. We believe that we will be able to drive operating efficiency improvement in the longer term powered by growth and digital productivity gains. Our expectations take into account, and should be read in conjunction with, our expectations regarding economic trends and analysis of our business. We provide additional information on the composition of our loan portfolio and credit quality, which is essential for understanding our operational capabilities. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company, including the management of technology services that directly support business areas. The framework includes elements such as governance and accountability, risk identification, assessment, measurement, and response, which are critical for effective IT capability. Our capital management processes are linked to our risk management practices, ensuring that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. We utilize identified risks to inform key aspects of the company's capital planning, including the development of stress scenarios and the assessment of the adequacy of post-stress capital levels. The liquidity framework uses internal and regulatory stress testing and the evaluation of other balance sheet metrics to confirm that we maintain a fortified balance sheet that is resilient to uncertainties that may arise as a consequence of systemic, idiosyncratic, or combined liquidity events. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, including cyber and technology risk, which are crucial for maintaining IT capability. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex, and we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations. Our credit risk management policies and procedures are designed to ensure that our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns, which is supported by our IT systems that facilitate data management and reporting. The strategic planning process considers relevant changes to the company's overall risk profile, and our board of directors approves a risk appetite statement that governs risk-taking at the company. We employ various quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each of our lines of business. Our technology infrastructure supports the analysis, aggregation, and reporting capabilities across risk categories, enhancing our overall IT capability. We have established a governance framework intended to ensure that our estimate of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate, which includes oversight of methods, models, qualitative adjustments, process controls, and results. Our liquidity reserves decreased primarily driven by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents as excess cash was used to fund loan growth, highlighting the importance of effective resource allocation and management in our operational strategy.