We participate in a capital-intensive industry, and our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. Our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments, including civil unrest or strained relationships with governments that may impact our operations or investments. These changing environments could negatively impact our results of operations. The 2022 operating plan capital budget is $7.2 billion, which includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, base maintenance, and investments in several early-stage low-carbon opportunities that address end-use emissions. Our key performance indicators reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production. The increase in production during 2021 was partly offset by normal field decline and absence of production from Australia-West due to our second quarter 2020 disposition. We explore for, produce, transport, and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, LNG, and NGLs on a worldwide basis. Our operations are producing in various countries, and total production increased significantly in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher volumes in the lower 48 due to our Concho acquisition and new wells online in multiple regions. Our technology activities include investments in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues, which increased in 2021 compared to 2020. We believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near- and long-term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments, and required debt payments. The company has adopted a climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register. We have developed a company-wide climate change action plan that includes targets for reducing emissions intensity and improving operational efficiency. The strategy aims to be robust across a range of potential future outcomes, and we have set interim operational targets to reduce our gross operated and net equity emissions intensity by 40 to 50 percent from 2016 levels by 2030. We also have a commitment to return greater than 30 percent of cash from operating activities during periods where commodity prices are meaningfully higher than our planning price range. Our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended December 31, 2021, totaled $16.7 billion, supporting key exploration and development activities across various regions. We continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations, and we are working to enhance our technology capabilities to support business needs and improve performance outcomes. Our management practices facilitate the evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases, enabling us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable, as new standards continue to evolve. We expect to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.