We deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health. The pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 and 2020 included costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems. We currently expect to spend approximately $500 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022, which will include investments relating to various technology initiatives, including technology investments at alliance healthcare. Our operations are comprised of the pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment and other operating segments that focus on global commercialization services, animal health, and international pharmaceutical wholesale and related service operations. The acquisition expands our reach and solutions in pharmaceutical distribution and adds to our depth and breadth of global manufacturer services. We agreed to a three-year extension of our existing pharmaceutical distribution agreement with Walgreens Boots Alliance and the arrangement pursuant to which we have access to generic drugs and related pharmaceutical products. We have undertaken a strategic evaluation of our reporting structure to reflect our expanded international presence as a result of the acquisition of alliance healthcare. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, and the rate of conversion from brand products to generic drugs and biosimilars. The increase in the pharmaceutical distribution services segment revenue was largely attributable to increased sales to specialty physician practices and increased sales of COVID-19 treatments. We recorded a goodwill impairment of $6.4 million in our Profarma reporting unit in connection with our fiscal 2021 annual impairment test. The increase in distribution, selling, and administrative expenses was primarily due to the acquisition of alliance healthcare and increases in payroll-related operating costs to support current and future revenue growth. Our operating income increased due to the increase in gross profit and was offset in part by an increase in operating expenses. We have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt and manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. We also have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period-end working capital account balances. The integration of the alliance healthcare businesses into the company may be more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. We have established a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets for which the ultimate realization of future benefits is uncertain.