We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2021 was driven primarily by an increase in revenue per car, partially offset by a decrease in volume. The growth in the U.S. was primarily the result of increased volume and higher average auction selling prices, which we believe was due to a change in the mix of vehicles sold; increased demand; and reduced supply. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements. We have implemented our pricing structure and auction procedures and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by integrating our management information systems. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. The covid-19 pandemic may impact our processed vehicle volume and corresponding vehicle average selling prices. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. The increase in yard operations expenses resulted primarily from an increase in the cost to process each car partially offset by a decline in volume driven by the covid-19 pandemic. We adjusted, but did not make material modifications to, our operating expenses to be able to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. Our effective income tax rates were impacted by the recognition of excess tax benefits from the exercise of employee stock options. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2021 came primarily from an increase in stock compensation and increased legal costs. We have certain contracts with insurance companies in which we act as a principal, purchasing vehicles and reselling them for our own account. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in various regions with the intention of providing global coverage for our sellers. We cannot predict future trends in total loss frequency, and the factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns are many and varied.