We are a global leader in customer relationship management ("CRM") technology that brings companies and customers together in the digital age. We enable companies of every size and industry to take advantage of powerful technologies, including cloud, mobile, social, voice, blockchain, and artificial intelligence to connect to their customers in a whole new way and help them transform their businesses around the customer in this digital-first world. With our Customer 360 platform, we deliver a single source of truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps, and devices to help companies with their digital transformation. Customer 360 gives teams sales, service, marketing, and commerce capabilities and more, and a single shared view of their customers so they can work together to build lasting, trusted relationships and deliver the personalized experiences their customers expect. We continue to invest for future growth and are focused on several key growth levers, including driving multiple service offering adoption, increasing our penetration with enterprise and international customers, and our industry-specific reach with more vertical software solutions. These growth drivers often require a more sophisticated go-to-market approach and, as a result, we may incur additional costs upfront to obtain new customers and expand our relationships with existing customers, including additional sales and marketing expenses specific to subscription and support revenue. We plan to continue to reinvest a significant portion of our income from operations in future periods to grow and innovate our business and service offerings and expand our leadership role in the cloud computing industry. We drive innovation organically and, to a lesser extent, through acquisitions. We evaluate acquisitions and investment opportunities in complementary businesses, services, technologies, and intellectual property rights in an effort to expand our service offerings and to nurture the overall ecosystem for our offerings. Our recent acquisition of Slack Technologies, Inc. is creating a new digital headquarters, where companies, employees, governments, and stakeholders can create success from anywhere. We expect to make investments and acquisitions in the future to continue our growth and expand our service offerings and our professional services organization in supporting the adoption of our service offerings. We have incurred significant expenses for equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles, which have reduced our operating income. We periodically make changes to our sales organization to position us for long-term growth, which has in the past, and could again in the future, result in temporary disruptions to our sales productivity. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expense and allocated overhead. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of revenues in future periods as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies and the integration of acquired technologies. We continue to make investments in our infrastructure, including offices, information technology, and data centers, as well as investments with infrastructure service providers, to provide capacity for the growth of our business. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with our overall growth. Our overall acquisition strategy may evolve to require integration and business operation changes that may result in incremental income tax costs. We believe that effectively managing our priority environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") topics will help create long-term value for our investors.