The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale, affecting business operations and necessitating operational changes. We have managed the risk of COVID-19 by giving all non-essential employees the choice to work from home or to come into our physical locations with appropriate health and safety measures. Notwithstanding the shift to work-from-home, we have been able to successfully operate with no significant impact on our operations or service levels. However, this shift has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no direct relationship, such as our employees' internet service providers. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt, which reflects our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility in response to market dynamics. The COVID-19 pandemic has also influenced consumer payment behaviors, leading to a shift from credit to debit, a decline in the use of cash, increasing online sales, and rapid adoption of contactless payment. The impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic may result in lasting changes in our payment services segment's results of operations. We have made investments for profitable long-term growth, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our digital banking segment reported significant growth, driven by lower funding costs and increased sales volume, reflecting our capability to adapt to changing business needs and directions. We have also increased our credit card and private student loan marketing and business development spend to support our loan growth initiatives. The allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans and considers the effects of all loan modifications, including troubled debt restructurings and loan modifications exempt from the TDR designation under the CARES Act. The provision for credit losses decreased significantly, primarily due to improvements in the macroeconomic forecast and continued stable credit performance, which underscores the importance of effective information management capability in providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security. Our liquidity portfolio consists of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, which we expect to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value. The overall economic environment directly impacts the macroeconomic variables that are used in our loss forecast models, and we have employed various strategies to manage liquidity risk, including conducting liquidity stress tests and maintaining a prudent liability maturity profile. We continue to evaluate the impact of regulatory changes and new regulatory guidance on our operational capabilities and business strategies, ensuring that we remain well-capitalized and capable of responding to evolving market conditions.