Management's discussion and analysis highlights that our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We are well-positioned for increased demand with our affordable product offerings, lot supply, and housing inventory. Our relationship with Forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to continue to increase the controlled portion of our lot pipeline. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our strategy includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We are investing in land and land development in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand. We are also focused on improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales, and other key operational activities. We continuously evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our homebuilding segment's inventories and land and lot position reflect our commitment to aligning our resources with market demands. We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our financial services operations have also shown growth, with revenues from mortgage operations increasing significantly due to a higher volume of transactions. We expect to continue to increase our production capacity and close more homes in fiscal 2022 than we closed in fiscal 2021. Our operational strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. We are committed to ensuring that our financial services business provides high-quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, and ability to access the capital markets will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations.