The institutional advancement program is intended to enhance our institutional sales and service structure and allow the sales team to capture share and penetration while maximizing service effectiveness by leveraging our ongoing investments in digital technology. We approved a restructuring plan in 2020 focused on the institutional business, which is aimed at further leveraging technology and system investments and organizational changes. The goal of the plan is to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities, and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates, which supports our ongoing investments in our business, acquisitions, and technology resources. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions that complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further in the notes, and we continue to evaluate our cash position in light of future developments. We have a broad customer base, and our retention rate of significant customers has aligned with our acquisition assumptions, including the customer bases acquired from our transactions, which make up the majority of our unamortized customer relationships. Our historical retention rate, coupled with our consistent track record of keeping long-term relationships with our customers, supports our expectation of consistent sales generation for the foreseeable future from the acquired customer bases. We have experienced no significant changes in the carrying amount or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets. The impact of the purolite transaction on our operating income has been excluded from adjusted results, and we have recorded acquisition and integration costs related to our acquisitions, which consist of integration costs and advisory and legal fees. Our reported operating income increased 15% to $1.6 billion in 2021, compared to $1.4 billion in 2020, driven by increased pricing and higher volume, which more than offset significantly higher delivered product costs and supply constraints, including the impact of the Texas freeze and hurricane Ida. We view our net debt to EBITDA ratio as an important indicator of the operational and financial health of our organization, and we continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, investments in our business, acquisitions, debt repayments, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our cash flows from financing activities primarily reflect the issuances and repayment of debt, common stock repurchases, proceeds from common stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs, and dividend payments. We manage interest expense using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt, and to help manage borrowing costs, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain intercompany financial arrangements and to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions related to cash flows denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. We expect continued, if uneven, global economic recovery, and we have also experienced continued substantial delivered product cost inflation.