We manage our operations by customer types through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx, and other. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs, innovative product design, and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our centers for medicare and medicaid services star ratings. We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as provide us access to new and evolving technologies and products. In 2019, we began using our subsidiary ingeniorx to market and offer pbm services, and we expect ingeniorx to continue to improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. We continue to assist our customers, providers, members, and communities in addressing the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, including by providing expanded benefit coverage for covid-19 diagnostic tests, treatment, and vaccine administration and taking steps to increase vaccinations by enabling, educating, and encouraging vaccine acceptance among our members as well as in the communities in which we operate. We strive to price our health benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends. We frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. We work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as care and condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management and utilization management, as well as benefit design changes. We believe these initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. Our ingeniorx subsidiary markets and offers pbm services to our affiliated health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. Our comprehensive pbm services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services, and mail order capabilities. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the SEC to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. We have a senior revolving credit facility available in the amount of $2,500 with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. Our ability to borrow under these credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to maintain a defined debt-to-capital ratio of not more than 60%. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments, and funds available under our senior revolving credit facilities and/or from public or private financing sources will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions. We do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods.