The company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements, which includes establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. The audit committee of the board of directors oversees the company's financial reporting process, meeting periodically with management and the company's internal auditors to review their work and monitor responsibilities. The company's management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. The company's auditor has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company continues to generate substantial operating cash flow, which has been sufficient for at least the next 12 months to meet operating requirements, including those related to salaries and wages, working capital, capital expenditures, and other liquidity requirements associated with operations. The company expects operational challenges to continue through the first half of the year, but price-cost is expected to turn to a tailwind during the second half. Emerson expects fiscal 2022 to be characterized by strong underlying demand, with strength in discrete and hybrid automation markets, further recovery in process markets, and expanding opportunities in sustainability projects expected to drive automation solutions full year net sales growth. The company expects to finance the transaction with Aspentech through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of new long-term debt. The transaction is expected to close in the second calendar quarter of 2022, subject to approval by Aspentech shareholders and regulatory approvals. The company anticipates that the transaction will initially increase its financial leverage and debt ratios but expects to retain its investment-grade long-term debt ratings. The company expects its leverage and debt ratios to improve rapidly through strong combined cash flow of the companies and disciplined capital allocation. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives, and it has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year and provides for withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes as appropriate.