The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. In 2021, we invested 17.3% of our net sales in research and development. We received United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") clearance for the Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software with the Acumen IQ finger cuff, which uses machine learning to alert clinicians of the likelihood a patient is trending toward hypotension. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes. Our manufacturing operations have continued to respond to impacts related to COVID-19, and we have been able to supply our technologies around the world. We are proactively managing inventory, assessing alternative logistics options, and closely monitoring the supply of components. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted nearly all aspects of our business and markets, including our workforce and the operations of our customers, suppliers, and business partners. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business and geographies, including its impact on our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, business partners, and distribution channels. The extent to which COVID-19 and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Despite the challenges associated with COVID-19, our net sales for 2021 were $5.2 billion, representing an increase driven by sales growth of our TAVR products. We also saw an increased demand for our critical care products in 2021 as hospital capital spending continued to show signs of recovery and elevated COVID hospitalizations in the United States and Europe increased demand for our pressure monitoring devices. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven primarily by a 0.5 percentage point increase in the United States due to an improved product mix, driven by TAVR products, and lower incremental costs associated with COVID-19. Our research and development expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. We believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. We periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We have a five-year credit agreement which matures on April 28, 2023, providing up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. Our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. We continue to invest in our operations and anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $300 million in 2022 as we focus on enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency.