The following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. We operate under a strategic approach that focuses predominantly on enhancing return through our low-cost development strategy of resource conversion, capital allocation, and continued improvements in operational and cost efficiencies. We are also committed to delivering results in a socially and environmentally responsible manner. Our average production was 137,002 mboe/d during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our cash operating costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 were $9.46 per boe, including lease operating expenses of $4.12 per boe, cash general and administrative expenses of $0.69 per boe, and production and ad valorem taxes and gathering and transportation expenses of $4.65 per boe. General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by $58 million primarily due to additional payroll and other employee-driven costs related to the QEP merger and the Guidon acquisition, as well as additional expenses related to the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system. The QEP merger-related expenses primarily consist of severance costs and banking, legal, and advisory fees. We expect cash general and administrative expenses to range from approximately $87 million to $110 million in 2022, and non-cash stock-based compensation to range from approximately $54 million to $69 million in 2022. We expect to continue to build on these operational efficiencies by controlling the variable portion of our operating and capital costs, which we believe will help mitigate the inflationary pressures seen across our business. Our capital expenditures excluding acquisitions and equity method investments were $1.487 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. We estimate that, of our 2022 capital expenditures, approximately $1.56 billion to $1.67 billion will be spent primarily on drilling and completing horizontal wells across our operated and non-operated leasehold acreage, with an average lateral length of approximately 10,200 feet. We remain committed to capital discipline by maintaining flat oil production in 2022 and expect to maintain our best-in-class capital efficiency and cost structure. Our capital return program is currently focused on our sustainable and growing dividend and a combination of stock repurchases and variable dividends. The decision to pay any future dividends is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. We expect to operate between 10 and 12 drilling rigs and between three and four completion crews in 2022 on average across our current acreage position in the Midland and Delaware basins. Our working capital requirements are supported by our cash and cash equivalents and our credit facility. We may draw on our revolving credit facility to meet short-term cash requirements, or issue debt or equity securities as part of our longer-term liquidity and capital management program. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. The increase in operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily resulted from an increase in our total revenues and receipt of refunds of income taxes receivable related to the carryback of federal net operating losses. The majority of our net cash used for investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was for the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties and related assets, including the acquisition of certain leasehold interests as part of the Guidon acquisition. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at the date of acquisition at their respective estimated fair values.