Fastenal invests in, develops, and deploys capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain. These capabilities range from service models that take advantage of our local presence and/or our ability to more efficiently manage complex procurement needs, to hardware and software technologies that promote actionable data capture, improve operating efficiencies, and reduce supply chain risk. We strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to support our growth, our product and technology development, and the needs of our customers. Our approach to addressing marketplace aspects is captured in our motto where industry meets innovation. We support customer-facing resources with a supply chain capability that is speedy, efficient, and cost-effective. The ultimate aim of this 'high-tech, high-touch' approach to gaining market share is to deepen our relationships and understanding of our customers' day-to-day opportunities and obstacles, enhancing our ability to provide innovative and comprehensive solutions to their challenges. We have increased our total employee headcount, reflecting personnel investments in information technology and operational support, such as purchasing and product development. Our administrative employee count has grown due to increased personnel investments in information technology and operational support. Our investments in information technology are aimed at enhancing our operational efficiency and supporting our growth drivers, particularly onsite and national account growth. We believe that the markets are efficient, meaning that companies that grow market share are those that develop differentiated capabilities that provide the greatest value to the customer. Our technology capabilities are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as they represent the application of IT resources to further organizational goals. We are focused on improving our information management capability, which includes providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We are committed to leveraging IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to enhance our business strategies and work processes. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical in navigating market dynamics and responding to customer needs effectively. The pandemic has highlighted the importance of our IT infrastructure in maintaining operational continuity and supporting our business transformation efforts. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as required. Our technology deployment and IT governance are integral to our strategic management practices, ensuring that we can adapt to changing business environments and customer demands. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for optimizing performance and enhancing our competitive positioning in the marketplace.