We are advancing several initiatives to recover additional copper from our large existing leach stockpiles across our North America and South America operations, which incorporate new applications, technologies, and data analytics currently being developed. Our operations at the Lone Star copper leach project at our Safford mine exceeded initial design capacity and produced approximately 235 million pounds of copper. The ramp-up of underground production at the Grasberg minerals district continues to advance on schedule, with combined average production from the Grasberg block cave and DMLZ underground mines approximating 128,600 metric tons of ore per day, more than double the year 2020 rates. We expect milling rates to average approximately 180,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2022. The installation of additional milling facilities is in progress and is expected to increase milling capacity to approximately 240,000 metric tons of ore per day. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. We continue to view the long-term outlook for our business positively, supported by expected rising demand associated with limitations on supplies of copper, the global economic recovery, and infrastructure development. Our financial policy is aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash returns to shareholders while advancing opportunities for future growth. We are also evaluating organic growth opportunities for expansion of certain of our operations in North America and South America, including at Bagdad, Lone Star, and El Abra, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Our board adopted a financial policy for the allocation of cash flows, which includes a new $3.0 billion share repurchase program and a variable cash dividend on common stock for 2022. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold, and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, and other working capital changes. We believe that our cash-generating capability and financial condition, which includes $8.1 billion of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs over the next several years. The development of additional smelting capacity in Indonesia will result in the elimination of export duties, providing an offset to the economic cost associated with the Indonesia smelter projects. Our commitment to innovation initiatives is designed to enhance productivity, expand margins, and reduce the capital intensity of our business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. We are committed to validating all of our copper producing sites with the Copper Mark, a comprehensive assurance framework designed to demonstrate the copper industry's responsible production practices. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. The cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business.