The fedex services segment provides sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, billing and collection services, and certain back-office functions that support our operating segments. Our business is labor and capital intensive in nature, which required us to incur higher costs to operate our networks during the pandemic, including increased wage rates and costs for additional personnel in place to support our operations and meet regulatory requirements. We will continue optimizing our fedex ground seven-day-per-week residential delivery network capacity to meet evolving customer needs in 2022. In addition, we will continue to focus on last-mile delivery optimization by directing certain u.s. day-definite fedex express shipments into the fedex ground network to increase efficiency and lower our cost-to-serve. We expect to incur approximately $150 million of tnt express integration expenses in 2022 in the form of professional fees, outside service contracts, salaries and wages and other operating expenses. Our capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be approximately $7.2 billion, an increase of $1.3 billion from 2021 due to investments in capacity to support increased volume levels, facility modernization, as well as replacement capital spend which was postponed in 2021 to improve liquidity and strengthen our financial position. Our expected capital expenditures for 2022 include investments in aircraft fleet modernization, strategic investments to increase capacity and improve productivity and safety, and the fedex express indianapolis and memphis hub modernization and expansion programs. We expect to complete the final phase of fedex express and tnt express international air network interoperability in early calendar 2022 allowing us to leverage the capabilities that tnt express adds to our portfolio, which is expected to improve our european revenue and profitability. We are making investments over multiple years of approximately $1.5 billion to significantly expand the fedex express indianapolis hub and approximately $1.5 billion to modernize the fedex express memphis world hub. We expect to incur additional costs, over multiple years, including transformation costs and capital investments related to these actions. Our operations are capital intensive, characterized by significant investments in aircraft, package handling and sort equipment, vehicles and trailers, technology and facilities. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including pre-existing contractual commitments, anticipated volume growth, domestic and international economic conditions, new or enhanced services, geographical expansion of services, availability of satisfactory financing and actions of regulatory authorities. We believe these initiatives will allow for the more efficient use of our existing assets, which will drive improved performance and enhance our competitive position over the long term. We will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures are expected to generate high returns on investment and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. We will continue to execute initiatives in addition to the integration to transform and optimize the fedex express international business, particularly in europe. These actions are focused on reducing the complexity and fragmentation of our international business, improving efficiency to meet changing customer expectations and business dynamics, lowering costs, increasing profitability and improving service levels.