Fortinet is a global leader in cybersecurity solutions, providing broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through its integrated Fortinet Security Fabric cybersecurity mesh platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response along with consolidated visibility across both Fortinet-developed solutions and a broad ecosystem of third-party solutions and technologies. The Fortinet Security Fabric is designed to connect Fortinet solutions and third-party solutions in a single ecosystem, enabling holistic detection and coordinated response across the attack cycle and surface through integration and automation. Our product offerings consist of FortiGate network security physical and virtual products, as well as non-FortiGate physical and virtual, software, and cloud-hosted products. We offer a rich set of cloud-delivered security services that can be customized to the organization's use cases. Our FortiGuard security services are enabled by FortiGuard Labs, which provides threat research and artificial intelligence capabilities from a cloud network to deliver coordinated protection. Our proprietary security processing units (SPUs) enhance security processing capabilities by accelerating computationally intensive tasks, and we provide virtualized security processing units (vSPUs) across our FortiGate virtual appliances to deliver similar accelerated capabilities in virtualized environments. The FortiOS operating system directs the operations of processors and SPUs, providing system management functions and enabling the integration of security functionalities. Our focus on security-driven networking solutions enables the convergence of networking and security across all edges, providing next-generation firewall, software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN), and secure access service edge (SASE). We derive a majority of product sales from our FortiGate network security appliances, which include a broad set of built-in security and networking features and functionalities. Our zero trust access solutions enable customers to know and control who and what is on their network, providing security for work from anywhere (WFA) and securing IoT and operational technology devices. Our adaptive cloud security solutions help customers connect securely to hybrid cloud, multi-cloud, and virtualized data center environments, extending core capabilities in cloud environments. We develop and provide a range of products and services that enable security operations center (SOC) teams to identify, investigate, and remediate potential incidents, with artificial intelligence being a key part of these offerings. Our customers purchase our natively integrated FortiGuard security subscription services as an add-on to products and solutions across the Fortinet Security Fabric, aiming to receive real-time threat intelligence and protection updates. Our business model typically involves selling security solutions to distributors and service providers, who in turn sell to end-customers or use our products and services to provide hosted solutions. We recognize revenue from cloud security solutions, professional services, and training, with service revenue expected to be higher than product revenue. Our total deferred revenue balance, which consists of unrecognized service revenue from FortiGuard and other security subscriptions, grew significantly, indicating strong demand for our services. We expect to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance our product offerings and maintain our competitive advantage in the cybersecurity market.