The technologies segment's revenue decreased due to timing on several international programs, and supply chain shortages and impacts to U.S. government acquisition cycles resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The decrease in C5ISR solutions revenue was also due to approximately $115 of revenue in 2020 from a satellite communications business that was sold in the second quarter of that year. These decreases were offset partially by increased IT services revenue due to the ramp-up of several new programs and higher volume on existing programs due to the reopening of, and increased access to, customer sites following limitations imposed in 2020 due to the pandemic. The technologies segment's operating margin increased 60 basis points compared with 2020 due to favorable contract mix and reduced COVID-related impacts in our IT services business, particularly customer reimbursement of idle workforce costs at zero fee in 2020 and early 2021. Additionally, operating results in 2020 included an approximate $40 loss on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by COVID-related travel restrictions, offset partially by a gain on the sale of the satellite communications business. In 2021, we expect our investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the segment's long-term growth. Similarly, we believe the aircraft services business will be a source of steady revenue growth as the global business jet fleet continues to grow and the impact of the pandemic subsides. Our total estimated contract value in the technologies segment was $27 billion on December 31, 2021, which is an important indicator of future orders and revenue. In 2021, approximately 60% of the segment's orders were from additional work on IDIQ contracts or the exercise of options. We received a contract to provide IT and technical support services to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) under the Solutions for the Information Technology Enterprise (SITE) III program. The program has a maximum potential value of $12.6 billion among multiple awardees. We also received several key contracts for classified customers and additional IDIQ awards with a maximum potential value of $4.2 billion among multiple awardees. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers. Our capital deployment priorities include investments in our products and services to drive long-term growth, a predictable dividend, strategic acquisitions, and opportunistic share repurchases. We believe agility is a key component of our capital deployment strategy as market conditions change over time. Our emphasis on cash flow generation, which is underpinned by an operating discipline focused on cost control and working capital management, gives us the flexibility for prudent capital deployment while allowing us to step down debt over time. We evaluate a variety of capital deployment options based on current market conditions and our long-term outlook. The technologies segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 in 2021, indicating a balance between new orders and revenue recognized. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment.