We strive to be the provider system of choice in the communities we serve and to support our operations with unique enterprise capabilities and best-in-class economies of scale. To achieve these objectives, we align our efforts around the following growth agenda: we plan to continue recruiting and strategically collaborating with the physician community and developing comprehensive service lines such as cardiology, neurology, oncology, orthopedics, and women's services. Additional components of our growth strategy include providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, including surgery centers, urgent care clinics, freestanding emergency care facilities, imaging centers, and home health and hospice services, as well as seeking to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. Achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality are central goals of our business. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. We believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high-quality care. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment, and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We are committed to providing the communities we serve with high-quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. Our provisions for income taxes for 2021 and 2020 include tax benefits related to employee equity award settlements. Our estimated reserves for professional liability claims may change significantly if future claims differ from expected trends. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities. We are also exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. Our variable debt is comprised primarily of amounts outstanding under the senior secured credit facilities. The average effective interest rate for our long-term debt was 4.9% for 2021 and 5.0% for 2020. We believe adequate reserves have been recorded for our professional liability claims; however, due to the complexity of the claims, the extended period of time to resolve the claims, and the wide range of potential outcomes, our ultimate liability for professional liability claims could change by more than the estimated sensitivity amounts and could change materially from our current estimates.