The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including strong home improvement demand and benefits from our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. Our inventory turnover ratio was 5.2 times at the end of fiscal 2021, compared to 5.8 times at the end of fiscal 2020. The decrease in our inventory turnover ratio was primarily driven by an increase in average inventory levels during fiscal 2021 to support the demand environment. The increase in online sales in fiscal 2021 was driven by customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms for their shopping needs. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to invest in the business through capital expenditures, fund dividend payments, fund any share repurchases, make any required debt payments, and satisfy other contractual obligations through the next several fiscal years. We plan to invest approximately $3 billion back into our business in the form of capital expenditures, in line with our expectation of approximately two percent of net sales on an annual basis, compared to $2.6 billion in fiscal 2021. However, we may adjust our capital expenditures to support the operations of the business, to enhance long-term strategic positioning, or in response to the economic environment, as necessary or appropriate. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, associate compensation, operations, occupancy costs, and income taxes. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in comparable average ticket was primarily driven by inflation, an increase in big-ticket transactions, elevated project demand, and strong demand for new and innovative products. We generated $16.6 billion of cash flow from operations, issued $3.0 billion of long-term debt, net of discounts, and received $1.0 billion of net proceeds from short-term debt during fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2021, we saw continued elevated home improvement demand, which began at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2020, with strong performance across our departments as customers continued to focus on home improvement projects and repairs. We opened five new stores in the U.S. and two new stores in Mexico during fiscal 2021, resulting in a total store count of 2,317 at January 30, 2022. Our total comparable sales increased 11.4% in fiscal 2021, reflecting an 11.7% increase in comparable average ticket and nearly flat comparable customer transactions when compared to fiscal 2020. The increase in net sales for fiscal 2021 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by an increase in comparable average ticket, as well as sales from HD Supply, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Our strategic management practices include leveraging technology resources to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs, which has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The assessment of uncertain tax positions requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available and requires a significant amount of management judgment.