The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our IP, generating revenue from management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners and licensing fees from strategic partnerships, including co-branded credit card arrangements for the right to use our IP. As a franchisor of hotels, we charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of one of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global portfolio and fee-based business, which involves evaluating the economic viability of hotels based on geographic location and the credit quality of third-party owners. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts, we expect to enhance revenues and overall return on invested capital. The ongoing nature of the COVID-19 pandemic has posed challenges to executing our strategy, including delays in openings and new development. Our development pipeline includes hotels under development throughout various countries, and we do not consider any individual project to be material. The hospitality industry is seasonal, with periods of higher or lower demand varying by property type and location. Our revenues are closely linked to consumer demand and global economic conditions, which are sensitive to discretionary spending levels. The success of our management and franchise business depends on our ability to maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees, which allows us to sustain our presence as contracts mature and generate new opportunities for property development. Our relationships with these third parties are essential for growth and maintenance of our hotel system. The increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties is correlated to our management and franchise segment revenues and operating income. We have observed significant improvement in our results due to an upward trend in travel and tourism, driven by the distribution of COVID-19 vaccinations and the easing of restrictions. The increase in owned and leased hotel revenues was primarily attributable to the ongoing recovery from the pandemic and increased occupancy across our hotels. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased share-based compensation expense and payroll expenses for our corporate workforce. We have taken steps to reduce fixed costs to maximize profitability while optimizing value for customers and stakeholders. Our cash management policy aims to maintain liquidity while minimizing operational costs, and we expect to continue financing our business activities primarily with cash generated from operations and available capacity of our revolving credit facility. We have continued access to debt markets and expect to obtain financing if necessary. The objectives of our cash management policy include preserving capital and maximizing returns on investments, with a focus on returning capital to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, supporting business strategies and enhancing operational efficiency through effective deployment of IT resources.