Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have diversified our business to not be dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class, and we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 49% in 2021. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate continued growth in the financial information services sector driven by increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards, and ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets. Our mortgage technology business enables greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. The origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to ensure high-quality loan transactions. Our mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between our customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers. Revenues from closing solutions increased as a result of increased demand and adoption of digital solutions, uniquely connecting key participants to digitize traditionally manual processes. Our fixed income data and analytics revenues increased due to strength in our index business and continued growth in our pricing and reference data business, driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers and the addition of new customers. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation serves emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. Our technology and communications expenses increased due to increased license fees and data acquisition costs, which are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions. Our operational perspective has remained open during the COVID-19 pandemic, and we have implemented contingency plans while monitoring local government mandates. The extent of the pandemic's impact on our business will depend on future developments and the effectiveness of vaccines. Our segments do not engage in intersegment transactions, and we directly allocate expenses when reasonably possible. We have recorded a gain on the Bakkt transaction and continue to monitor the dynamic situation, including guidance and regulations issued by governmental authorities. The integration of technology into our operations is critical for enhancing our competitive position and supporting our growth, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.