The pervasive and increasing needs for semiconductors in many consumer and industrial products, the rapid proliferation of new applications for more advanced semiconductor devices, and the increasing complexity associated with leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing drive demand for our process control and yield management solutions. These trends also drive demand for our other products such as those used in the PCB, FPD, and specialty semiconductor manufacturing, where the increase in technology complexity is expected to continue and further accelerate as more devices become interconnected and dependent on other electronic devices. Our semiconductor customers generally operate in one or both of the major semiconductor device manufacturing markets: memory and foundry/logic. The favorable end market dynamics are driving our customers to make increased investments in our process control and yield management solutions as part of their overall capital investment plans. Our customer base, particularly in the semiconductor industry, has become increasingly concentrated, so large orders from a relatively limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our sales, which potentially exposes us to more earnings volatility. We are organized into four reportable segments: semiconductor process control, specialty semiconductor process, PCB, display and component inspection, and other. A majority of our revenues are derived from outside the United States, and include geographic regions such as Taiwan, China, Korea, Japan, Europe, and Israel, and rest of Asia. Additionally, a significant portion of global FPD and PCB manufacturing has migrated to China. Government initiatives are propelling China to expand its domestic manufacturing capacity and attracting investment from semiconductor manufacturers from Taiwan, Korea, Japan, and the United States. Although China is currently seen as an important long-term growth region for the semiconductor and electronics capital equipment sector, commerce has added certain China-based entities to the U.S. entity list, restricting our ability to provide products and services to such entities without a license. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our R&D. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. The increase in product revenues by 21% in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, compared to the prior year, is primarily attributable to strong demand for many of our products, especially our inspection and metrology portfolios, due to the continued growth in the 5G market and increased demand for high-performance computing and advanced packaging. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. Changes in gross margin percentage from the mix of products and services sold reflect the impact of changes within the composition of product and service offerings, and amortization of inventory fair value adjustments from business combinations. The primary factors impacting the performance of our segment gross margins for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 are summarized as follows: semiconductor process control segment gross margin increased due to a more profitable mix of products and services sold, partially offset by an increase in service and manufacturing costs. The changes in the segment gross margins of the specialty semiconductor process, PCB, display and component inspection, and other segments increased primarily due to a more favorable mix of products and services sold as well as a higher revenue volume of products and services sold.