In operating our business, we seek to grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development, and commercial execution, while leveraging our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins. We describe our business outside North America in two groups - developing and emerging markets ("D&E") and developed markets. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevate our core business, driven by delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities, and expanding our markets, emphasizing personal care with Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa as our priority markets. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders, with cash provided by operations amounting to $2.7 billion in 2021. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. The macro business environment experienced unprecedented volatility in 2021 related to the continuing effect of the global COVID-19 pandemic on supply and demand dynamics. We participate in fixed consumption categories where demand is generally very stable, yet our sales have fluctuated due to COVID-19-related demand spikes, inventory destocking, and consumer usage pattern disruption. The pandemic has significantly disrupted supply chains across the globe, causing challenges in getting input materials into our production facilities and leading to production delays and higher costs. Our results of operations have been, and we expect them to continue to be, affected by competition in a highly competitive global marketplace, where increased purchases of private label products could reduce net sales of our higher-margin products. We manage our operating costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, and pricing actions. We continue to work on programs to expand our profitability, such as our force program. Our strategic growth focus, sustainability initiatives, and continued investment in e-commerce capabilities position us well relative to changing consumer product and shopping preferences. We operate in many regions where our businesses could be disrupted by climate change, with transition risks including increased costs of raw materials and shifts in customer values. We continue to progress toward our 2030 sustainability goals, which include elements that aim for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and the use of natural forest fibers. Our restructuring program initiated in 2018 aimed to reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization, impacting all of our business segments and organizations in major geographies. The restructuring actions were completed in 2021, yielding cumulative annual savings. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations for the foreseeable future.