The Coca-Cola Company is a total beverage company, and our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs, and lifestyles. Our company faces strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies, and we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on-the-go lifestyles, and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. The rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce in many markets have led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping habits and patterns, requiring us to continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to compete in a digital environment and maintain our brand loyalty and market share. Throughout the pandemic, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers have been critical, and we have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. We identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to capture growth, focusing on unlocking the potential of our portfolio of strong global, regional, and scaled local brands, developing a robust innovation pipeline focusing on scalable initiatives, and increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency. In August 2020, we announced strategic steps to transform our organizational structure to better enable us to capture growth in the fast-changing marketplace, transforming into a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention, including the evolving competitive landscape and the need to innovate and adapt to changing consumer preferences. We strive to meet the highest standards in product safety and quality, and we are aware that some consumers have concerns regarding certain ingredients used in our products. We work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. Our ability to achieve environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals is dependent on many factors, including our actions and those of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, and communities. We believe that providing investors with insights into price, product, and geographic mix enhances their understanding of our performance. Our organizational structure consists of various operating segments, and we regularly assess our operating performance metrics, including unit case volume and concentrate sales volume, to evaluate demand for our products. We also monitor our financial ratios and maintain a strong capital position to access key financial markets globally, enabling us to borrow funds at a low effective cost. Our capital allocation priorities include investing wisely to support business operations, enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through disciplined acquisitions, and using excess cash to repurchase shares over time. We expect to continue to see improvements in our business as we adapt to the ever-changing environment, leveraging our IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.