In 2021, we enhanced the customer online shopping experience with improved search and navigation functionality and expanded on-trend inventory assortments. Our disciplined focus on driving operating leverage through our perpetual productivity improvement (PPI) initiatives resulted in operational process improvements that reduced the amount of time our associates spend on tasking activities and can instead focus on serving our customers. As part of these initiatives, we recently launched a new store inventory management system that provides associates real-time visibility to inventory in their store and reduces non-productive hours spent looking for product. We expanded our omnichannel fulfillment capabilities, converting three geographic areas to our market-based delivery model for big and bulky products, allowing product to flow directly to customer homes from our distribution network. Our customers can now track appliance deliveries in real time, and we continue to expand our same-day and next-day fulfillment options. Looking forward, we are focused on further enhancing our omnichannel capabilities in 2022 across three key areas: expanding our online assortment, enhancing the user experience, and improving fulfillment. We will continue to expand our lowes.com assortment to meet our customers' design and lifestyle needs while enhancing the user experience with upgrades to the visualization and configuration tools we offer online. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, improve existing stores, and support expansion plans. Capital expenditures were $1.9 billion in 2021, with a significant portion allocated to technology projects aimed at improving operational efficiency and customer service. We believe these investments are critical for maintaining competitive advantage and supporting long-term growth. Our strategic initiatives are aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance in the near and long term. The integration of technology into our operations has been essential for enhancing our service delivery and operational flexibility, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. The focus on IT capability has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as we mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other capabilities to further organizational goals. We recognize that our IT capabilities, including information management and data analytics, are vital for supporting business needs and enhancing decision-making speed. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access is critical for adapting to changing business needs and directions. As we continue to leverage our technology resources, we aim to optimize our processes and enhance our organizational effectiveness, which is fundamental for achieving superior performance outcomes and maintaining market responsiveness in a rapidly evolving business environment.