Throughout the 2021 fiscal year, there was an increase in wafer fabrication equipment spending by semiconductor manufacturers, driven by the robust secular demand for semiconductors in a number of markets including high-performance computing, personal computers, and 5G networks. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control enabling results on the wafer. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. Our customer support business group focuses attention on delivering solutions that meet our customers' technical requirements and productivity needs during the equipment lifecycle. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, with several ongoing programs relating to sustaining engineering, product and process development, and concept and feasibility; our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base; our collaborative focus with ecosystem partners; and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily related to customer and product mix, partially offset by increased spending on freight and logistics due in significant part to COVID-19 disruptions, start-up expenses for our Malaysia manufacturing facility, and deferred compensation plan-related costs. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing processes. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 was mainly driven by an increase of $137 million in employee-related costs due in part to increased headcount, $49 million in outside service costs, $32 million in deferred compensation plan-related costs, and $27 million in spending for supplies. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Our products and services are designed to help our customers build smaller, faster, and better performing devices that are used in a variety of electronic products. The overall Asia region continued to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing continued to occur in this region. We have a broad portfolio of products that provide complementary processing steps used throughout semiconductor manufacturing. The deferred revenue balance was $1.1 billion as of June 27, 2021, compared to $537 million as of June 28, 2020, driven by increases in volume purchases for our systems, customer down payments for future tool deliveries, and additional deferrals related to tools pending full delivery and future servicing of our existing installed base. We believe that secular demand for semiconductors will continue to drive sustainable growth for our products and services, and that technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration, will lead to an increase in the served addressable market for our products and services in the deposition, etch, and clean businesses. Maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure.