Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. We make payments easier and more efficient by providing a wide range of payment solutions and services using our family of well-known and trusted brands. Our multi-rail payments network provides choice and flexibility for consumers and merchants. Through our unique and proprietary core global payments network, we switch payment transactions and have additional payment capabilities that include automated clearing house transactions. Our value-added services include cyber and intelligence solutions to allow all parties to transact easily and with confidence, as well as services that provide proprietary insights, drawing on our principled use of consumer and merchant data. Our franchise model sets the standards and ground-rules that balance value and risk across all stakeholders and allows for interoperability among them. Our payment solutions are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments ecosystem. The pandemic has affected business activity, adversely impacting consumers, our customers, suppliers, and business partners, as well as our workforce. We continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic and the related impact on our business. Our net revenue increased 23%, or 22% on a currency-neutral basis, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from acquisitions. The remaining increase was primarily due to gross dollar volume growth and cross-border volume growth. Our operating expenses increased 22% in 2021 versus the prior year, with adjusted operating expenses increasing 21%, primarily due to higher personnel costs, increased spending on advertising and marketing, and increased data processing costs. We generated net cash flows from operations of $9.5 billion and completed acquisitions for total consideration of $4.7 billion. Our effective income tax rate was lower than the prior year, primarily due to the recognition of U.S. tax benefits. We rely on existing liquidity, cash generated from operations, and access to capital to fund our global operations, credit and settlement exposure, capital expenditures, and investments in our business. Our liquidity and access to capital could be negatively impacted by global credit market conditions. We guarantee the settlement of many transactions between our customers, and the risk of loss on these guarantees is specific to individual customers, driven by regional or global economic conditions. Our operating results are impacted by currency translation and transactional currency, which represent the effect of converting revenue and expense transactions occurring in a currency other than the functional currency. We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, where the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets based on their respective estimated fair values. The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.