We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, we continue to work with owners and franchisees by adjusting renovation requirements for certain properties, deferring certain hotel initiatives, and supporting owners and franchisees who are working with their lenders to utilize furniture, fixtures, and equipment reserves to meet working capital needs. We continue to evaluate the availability of stimulus tax credits under the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act, the taxpayer certainty and disaster tax relief act of 2020 enacted as part of the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, the American rescue plan act of 2021, and other legislation. Our results in 2021 continued to be impacted by COVID-19. The increase in base management fees primarily reflected higher revenue per available room due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. The increase in franchise fees primarily reflected higher revenue per available room due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19, higher co-brand credit card fees, unit growth, and higher residential branding fees. The increase in incentive management fees primarily reflected higher profits at certain managed hotels due to the ongoing recovery in lodging demand from the impacts of COVID-19. We believe revenue per available room is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. Our corporate general and administrative costs and capital expenditures remain disciplined. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. We expect capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $600 million to $700 million for 2022, including capital and technology expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, and other investing activities. Our ability to raise debt and equity capital necessary to acquire properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. In 2021, we signed management and franchise agreements for properties, reflecting the company's strength in the luxury tier and strong momentum in all-inclusive resort signings. We expect total gross rooms growth to approach 5.0 percent and net rooms growth of 3.5 to 4.0 percent. We continue to assess the situation and may implement additional measures to adapt our operations and plans to address the implications of COVID-19 on our business. The overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of COVID-19 and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict. Our long-term financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. We remain focused on preserving our financial flexibility and managing our debt maturities.