Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section beginning on page 8 of this form 10-K and in the financial statements and supplementary data section beginning on page 37 of this form 10-K. The company is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"). The company therefore files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports may be obtained by visiting the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The company uses this website as a primary channel for disclosing key information to its investors, some of which may contain material and previously non-public information. The company is performing the implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. The company has determined that it is the principal in these arrangements. Accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of income. The company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement because they do not require integration with other goods or services that the company provides. The company has entered into certain derivatives that are not designated for hedge accounting. Therefore, the changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognized immediately in earnings together with the gain or loss from the hedged balance sheet position. The company has also used certain derivatives to mitigate the share price risk related to its sale of stock in McDonald's Japan. The company is the lessee in a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases and through improved leases. The lease right-of-use asset and lease liability reflect the present value of the company's estimated future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes options that are reasonably assured of being exercised, discounted using a collateralized incremental borrowing rate. The company has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components in its lessee portfolio. The company has entered into equity derivative contracts, including total return swaps, to hedge market-driven changes in certain of its supplemental benefit plan liabilities. The company also uses foreign currency forwards to mitigate the change in fair value of certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. The company has a share-based compensation plan, which authorizes the granting of various equity-based incentives including stock options and restricted stock units ("RSUs") to employees and nonemployee directors. The company maintains effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. The company has accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries, which were predominantly taxed in the U.S. as a result of the transition tax provisions enacted under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The company has entered into derivative contracts to hedge market-driven changes in certain of the liabilities. The company records interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. The company assesses the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. The company has concluded that consolidation of any such entity is not appropriate for the periods presented. The company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. The company evaluates its business relationships such as those with franchisees, joint venture partners, developmental licensees, suppliers and advertising cooperatives to identify potential variable interest entities. The company has performed audit procedures that included evaluating the technical merits of the company's positions and testing the measurement of unrecognized tax benefits and liabilities resulting from regulatory actions related to transfer pricing.