We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to monitor volatility in global consumer, commodity, transportation, labor, currency, and capital markets that may continue until the COVID-19 pandemic or related issues are largely resolved. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation, and high standards of product quality. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our overall outlook for future snacks revenue growth remains strong, but as the pandemic continues, we anticipate increased volatility in revenues until COVID-related risks and current international supply chain issues and labor and transportation constraints subside and snacks consumption stabilizes to a more normal growth level. We have taken a number of actions to promote the health and safety of our employees, customers, and consumers, which is our first priority. We implemented enhanced protocols to provide a safe and sanitary working environment for our employees. We have worked with governments and healthcare providers to help provide access to vaccines for our frontline and office employees when and where possible at a local level. We continue to track new developments and ongoing impacts from the pandemic. Our supply chain and operations are part of the global food supply chain. One of our main objectives during the pandemic is to maintain the availability of our products to meet the needs of our consumers. We continue to source raw ingredients, packaging, energy, and transportation and deliver our products to our customers. External factors, including the pandemic, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions, and transportation and labor shortages, have impacted and are expected to continue to impact our operating costs. We continue to monitor these costs and our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases. We also may not be able to adjust pricing timely or fully, and this may negatively affect our revenue, margins, or earnings. We continue to evaluate the realizability of our assets and indicators of potential impairment. We reviewed our receivables, inventory, right-of-use lease assets, long-lived assets, equity method and other long-term investments, deferred tax assets, goodwill, and intangible assets. We also continue to maintain oversight over our core process controls through our centralized shared service model, with key controls operating as designed. We expect to continue to utilize the commercial paper markets in the United States and Europe for flexible, low-cost, short-term financing. We have issued additional long-term debt several times since the beginning of 2020 due to favorable market conditions and opportunities to shift a portion of our funding mix from short-term debt to long-term debt at a low cost.