3M manages its operations in four operating business segments: safety and industrial; transportation and electronics; health care; and consumer. The company continued the ongoing deployment of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system on a worldwide basis, with these investments impacting cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development. 3M's operating income margins decreased 1.5 percentage points year-on-year for the year ending December 31, 2021, with various COVID-19 implications contributing in part to these results. Overall, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on 3M's consolidated results of operations was primarily driven by factors related to changes in demand for products and disruption in global supply chains. 3M experienced broad-based organic growth across business segments and all geographies in 2021 despite global supply challenges. The company believes that discussion of results adjusted for special items is meaningful to investors as it provides a useful analysis of ongoing underlying operating trends. 3M continued prioritization of investments in growth and sustainability, including research and development aimed at disruptive innovation programs with the potential to create entirely new markets and disrupt existing markets. The company also utilizes a number of tools to manage currency risk related to earnings, including natural hedges such as pricing, productivity, and localizing sources of supply. 3M's hedging approach is designed to mitigate a portion of foreign currency risk and reduce volatility, ultimately allowing time for 3M's businesses to respond to changes in the marketplace. The company recorded a pre-tax gain related to the sale of its drug delivery business and continued to invest in its key initiatives, including research and development aimed at disruptive innovation programs. The effective tax rates for 2021, 2020, and 2019 were 17.8 percent, 19.7 percent, and 19.7 percent, respectively, reflecting a decrease of 1.9 percentage points from 2020 to 2021. The primary factors that decreased the company's effective tax rate in 2021 were geographical income mix and favorable adjustments related to impacts of U.S. international tax provisions. 3M's total sales increased 9.9% for the full year 2021 when compared to 2020, with organic sales increasing 8.8% for the same period. The company experienced strong sales in personal safety, home improvement, general cleaning, semiconductor, data center, and biopharma filtration while addressing structural enterprise costs and operations in certain end markets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 3M's operating income margins were impacted by increased raw materials and logistics costs from ongoing COVID-19 related global supply chain challenges, further magnified by extreme weather events. The company also made significant investments in growth, productivity, and sustainability, with a focus on enhancing its organizational capabilities and operational efficiency. 3M's management continues to adapt its strategies in response to market dynamics and external influences, leveraging its IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance performance outcomes.