We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. This includes exploring joint venture opportunities and strategic alliances within the renewable fuels value chain. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, driving operational improvements, and being disciplined in capital allocation. We look to optimize our portfolio of investment opportunities to ensure efficient deployment of capital focusing on projects with the highest returns. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social, and governance dimensions of our business, which means strengthening resiliency by lowering carbon intensity and conserving natural resources; innovating for the future by investing in renewables and emerging technologies; and embedding sustainability in decision-making and in how we engage our people and many stakeholders. Our results for the year reflect the favorable effects from these cost reduction actions. The martinez facility conversion from refining petroleum to manufacturing renewable fuels signals our strong commitment to producing a substantial level of lower carbon-intensity fuels in California. The facility is expected to be capable of producing approximately 730 million gallons per year by the end of 2023. Our capital investment plan for 2022 totals approximately $1.7 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding capitalized interest, potential acquisitions, and mplx's capital investment plan. The 2022 capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for refining & marketing and corporate as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for midstream. Major capital projects completed over the last three years have focused on refinery optimization, production of higher value products, increased capacity to upgrade residual fuel oil, and expanded export capacity. We also focused on projects such as the martinez facility conversion and projects expected to reduce future operating costs. Our corporate expenses include expenses related to an information systems integration project. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. The growth capital plan is directed towards logistics projects in support of mpc's martinez renewable fuels project, projects in the permian and bakken basins, and investments in the permian basin supporting the bangl and whistler pipelines. These long-haul ngl and natural gas logistics systems transport product to the U.S. Gulf Coast. The remaining midstream segment's forecasted 2022 capital spend, excluding mplx, is approximately $10 million, which primarily relates to investments in equity affiliates. We may utilize various methods to effect share repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, tender offers, and accelerated share repurchases. The timing and amount of future repurchases will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Our liquidity, excluding mplx, totaled $15.83 billion at December 31, 2021, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. We believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund our current operations and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, share repurchase, dividend payments, and repayment of debt maturities.