The cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, cloud service, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or enhanced technologies and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support directly associated with these activities. General and administrative expenses increased 29.0% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, reflecting increases in non-compensation costs, primarily relating to impairment charges associated with right of use assets, non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of RCA and higher information technology costs and professional fees. The change was also driven by higher compensation and benefits costs, primarily relating to higher wages and salaries and incentive compensation. The increase in compensation and benefits costs was primarily driven by headcount growth and higher incentive compensation. Non-compensation expenses increased 25.5% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily driven by higher information technology costs, professional fees, impairment charges associated with right of use assets, non-recurring transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of RCA and market data costs. The increase in total operating expenses reflects higher compensation expenses to support growth across all expense activity categories. The retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our future operating revenues over time. Our growth strategy includes enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth. The company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and on an interim basis when certain events and circumstances exist, which requires significant management judgment including in estimating forecasted future cash flows and determining both discount rates and terminal growth rates. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on operating revenues from asset-based fees was negligible. The increase in asset-based fees operating revenues was also driven by revenues from non-ETF indexed funds linked to MSCI indexes which increased by 39.4%, primarily driven by an increase in average AUM. The run rate from index recurring subscriptions increased 12.3%, primarily driven by growth from market cap-weighted index products and strong growth from factor, ESG and climate index products and reflected growth across all regions and client segments. The run rate from analytics products increased 5.4%, primarily driven by growth in both multi-asset class and equity analytics products. The run rate from ESG and climate products increased 44.3%, driven by growth in all products, primarily driven by growth in ratings, climate and screening products.