Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. We strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. At Microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. Our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. In fiscal year 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our business operations and financial results. Cloud usage and demand benefited as customers accelerate their digital transformation priorities. We saw improvement in customer advertising spend and savings in operating expenses related to COVID-19, but experienced weakness in transactional licensing. The COVID-19 pandemic may continue to impact our business operations and financial operating results, and there is uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. Our commercial business primarily consists of server products and cloud services, office commercial, windows commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, enterprise services, and dynamics. Our commercial metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business. Revenue from our commercial cloud business, which includes Azure, Office 365 commercial, the commercial portion of LinkedIn, Dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties, is a key indicator of our IT capability. We report our financial performance based on segments that reflect our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. Our research and development expenses increased driven by investments in cloud engineering. We will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. We expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.