We rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of the information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption or other operational difficulties. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. While we have experienced cybersecurity events that have had minimal impact, future events may result in more significant impacts to business operations. These potentially impactful events could include unauthorized access to our systems, viruses, ransomware, and/or compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. If we do not have sufficient capital to develop, acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. Deterioration in the supply chain or operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. Our compliance with vaccine mandates could lead to employee absences, resignations, labor disputes or work stoppages. The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the economy and continues to generate economic uncertainty. Future pandemics, epidemics or endemic diseases may cause similar consequences. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. We are monitoring and reacting to the evolving nature of the pandemic, governmental responses, and their impacts on our business, including employee availability. Our operations are subject to regulatory and legislative risks that could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. We must offer to transport hazardous materials, regardless of risk. Transportation of certain hazardous materials could create catastrophic losses in terms of personal injury and property damage and compromise critical parts of our rail network.