Management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance, which include various volume and rate statistics that are relevant for the respective segment. These operating metrics allow investors to analyze the various components of segment financial results in terms of volumes and rate/price. Our natural gas gathering and processing segment has invested in growth projects in ngl-rich areas in the Williston Basin, which reflects our focus on operational efficiency and resource allocation. We evaluate segment operating results using adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure of our financial performance, and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Our growth strategy is focused around connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. We believe that our ability to efficiently reduce the carbon intensity of our operations, including through the use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices, and system optimizations, is critical for our business transformation and competitive advantage. The impact of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including those related to cybersecurity, climate change initiatives, and emissions credits, can significantly influence our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually, which involves evaluating macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and overall financial performance. The pace of technological advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, is essential for our ability to take advantage of market opportunities and maintain our competitive positioning. Our ability to control operating costs and make cost-saving changes is influenced by the efficiency of our plants in processing natural gas and extracting and fractionating NGLs. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations, which helps achieve more predictable cash flows. Our operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities and changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which are influenced by commodity prices, supply, demand, and the operation of our assets. The results of governmental actions, administrative proceedings, and litigation can impact our operational capabilities and market responsiveness. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, quarterly cash dividends, capital expenditures, and maturities of long-term debt. Our centralized cash management program provides financial flexibility and lowers the cost of borrowing, transaction costs, and bank fees, which enhances our operational efficiency. The ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes in our state and FERC-regulated rates is crucial for maintaining our financial performance. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows and short- and long-term debt, reflecting our commitment to strategic resource deployment and investment in technology infrastructure.