In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. Our sales and total gross profit dollars are generally highest for the "best" quality category of products, reflecting consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum, which is a driver of enhanced sales and profitability in our industry. The strength of our distribution network and our strong supplier relationships allowed us to maintain better in-stock inventory positions than the broader market and contributed to our sales growth. The increase in average ticket values continues to benefit from consumers spending additional time and money repairing and maintaining their vehicles in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the economic environment, and the new and used vehicle scarcity. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core values of hard work and excellent customer service. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain our existing stores, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We cannot predict decreased demand for our products, changes in customer buying patterns, or the impact of the uncertainty and disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases, human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits, contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations, capital expenditures, payment of income taxes, and other operational priorities. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a larger decrease in net inventory investment, partially offset by a decrease in accrued benefits and withholdings. We opened 165 net new U.S. stores and three new stores in Mexico during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to opening 155 net new U.S. stores and one new store in Mexico during the year ended December 31, 2020. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2021, was driven by increases in average ticket and transaction counts for both professional service provider and DIY customers. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021, was due to a benefit from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases, partially offset by increased distribution costs. Our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we had effectively valued our inventory at replacement cost, resulting in a benefit when selling prices increase as we sold through this lower cost inventory.