PG&E Corporation and the utility have implemented operational changes and investments that reduce wildfire risk, including the EPSs, PSPS, vegetation management, asset inspection, and system hardening programs. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by uncertainties in connection with future wildfires, wildfire insurance, and AB 1054, which is likely to affect the financial impact of future wildfires. The utility is subject to a number of legal and regulatory requirements related to its wildfire mitigation efforts, which require periodic inspections of electric assets and ongoing reporting related to this work. The success of the utility's wildfire mitigation efforts depends on many factors, including whether the utility is able to retain or contract for the workforce necessary to execute its wildfire mitigation actions. The utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, make scheduled principal and interest payments, and make distributions to PG&E Corporation depends on the levels of its operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. The utility's capital structure, the aggregate amount of long-term and short-term debt that the utility may issue, and the revenue requirements the utility is able to collect to recover its cost of capital are authorized by the CPUC. The utility generally utilizes retained earnings, equity contributions from PG&E Corporation, and long-term debt issuances to maintain its CPUC-authorized long-term capital structure. The utility's credit ratings may be affected by the ultimate outcome of pending enforcement and litigation matters, and credit rating downgrades may impact the cost and availability of short-term borrowings, including credit facilities, and long-term debt costs. The utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. The utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. The utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes and not for speculative purposes. The utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. The utility has recorded a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses. The utility's wildfire-related accruals have changed in the past as new facts and information became available, including the availability of new evidence and additional information about the scope and nature of damages. The utility records a receivable for a recovery when it is deemed probable that recovery of a recorded loss will occur and they can reasonably estimate the amount or its range. The utility assesses the wildfire fund asset for acceleration of the amortization of the asset in the event that a participating utility's electrical equipment is found to be the substantial cause of a catastrophic wildfire. The utility's operations are also subject to various laws and regulations, and in the normal course of business, are named as parties in a number of claims and lawsuits. The utility evaluates the range of reasonably estimated losses and records a provision based on the lower end of the range, unless an amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events.