Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. To meet the challenges of today - and those of tomorrow - we are driven by an approach called PepsiCo Positive (pep+). Pep+ is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability at the center of how the company will strive to create growth and value by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for the planet and people. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The 2019 productivity plan will leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplify our organization and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We have developed and implemented and continue to develop and implement health and safety protocols, business continuity plans and crisis management protocols in an effort to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 to our employees and our business. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks and that those risks may evolve over time. We leverage an integrated risk management framework, which includes oversight responsibility for PepsiCo's integrated risk management framework. The board receives updates on key risks throughout the year, including risks related to food safety and cybersecurity. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions, and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Our hedging strategies include the use of derivatives and, in the case of our net investment hedges, debt instruments. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. We are subject to commodity price risk because our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited in the competitive environment in which we operate. This risk is managed through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, which primarily include swaps and futures. We also use derivatives, with terms of no more than three years, to hedge price fluctuations related to a portion of our anticipated commodity purchases, primarily for agricultural products, energy and metals. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions.