We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients' lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the therapies that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines. Our business development activity is viewed as an enabler of our strategies and seeks to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our business strategy. We are transforming our commercial go-to market model in the way we engage patients and physicians. Our response to COVID-19 has involved significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing, and we have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information. We are also taking a hybrid approach of virtual and in-person engagements and saw customer response to both approaches. Our business and operations have been impacted by the pandemic in various ways, including the need for operational flexibility and the use of digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D and corporate enabling functions globally. We continue to monitor and implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact, including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible. Our clinical trials progressed through innovation, such as decentralized visits (e.g., telemedicine and home visits) to accommodate participants' ability to maintain scheduled visits. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The commercial potential of in-line products may be negatively impacted by post-marketing developments, and we continue to monitor safety data and report safety information to regulatory authorities. Our significant recent business development activities include the acquisition of Arena and collaboration with Biohaven, which are expected to enhance our capabilities and market positioning. We believe that our IT capabilities, which have evolved to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes, are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force.