We are a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke-free future and evolving our portfolio for the long-term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Since 2008, we have invested more than $9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, in February 2021, we announced our ambition to expand into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver innovative products and solutions that aim to address unmet patient and consumer needs. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). We use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. During 2021, PMI acquired several companies, including vectura group plc, an inhaled therapeutics company, and fertin pharma a/s, a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative pharmaceutical and well-being products. These acquisitions provide essential capabilities for future product development. The current global semiconductor shortage has resulted in a tightness in iqos device supply in the second half of 2021. We expect an improving iqos device supply situation, with a gradual return to an unconstrained iqos user quarterly growth progression. The ITC decision regarding iqos platform 1 products has no bearing outside the U.S.; competitor lawsuits based on the same patent families have repeatedly and universally failed in European courts and the European Patent Office. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. This net revenue growth reflects the continued strength of iqos, and the recovery of the combustible business in many markets from the low base in 2020 due to the impact of COVID-19. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to favorable volume/mix, lower manufacturing costs, and favorable pricing across various segments. The acquisitions during 2021 enhance our capabilities in the wellness and healthcare sectors, aligning with our strategic direction to innovate and transform our product offerings. Our firm capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.