We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and needs. Our strategic priorities are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our capital and liquidity priorities are to support customers, fund business investments, and return excess capital to shareholders, while maintaining appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the Basel III framework, and other regulatory expectations. The integration of BBVA's businesses into PNC and PNC Bank is a key factor affecting our financial performance. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is crucial. We are focused on effectively managing capital and liquidity, including maintaining and growing our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source. Execution of our strategic priorities and management of credit risk in our portfolio are essential to our success. Our financial performance is also substantially affected by external factors outside of our control, including global and domestic economic conditions, actions by the Federal Reserve, and changes in the competitive landscape. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. The retail banking strategy is to help all of our consumer and small business customers move financially forward, leveraging technology to make banking easier for our customers. We are focused on consistently engaging both our employees and customers, which is a strong driver of customer growth, retention, and relationship expansion. Our national expansion strategy is designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and a thin branch network as we expand into new markets. We continue to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. Our approach to risk management is embedded in our culture and decision-making processes, allowing us to identify, assess, manage, and report risks effectively. We have established a risk governance framework that aligns with regulatory standards and supports our strategic objectives. Our operational risk management framework is designed to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. Our information security program is responsible for protecting information assets to achieve business objectives, which includes cyber security. We have established a cross-functional governance structure to oversee the overall strategy for the transition from LIBOR and mitigate associated risks. Our ability to manage liquidity risk is essential to ensure we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations.