In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors and execute on our climate initiatives and long-term sustainability strategies, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to enhance the energy efficiency of our properties and upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. The increase in centralized management costs in 2021 was due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. We expect increases in centralized management costs in 2022 due to continued investment in our technology and data platforms that support our property operations. Our strong financial profile continues to enable effective access to capital markets in order to support our growth. We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. We have made investments in energy-saving technology such as solar power and LED lights, which generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. Our centralized management costs represent administrative and cash compensation expenses for shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations, including information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, repairs and maintenance, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. The cash requirements from these operating costs will vary year to year based on, among other things, changes in the size of our portfolio and changes in property tax rates and assessed values, wage rates, and marketing costs in our markets. We expect continued revenue growth in 2022 supported by consistently high customer demand and a stable tenant base that will enable us to continue to raise rates to our existing tenants while maintaining a high level of occupancy. Our growth in revenues, weighted average square foot occupancy, realized annual rent per occupied square foot, and revenue per available foot for 2021 as compared to 2020 was evident in substantially all of our markets including each of our top 15 markets. The increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot in 2021 as compared to 2020 was due to a year-over-year increase in average rates per square foot charged to new tenants moving in as a result of strong customer demand across all markets, combined with rate increases to existing tenants in 2021 as compared to the curtailed increases in 2020. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.