The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. We endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. Our services include design, engineering, procurement, new construction, upgrade and repair and maintenance services for infrastructure within each of the industries we serve. We believe there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Utilities are continuing to invest significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, demand for our services. To accommodate growth, we expect continued demand for new or expanded transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure to reliably transport power to meet demand driven by electrification and the modification and reengineering of existing infrastructure. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, utilities are also integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies. Our communications service offerings are driven by consumer and commercial demand for communication and data-intensive, high-bandwidth wireline and wireless services and applications, which is driving significant investment in infrastructure and the deployment of new technologies. We believe the transition to a carbon-neutral economy will require sizeable long-term investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure, including meaningful repowering and modernization of existing assets. We believe increased battery storage can support increased renewable energy development by providing shorter-term storage of electricity from renewable energy generation. Our focus on increasing underground utility and infrastructure solutions related to specialty services and industries is driven by regulated utility spending, regulation, replacement and rehabilitation of aging infrastructure and safety and environmental initiatives. We believe focusing on these services helps to offset the seasonality and cyclicality of our larger pipeline project business. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and in recent years our margins have been impacted by regulatory and permitting delays, as well as private legal challenges related to regulatory requirements. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We continue to monitor our labor markets and expect labor costs to increase based on increased demand for our services. Our capital deployment priorities that require the use of cash include working capital to fund ongoing operating needs, capital expenditures to meet anticipated demand for our services, acquisitions and investments to facilitate long-term growth, and return of capital to stockholders. Our future cash flows from operating activities, cash and cash equivalents on hand, existing borrowing capacity under our senior credit facility and ability to access capital markets for additional capital will provide sufficient funds to enable us to meet our cash requirements. We expect capital expenditures for the year to be approximately $400 million. We also expect to continue to allocate significant capital to strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as to pay dividends and to repurchase our outstanding common stock.