Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our research and development activities outside our collaborations, the costs of which are not reimbursed, are expected to expand and require additional resources. We also expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of our marketed products. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations are critical to our financial performance. We have entered into various collaborative arrangements to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize products and/or product candidates. Our collaboration agreements may require us to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. We recognize amounts initially deferred over time typically using an input method on the basis of our research and development costs incurred relative to the total expected cost which determines the extent of our progress toward completion. The lengthy process of seeking FDA and other applicable approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and other expenses. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, and Libtayo. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on, among other things, the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. We expect that expenses related to the filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of patents and other intellectual property will be substantial. Under our collaboration with Bayer for Eylea outside the United States and our antibody and IO collaborations with Sanofi, we and our collaborator share profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products. If the applicable collaboration is profitable, we have contingent contractual obligations to reimburse Bayer and Sanofi for a defined percentage of agreed-upon development expenses funded by Bayer and Sanofi. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the credit facility, funds generated by anticipated product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future. The agreements governing the lease financing contain financial and operating covenants. We were in compliance with all such covenants as of December 31, 2021. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates and the timing thereof and the extent and cost of our research and development programs. The critical accounting estimates that impact our consolidated financial statements are described below. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements.