We are a diversified technology company that designs and develops software and engineered products and solutions for various niche end markets. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses that offer high value-added software, services, engineered products, and solutions capable of achieving growth and maintaining high margins. We compete in many niche markets and believe we are the market leader or a competitive alternative to the market leader in most of these markets. Our management discusses areas requiring significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors, which has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management, and we believe the positions we have taken regarding uncertainties are reasonable. Our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in areas such as revenue recognition and valuation of intangible assets. The assumptions that have the most significant effect on the fair value calculations include projected revenue growth rates and future operating margins. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management, and changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. We recognize that our IT capabilities, broadly defined, represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, and management skills to further organizational goals. Our IT capability has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our businesses generate positive cash flows from operating activities, which permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. We anticipate that our businesses will continue to generate positive cash flows, and these cash flows will support our operational flexibility and investment decisions. The growth of cash provided by operating activities in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to higher net income net of non-cash expenses. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. Our corporate expenses increased due primarily to higher compensation-related expenses, partially offset by lower acquisition-related expenses. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. The strategic action to merge certain businesses has resulted in impairment of intangible assets, and we recognize that negative industry or economic trends may have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units. Our effective income tax rate was affected by various factors, including changes in tax laws and regulations. The assessment of fair value calculations requires significant judgments, and we continuously evaluate our operational capabilities and strategic management practices to enhance our competitive positioning in the market.