In 2020 and 2021, we incurred restructuring charges related to the redesign of certain back-office software systems, which continued into 2021. Our acquisition growth strategy focuses primarily on acquiring privately held recycling and solid waste companies and environmental solutions businesses that complement our existing business platform. We expect to invest at least $500 million in acquisitions in 2022, which aligns with our commitment to advancing technology to drive operational excellence. We have experienced an increase in certain costs of doing business as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products and increased facility and equipment cleaning, which are intended to assist in protecting the safety of our frontline employees. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improving return on invested capital, while partnering with customers to create a more sustainable world. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We are committed to maintaining an efficient capital structure, preserving our investment-grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months. We expect to spend approximately $1.3 billion on capital expenditures in 2022, primarily to allow for growth of our service offerings, which includes investments in technology infrastructure and operational capabilities. We recorded a net loss on business divestitures and impairments of $0.5 million during 2021, which was due to business divestitures in certain markets. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water, and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. We have future obligations for final capping, closure, and post-closure costs with respect to the landfills we own or operate, which are subject to regulatory requirements. Our ability to obtain financing through the capital markets is a key component of our financial strategy, and we have managed risk associated with executing this strategy, particularly as it relates to fluctuations in interest rates.