We are leveraging the Raytheon merger to undertake various strategic initiatives to transform the company and increase our existing focus on operational excellence. These initiatives include significant investments in digital technologies across our business to enhance our products and services. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our business mix reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business primarily at Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RIS), and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture or modify complex equipment. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. We believe that total net sales and operating profit (loss) are most relevant to an understanding of management's view of our segment performance. Our research and development spending is subject to the variable nature of program development schedules. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital. Our total backlog was approximately $156 billion as of December 31, 2021, which represents the aggregate dollar value of firm orders for which products have not been provided or service has not been performed. The increase in operating profit of $1.1 billion and the related increase in operating profit margins were primarily due to the change in acquisitions/divestitures, net of $399 million, primarily due to the Raytheon merger. The increase in operating profit margins was also driven by a change in mix and other performance. We recognize revenue on an over-time basis for substantially all defense contracts and certain long-term aerospace aftermarket contracts, measuring progress toward completion on a percentage of completion basis. The estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables, and requires significant judgment by management on a contract-by-contract basis. We regularly assess capitalized contract fulfillment costs for impairment. The company has significant contracts with the U.S. government, which are subject to government oversight and audit, requiring significant adjustment of contract prices. We accrue for liabilities associated with these matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our operations are affected by industrial, economic, and political factors on both a regional and global level. The impact of potential sanctions or other actions by foreign governments could potentially disrupt our business operations. The company does not intend to reinvest certain undistributed earnings of its international subsidiaries that have been previously taxed in the U.S. We have a strong focus on program execution and the prudent management of capital and investments in order to maximize operating income and cash. Our expectations regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing recovery and their potential financial impact are based on available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable at this time; however, the actual financial impact is highly uncertain and subject to a wide range of factors and future developments.