We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Platts, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We aim to respond to evolving customer needs and drive innovation leveraging our data, technology, and deep industry expertise by developing a digital ecosystem strategy with collaboration across customers, vendors, and technology partners. We are enhancing the tools and processes our people use to better service our customers, expand intelligence and analytics capabilities, support data-driven decisions, and improve end-user productivity. Our commitment to risk management, control, and compliance is essential in strengthening engagement and partnership across the company. The integration of technology capabilities is critical as we advance our technical capabilities, data transformation, and build the next generation of products and services using the combined entity's data, technology, and expertise. We are focused on developing key product offerings in ESG and launched new social and sustainability products. Our technology investments include the expansion and improvements in cloud infrastructure, as well as enhancements to the delivery and value add of the ratings content to customers. The market intelligence segment is designed to help investment professionals, government agencies, corporations, and universities track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuations, and assess credit risk. We continue to focus on developing key product offerings in growth areas such as ESG and growing new products and product features leveraging technology investments. The indices segment derives revenue from asset-linked fees when investors direct funds into its proprietary designed or owned indexes, sales usage-based royalties of its indices, and data subscription arrangements. We have entered into a strategic alliance to transition S&P Global Market Intelligence's investor relations web hosting business to a third-party provider, integrating proprietary data into their portfolio of solutions. Our technology-related impairment charges and employee severance charges reflect the ongoing adjustments in our operational strategies. We are committed to maintaining an effective analytical workforce with targeted hiring and a competitive compensation structure. Our operational flexibility is supported by disciplined organic, inorganic, and partnership strategies, which are essential for achieving our strategic priorities. The anticipated merger with IHS Markit is expected to enhance our capabilities and market positioning, allowing us to leverage combined resources and expertise to drive innovation and improve customer value. This merger will also facilitate the integration of our technology infrastructure and enhance our operational efficiency across all segments.