In 2018, we set out to simplify Sempra's business model and sharpen our focus on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Our operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy. We invested $5.6 billion in capital expenditures and investments in the fourth quarter of 2021, forming Sempra Infrastructure, which develops, builds, operates, and invests in energy infrastructure. The increase in earnings in 2021 was primarily due to higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG joint venture, which achieved full commercial operations, and higher earnings from asset and supply optimization driven by changes in natural gas prices and higher volumes. Our discussions include significant changes in revenues, costs, and earnings, and the impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on our results of operations. The increase in earnings of 18% in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG joint venture, higher earnings from asset and supply optimization, and favorable tax impacts from converting SI Partners from a corporation to a partnership. We also expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $6.2 billion in 2022, primarily for transmission and distribution improvements, and construction of the ECA LNG Phase 1 liquefaction export project. Our capital expenditures are subject to approvals by regulatory bodies and may vary based on changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, and customer growth. Sempra Infrastructure expects to require additional funding for the development and expansion of its portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of funding from the parent and minority interest owners, bank financing, issuances of debt, and partnering in joint ventures. The development of the potential Cameron LNG Phase 2 project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including securing binding customer commitments and obtaining necessary permits and regulatory approvals. Our ability to finance our capital expenditures will depend on maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure. We continuously assess our construction, investment, and financing programs in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, and business opportunities. The weighted-average rate base reflects significant capital investments made in transmission and distribution safety and reliability, and we expect this to continue to increase based on our expected capital investments. Our operations are impacted by various legal, regulatory, and environmental matters, including the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. We monitor the impacts of these factors on cash flows and results of operations, including potential modifications to our financing plans. The regulatory accounting principles applied to our contracts generally mitigate the impacts of derivatives accounting on our results of operations. We accrue losses for estimated impacts of various conditions involving uncertain outcomes, and we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims and environmental remediation. Changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position may affect our ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on investments.