The covid-19 pandemic has continued to cause a significant adverse impact on our net sales, net income, and EBITDA as defined when compared to pre-pandemic levels. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. Our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. We believe we have been consistently successful in communicating to our customers the value of our products. This has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. The company is continuing to strategically manage its cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related uncertainty of the duration and impact of the pandemic on the company's business in fiscal 2022 and beyond. The company expects to meet its current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. The company continues to monitor for any indicators of impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. The company believes its cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable it to make strategic business acquisitions, pay dividends to shareholders, and make opportunistic investments in its own stock. The company has historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. The company expects to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. The company believes that the niche nature of its markets, the industry's stringent regulatory and certification requirements, and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create potential disincentives to competition for certain products. The company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings, and collection efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic.