We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. During 2021, we expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding permanent storage capacity in more than 200 high-volume stores, adding thousands of new items to the list available for order pickup and drive up, and doubling the number of drive up parking stalls compared with last year. Over 50 percent of our digital sales were fulfilled by our same-day fulfillment options: order pickup, drive up, and delivery via Shipt. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We have invested significantly in our team, including recognition bonuses and the launch of a new debt-free education assistance program. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures in 2022 to support remodels, new stores, and supply chain projects, which will add replenishment capacity and modernize our network, including the use of sortation centers to enhance our last-mile delivery capabilities. Our strategic initiatives include optimizing front-end space in high-volume locations to increase the efficiency of our same-day services. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using our Target-branded credit cards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for Target. Our gross margin rate was 28.3 percent in 2021, reflecting the net impact of supply chain pressure related to increased compensation and headcount in our distribution centers, partially offset by the small net benefit of a higher percentage of digital sales fulfilled through our lower-cost same-day fulfillment options. We recognize that our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our management believes that adjusted diluted earnings per share is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations, and we report after-tax return on invested capital from continuing operations because we believe it provides a meaningful measure of our capital-allocation effectiveness over time.