The merger has altered the size and scope of our operations, impacting our assets, liabilities, obligations, capital requirements, and performance measures. We expect the trends and results of operations of the combined company to be materially different than those of the standalone entities. As a combined company, we have been able to enhance the breadth and depth of our nationwide 5G network, accelerate innovation, increase competition in the U.S. wireless and broadband industries, and achieve significant synergies and cost reductions by eliminating redundancies within the combined network as well as other business processes and operations. Integration costs to achieve efficiencies in network, retail, information technology, and back office operations are part of the merger-related costs. We have also created a cyber transformation office reporting directly to our chief executive officer that will be responsible for managing our efforts to enhance security across our platforms. We have entered into long-term partnerships with industry-leading cybersecurity experts as part of our efforts to ensure that the company has cybersecurity practices that are among the best in our industry. Our investigation into the cyberattack uncovered that the perpetrator illegally gained access to certain areas of our systems, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack, provide additional customer support, and enhance customer protection. The pandemic has resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected businesses, economies, and financial markets worldwide, impacting our business, including the demand for our products and services. As a critical communications infrastructure provider, our focus has been on providing crucial connectivity to our customers and impacted communities while ensuring the safety and well-being of our employees. We expect to incur total merger-related costs to complete our remaining integration and restructuring activities, which are expected to occur over the next two years. We are evaluating additional restructuring initiatives dependent on consultations and negotiations with certain counterparties, which could affect the amount or timing of the restructuring costs and related payments. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses, the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure, and the integration of the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of T-Mobile and Sprint. We expect cash purchases of property and equipment to range from $13.0 billion to $13.5 billion in 2022. We regularly review and update our projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, and the competitive landscape. The valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. We believe that short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value. We have incurred, and will incur, substantial expenses to comply with government commitments and are expected to incur substantial restructuring expenses in connection with integrating and coordinating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures.