Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The company has focused on enhancing the strategic management of its catastrophe exposure, adding experts in data science, meteorology, geophysics, and environmental engineering to its catastrophe management organization. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company discusses how changing climate conditions may present issues for its business, including increasingly unpredictable and severe weather conditions that could result in increased frequency and severity of claims under policies issued by the company. The company's investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations; accordingly, the portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders. The company has established dedicated teams for each catastrophe peril, with the goal of developing industry-leading scientific and underwriting expertise. The company has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company expects that retention levels will remain strong by historical standards and that property and casualty insurance market conditions will remain competitive. The company's liquidity requirements can be impacted by the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries. The company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company's actuaries are regularly monitoring developments within the profession for advances in existing techniques or the creation of new techniques that might improve current and future estimates. The company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for its various businesses. The company has experienced significant amounts of net favorable prior year reserve development driven by better than expected loss experience. The company utilizes various report year development methods for the construction defect components of its product line and relies on the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method for more recent accident periods. The company has seen a higher level of bodily injury severity than it had anticipated, which has impacted its reserves. The company's change in reserve estimates is driven by observed events during the year, and it believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for its product lines. The company has a comprehensive approach to managing its claims and claim adjustment expenses, which includes ongoing reviews and adjustments based on new data and trends.