We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We are continuing to manage the impact of COVID-19, which is discussed above. Our strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and, in particular, calls for a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of reducing the cycle time associated with renting our equipment to customers, improving invoice accuracy and service quality, reducing the elapsed time for equipment pickup and delivery, and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. The continued expansion of our specialty footprint, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, and the cross-selling of these services throughout our network, will further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We believe that our response plan helped mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our results. Our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and we expect a continuation of the market recovery experienced in 2021. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. Our size also gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. Our revenues are derived from various sources, including equipment rentals, sales of rental equipment, sales of new equipment, contractor supplies sales, and service and other revenues. We have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We believe that the expansion of our specialty business, as exhibited by our acquisition of General Finance, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. Our digital capabilities allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service, enhancing our operational efficiency and customer relationships.