We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases with a focus on specialty markets. Our strategy involves continuing to develop and obtain approval and reimbursement for treatment regimens that will provide benefits to all people with cystic fibrosis and increasing the number of people with cystic fibrosis eligible and able to receive our medicines. We are actively pursuing a pipeline of product candidates for the treatment of serious diseases outside of cystic fibrosis. Our approach includes advancing multiple compounds from each program, spanning multiple modalities, into early clinical trials and evaluating patient data to inform discovery and development of additional compounds, with the goal of bringing first-in-class and best-in-class therapies to patients, and to provide durable clinical and commercial success. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We acquire technologies and programs and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations, as needed, to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials and to manufacture and distribute our product candidates for clinical trials. The processes for cell and genetic therapies can be more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise. We are focused on ensuring the stability of the supply chains for our current products, as well as for our pipeline programs. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations, in the U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our cystic fibrosis medicines and, ultimately, pipeline therapies in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business, including in our clinical trials, manufacturing facilities and capabilities, and ability to access necessary resources. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our product development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect our development expenses to continue to increase as a result of our diversifying pipeline. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates and expenses related to certain technologies that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases.