We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The addition of Sequent complements the geographic footprint of our core pipeline transportation and storage business, enhances our gas marketing capabilities, and expands the suite of services we provide to our existing midstream customers. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of safe, clean, and reliable energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2022 are expected to be in a range from $1.25 billion to $1.35 billion. Growth capital spending in 2022 primarily includes Transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements, projects supporting the Northeast G&P business, opportunities in the Haynesville area, and an expansion in the Western Gulf area. We also expect to invest capital in the development of our upstream oil and gas properties. Our strategy is to provide a large-scale, reliable, and clean energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We accomplish this by connecting the growing demand for cleaner fuels and feedstocks with our major positions in the premier natural gas and natural gas products supply basins. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship including seeking opportunities for renewable energy ventures, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by effects of COVID-19. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We evaluate segment operating performance based upon modified EBITDA. Management uses modified EBITDA because it is an accepted financial indicator used by investors to compare company performance. In addition, management believes that this measure provides investors an enhanced perspective of the operating performance of our assets. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe, reliable, clean energy services to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service to our customers and the communities we serve. Our operations are conducted, managed, and presented within the following reportable segments: Transmission & Gulf of Mexico, Northeast G&P, West, and Sequent. Our operations are subject to regulation by the FERC and as such, our rates and charges for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce are subject to regulation. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions.