Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (MD&A) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition, and our cash flows. We believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. We have approximately 300 product lines that we sell in over 100 countries for the prediction, prevention, detection, and treatment of diseases and conditions that affect various companion animal and livestock species. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health R&D, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. We develop products across additional categories to address the needs of veterinarians and producers to predict, prevent, detect, and treat conditions in both companion animals and livestock, including products and services in diagnostics, genetics, precision animal health, and digital and data analytics. We seek to enhance the health of animals and to bring solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. We intend to grow our business by pursuing core strategies, including driving innovative growth and leading in digital and data analytics. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. Additionally, we view the strength of our leadership team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. We are committed to continuing to be a company our colleagues can be proud of and to attracting, retaining, and developing the best, most diverse talent in the industry. We have established an early and direct presence in many emerging markets, and we believe we are one of the largest animal health medicines and vaccines businesses as measured by revenue across emerging markets as a whole. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential to our operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. We continue to monitor the impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the resulting global recession on all aspects of our business across geographies, including how it has and may continue to impact our customers, workforce, suppliers, and vendors. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, vendors, and suppliers; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices.