Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to various factors that could adversely affect our operations, performance, and financial condition. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements, our operating results could suffer. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. The introduction of new technology could harm our business and results of operations, as the expectations and needs of technology consumers are constantly evolving. Integration of our products and services creates an increasingly complex ecosystem that relies on third parties, and if any disruptive technology achieves widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future investments or acquisitions, and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may be impaired by external pressures such as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and trade tensions. The success of our product and service offerings depends on our ability to attract and retain customers, and an increase in paying customers generally results in more content from contributors, which increases the size of our collection and attracts new paying customers. We rely on the functionality and features of our online marketplaces, and new technologies may render these features obsolete. Our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction, is critical to our success, and as we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of this culture. We face risks associated with our operating as a multinational corporation, including inflation, foreign currency fluctuations, international economic conditions, and changes in laws governing the free flow of data. Catastrophic events, including global pandemics, may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our systems or third-party hosted services could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, and loss of critical data. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to mitigate risks, but security vulnerabilities cannot be totally eliminated. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities, and the costs associated with these efforts could reduce our operating margins. Our ability to effectively manage critical strategic third-party business relationships is crucial, as the failure of third parties to provide acceptable products and services may result in disruptions to our business operations. We are also subject to risks associated with compliance with laws and regulations globally, which may harm our business. Our future effective tax rates may be materially affected by changes in tax rates in jurisdictions where our income is earned, and we regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes from tax examinations. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances may fluctuate due to changes in our planned cash outlay, and we believe that these resources will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months.