We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance and costs related to product defects. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes and evolving customer requirements, necessitating constant evaluation of our business model and strategy. In response, we focus on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects, which reflects our commitment to organizational resilience. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies and frequently introduce new business models that require considerable investment. Our executive management team must act quickly and with vision to meet rapidly changing customer expectations and technological advancements. Global economic and political conditions may further impact our industries and financial results, as our overall performance depends largely upon domestic and worldwide economic conditions. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused uncertainty in the global economy, and an economic downturn may impact our financial condition or results of operations. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory, economic, and political risks. Our dependency on international revenue makes us more exposed to global economic trends, which can negatively impact our financial results. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses that are complementary to our operations, but these acquisitions entail risks such as integration challenges and the potential for incompatible business cultures. We may not be successful in overcoming these risks, and such acquisitions may negatively impact our business. Our business is also subject to significant cybersecurity risks, which could compromise the integrity of our systems and adversely impact our financial results. We devote significant resources to maintain the security and integrity of our systems, offerings, and applications. Despite these efforts, we may not prevent security incidents, and we may face delays in identifying or remediating such incidents. We recognize that our ability to adapt to technological and customer preference changes is critical for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our business could be adversely impacted by the costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions. Our operations rely on third parties for various services, and disruptions in these relationships could adversely affect our business. We are committed to advancing a more sustainable and resilient world, focusing on how our customers leverage our technology to design and make resilient infrastructure and sustainable products. Our strategy includes improving product functionality and expanding offerings through internal development and acquisitions. We believe that our investment in cloud products and a subscription business model provides a robust foundation to navigate complex geopolitical and global macroeconomic challenges. The extent of the impact of these risks on our business will depend on several factors, some of which are beyond our control. We have developed disaster recovery plans and maintain backup systems to reduce the potential impact of catastrophic events, although there can be no assurance that these plans would enable us to return to normal operations.