AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction of additional transmission and renewable generation facilities, modernizing existing infrastructure, and installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits. AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regulatory bodies will authorize new transmission projects or that AEP will recover costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, which could reduce future net income and cash flows. AEP's operations and business plans depend on the global supply chain to procure the equipment, materials, and other resources necessary to build and provide services in a safe and reliable manner. Supply chain disruptions and inflation could negatively impact AEP's operations and corporate strategy, restricting the availability and delaying the construction, maintenance, or repair of items needed to support normal operations. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if it is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions, as performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. AEP faces risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. AEP is exposed to nuclear generation risk, including the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health due to adverse incidents resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities. AEP's subsidiaries are exposed to risks through participation in market and transmission structures in various regional power markets that are beyond their control, which could affect costs or revenues. The company is also subject to mandatory reliability standards that, if not complied with, could result in substantial monetary penalties. AEP's ability to obtain adequate and timely recovery of costs associated with its operations is not assured, and any adverse outcomes in legal proceedings could require significant expenditures that could reduce future net income and cash flows. AEP's financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies it serves, and climate change creates physical and financial risks that could adversely impact operations and financial condition. AEP's reliance on access to capital markets is critical for funding capital requirements, and volatility in financial markets could affect its ability to raise capital on reasonable terms. The company may also face increased litigation risks related to climate disclosures and regulatory compliance, which could lead to significant costs and operational changes. AEP's operations are subject to extensive environmental statutes, and compliance with these legal requirements could require significant capital investment, impacting financial performance. The ability to recover costs associated with environmental compliance is uncertain, and failure to do so could harm financial condition.