The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including those caused by COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. The company has evaluated its holdings and identified investments in areas such as commercial real estate, consumer discretionary spending, and emerging markets issuers as the most exposed to rising interest rates and economic downturn. The company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. The company seeks to match investment currency and interest rate risk to its yen liabilities. The low interest rates on yen-denominated securities have a negative effect on overall net investment income. The company aims to maintain a minimum solvency margin ratio (SMR) of 500% for Aflac Japan and a target combined risk-based capital (RBC) over time of approximately 400% for Aflac U.S., consistent with the company's risk management practices. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist or emerge in the future that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as market changes, and risks may not be appropriately identified, monitored, or managed. The company has implemented return-to-work plans that are adaptable based on multiple factors, including government orders and public health guidelines. The company's operations may also be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or the mitigation efforts and cultural changes caused by the pandemic. The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers. The company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience while also seeking to increase efficiencies. The company has a global crisis management framework to minimize business disruption from catastrophic events, but this framework may not be effective to avoid adverse impacts. The company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives. The company has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables. The company has also entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the U.S. dollar investments. The company's operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events, including pandemics, which could materially reduce its profitability or harm its financial condition. The company's ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet payment obligations is critical, and it has maintained a governance framework to support liquidity, capital, and leverage management. The company has also implemented policies and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which are time-consuming and personnel-intensive.