The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical for maintaining operational continuity. Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The frequency and sophistication of cybersecurity threats continue to increase, necessitating ongoing enhancements to our information security and technology systems. Our business is affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market, and political conditions. We continue to operate under challenging market conditions characterized by rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical tensions, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements, or reduce our profitability. We have developed and continue to enhance enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to identify, monitor, and mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed. Our risk appetite framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals, and available financial resources, balancing the need to take measured risks that generate sustainable earnings and create long-term value. We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations. The potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the general insurance companies. We manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts. Our business is exposed to various catastrophic events, including natural disasters and man-made catastrophes, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk, and we actively analyze the latest climate science and policies to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile. Our risk management framework includes liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address aig-specific, broader industry, and market-related liquidity events. We utilize derivatives to manage our asset and liability duration as well as currency exposures. Our investment strategy within the general insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus, maintenance of sufficient liquidity for unanticipated insurance claims, and preservation of capital. Our insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits, which is critical for generating positive cash flow. The ability of insurance companies to generate cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates, and effective management of our investment portfolio.