A recession or economic downturn, as well as unstable economic conditions in the countries and regions in which we operate, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Business disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations, damage our reputation, and impact client relationships. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business. Such a disruption could be caused by a cybersecurity incident, human error, capacity constraints, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, pandemics, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, civil disruption, political violence and unrest, or war. Our disaster recovery procedures may not be effective, and insurance may not continue to be available at reasonable prices and may not address all such losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients or increase in claims and lawsuits directed against us. Climate risks, including the risk of an economic crisis, risks associated with the physical effects of climate change, and disruptions caused by the transition to a low-carbon economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified talent, including our senior management team. Sustained increases in compensation expense and the cost of employee benefits could reduce our profitability. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses. Volatility or declines in premiums or other adverse trends in the insurance industry may seriously undermine our profitability. Our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may also be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based upon flat fees rather than a percentage of premium. We face a variety of risks in our benefit consulting operations distinct from those we face in our insurance brokerage operations. Our ability to maintain, develop, and deepen relationships with employees, including key brokers, and customers associated with the acquired assets is critical. We may not be able to continue our acquisition strategy in the future, and there are risks associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations. The integration of acquired operations is complex and may divert management's attention and resources, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. If we cannot offer new technologies or data analytics solutions as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies, data analytics solutions, or other product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. Our ability to generate additional tax credits from our clean energy investments ended in December 2021. The global spread of COVID-19 created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. If more contagious variants of COVID-19 develop and spread in the future, many of the negative impacts of the pandemic could return. The substantial increase in remote work among our employees subjects us to certain challenges and risks, including potential impacts on productivity and cybersecurity.