The ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience disruptions to our business as these changing measures have, and will continue to have, an effect on our business operations and practices. If our employees are not able to perform their job duties due to self-isolation, quarantine, lockdown measures, unavailability of COVID-19 tests, travel restrictions, or illness, we may not be able to meet our product schedules, roadmaps, and customer commitments, and we may experience an overall lower productivity of our workforce. COVID-19 continues to impact the global supply chain causing disruptions to service providers, logistics, and the flow and availability of supplies and products. We have taken efforts to maintain a stable supply of materials to meet our production requirements through long-term purchase commitments and prepayment arrangements with some of our suppliers. If we are unable to procure a stable supply of equipment, materials, or substrates at a reasonable cost, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may also assess our product schedules and roadmaps to make any adjustments that may be necessary to support remote working requirements and address the geographic and market demand shifts caused by COVID-19. Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Accordingly, we rely on our supply chain for the manufacturing, distribution, and fulfillment of our products. As we continue to grow our business, expand to high-growth adjacent markets, acquire new customers, and strengthen relationships with existing customers, the efficiency of our supply chain will become increasingly important. If we are unable to consistently deliver the right products to our customers on a timely basis in the right locations, our customers may reduce the quantities they order from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on third-party providers to operate our regional product distribution centers and to manage the transportation of our work-in-process and finished products among our facilities, to our third-party manufacturers, and to our customers. We cannot guarantee that these providers will fulfill their respective responsibilities in a timely manner in accordance with the contract terms, in which case our internal operations and the distribution of our products to our customers could be materially adversely affected. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. These changes may also require changes in our information systems, modification of internal control procedures, and significant training of employees and third-party resources. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches, and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm, and disruption or damage to our business. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and has experienced severe downturns that have materially adversely affected, and may continue to materially adversely affect, our business in the future. Our financial performance has been, and may in the future be, negatively affected by these downturns. The demand for our products depends in part on the market conditions in the industries into which they are sold. Fluctuations in demand for our products or a market decline in any of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.