The coronavirus global pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and ability to consummate future acquisitions. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries and the end markets for many of our products, which could result in an economic downturn that may negatively affect demand for our products. Our global manufacturing facilities remain open with a focus on safety protocols, though a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control have restricted our ability to keep our manufacturing facilities fully operational. If significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, or absenteeism, our operations will be further impacted. The continued spread of COVID-19 may also affect our ability to hire, develop, and retain our talented and diverse workforce. A scarcity of resources or other hardships caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may result in increased nationalism, protectionism, and political tensions which may cause governments and/or other entities to take actions that may have significant negative impacts on the company, its suppliers, and its customers to conduct business in the future. The duration and intensity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting disruption to our operations is uncertain but could have a material impact on our operations, cash flows, financial condition, and ability to consummate future acquisitions. We will continue to assess the financial impact of the pandemic on our business. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Visibility into the future performance of certain of our markets is limited, particularly for markets into which we sell through distribution. Our quarterly sales and profits depend substantially on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast. We may not properly execute, or realize anticipated cost savings or benefits from, our operational excellence initiatives. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives. These initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the company's highly competitive industries. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. We have taken steps to mitigate the impacts of material and transportation cost inflation by implementing pricing actions. In response to these supply chain pressures, we have taken actions to build inventory and seek alternative sources of supply to support sales and backlog growth. Our operations are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause the company to incur substantial costs or require the company to change its business practices. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. Maintaining our existing technological advantages will require us to continue investing in research and development and sales and marketing. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. The availability and prices for raw materials, parts, and components may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers' allocation to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, changes in exchange rates, and prevailing price levels. A disruption in, shortage of, or price increases for, supply of our components and raw materials may adversely impact our operations.