Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control, including economic conditions that may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The COVID-19 global pandemic has led to significant changes in levels of economic activity and disruption in global markets, which may continue to reduce demand for our products and services. Weak economic conditions and changing supply and demand balances have negatively impacted demand for our products in the past and may do so in the future. Our growth strategy is largely based on demand for technologies that limit the impact of global climate change, and reduced focus on carbon emissions could negatively impact demand for our solutions. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. We are actively investing in developing markets, which may present greater risks, including political and economic instability and project delays. Successful operation of facilities may be disrupted by civil unrest or acts of war, requiring us to incur greater costs for security or shut down operations. Our business is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and we choose not to hedge the translation of our foreign subsidiaries' earnings into dollars. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to penetrate markets outside the United States, which involve larger and more complex projects. The approval, execution, and operation of our projects may adversely affect our operations or financial results due to significant engineering and regulatory challenges. Operational risks, such as pipeline leaks and mechanical failures, could negatively impact our ongoing operations and financial results. We are subject to extensive government regulation, which may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could reduce profitability. Compliance with laws and regulations can result in increased operating costs and require additional capital expenditures. Our financial results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings, including antitrust, tax, and environmental matters. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that do not achieve the desired return on investment. The security of our information technology systems is critical, and any compromise could adversely affect our ability to operate. Disruptions in the supply of energy or raw materials could prevent us from meeting contractual commitments and harm our business. New technologies create performance risks that could impact our financial results or reputation. Legislative and regulatory efforts to address climate change may create financial risks for our business. Our operations may present safety risks to employees, and we may be unable to avoid safety incidents that result in injuries or deaths. We are subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings that could become material. Catastrophic events could disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers or customers, negatively impacting our business. Our ability to compete effectively in a segment could adversely impact sales and financial performance.