Due to the unique requirements of the taser 10, we purchase our raw materials from a limited number of suppliers. Any delay or interruption in the supply of these raw materials could impair our ability to manufacture and deliver the taser 10, harm our reputation or cause a reduction in revenues. We depend on certain domestic and international suppliers for the delivery of components used in the assembly of our products. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Although we have and are implementing additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity, there remains risk across our supply chain while we extend our supplier contract program, and there is no guarantee that supply will not be interrupted. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from catastrophic events, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, fire, explosion, failure to contain hazardous materials, industrial accident, utility failure, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, public health crisis, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other mission-critical functions. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we continue to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Our business strategy may include acquiring other complementary products, technologies, or businesses. Integrating an acquired technology, asset, or business into our operations can be challenging, complex, and costly and we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions that we complete will be realized or outweigh their costs. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, processing, storage, and transmission of personally identifiable information and other sensitive and confidential information. Our compliance obligations include laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process, and/or receive and hold certain data that is critical to our operations. Our strategy includes continuing to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. We carefully considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we continue to offer products and services in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, and financial condition.