The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Business and economic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations, and difficult conditions in the business and economic environment may materially adversely affect our business. We are exposed to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. Our business is sensitive to safety concerns related to travel and tourism, limitations on travel and mobility, and health-related risks. The pandemic and resulting containment measures adversely impacted a significant portion of our network volumes. The global macroeconomic outlook continues to remain uncertain due to various factors, including the emergence of new variants, impacts on the labor market, supply chain disruptions, and inflation. The extent to which our business and results of operations could continue to be adversely affected by the lingering impacts of the pandemic will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments. Our operations, business, customers, and partners could be materially adversely affected by climate change. The physical risks of climate change include rising average global temperatures, rising sea levels, and an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters. Such events and disasters could disrupt our operations or the operations of customers or third parties on which we rely and could result in market volatility or negatively impact our customers' spending behaviors or ability to pay outstanding loans. Our risk management framework may not be effective in identifying, measuring, and controlling our exposure to climate-related risks. We consider operational risk to be the risk of loss due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or impacts from the external environment. Operational risk includes the risk that error or misconduct could result in a material financial misstatement or a failure to monitor a third party's compliance with regulatory or legal requirements. We need to continually update and enhance our control environment to address operational and compliance risks. Our ability to address incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the enterprise risk management committee. This framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers and/or us, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect. The risk management governance program seeks to identify, aggregate, monitor, measure, report, and manage risks. We use our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management program to define our risk appetite, governance, culture, and capabilities. The implementation and execution of the risk management program is overseen by our board of directors through various committees, which provide regular reports regarding our risk management processes, risk profile, and performance. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return.