We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally, or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability, and cash flows. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability, and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of the lingering impacts of COVID-19, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense-related programs with the United States Department of Defense. Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, U.S. national security strategy, U.S. foreign policy, and macroeconomic conditions. We are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under U.S. government contracts. Unauthorized access to our, our customers', and/or our suppliers' information and systems could negatively impact our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security or our information technology systems, extreme weather, or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. We are focused on the safety of our employees and retaining the strength of our engineering talent through voluntary transfers to other countries. We have also suspended our business in Russia, including parts, maintenance, and technical support for Russian airlines, and purchases from Russian suppliers. We are complying with U.S. and international sanctions and export control restrictions. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. We believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, but there is no assurance that these transactions will be successful. We continue to experience near-term production disruptions and inefficiencies due to supplier disruption, labor instability, and factory performance. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery.