An investment in BD involves a variety of risks and uncertainties, including those associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, which may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. The emergence of new variants of the SARS-CoV-2 virus may result in new governmental lockdowns, quarantine requirements, or other restrictions, significantly disrupting our operations or those of distributors or suppliers in our supply chain. The COVID-19 pandemic has escalated challenges that existed for global healthcare systems prior to the pandemic, including budget constraints and staffing shortages, which could impact future demand for our products and services. We have developed and launched multiple products for the detection and identification of COVID-19, and our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. Our operational flexibility has been tested by significant challenges in our global supply chain, including shortages in supply or disruptions in shipments, as well as price increases of certain materials or components used in our products. We have been able to manage the challenges associated with these delays and shortages without significant disruption to our business, although no assurance can be given that these efforts will continue to be successful. The COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions that could persist if governments impose further restrictions. We are subject to various risks associated with economic downturns, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, and interest rate fluctuations, which may adversely affect demand for our products and exacerbate other risks that affect our business. Our ability to remain competitive depends on how well we meet changing market demands, including increased demand for environmentally friendly products and products incorporating digital capabilities. We are focused on driving operational effectiveness and margin expansion by increasing factory productivity and asset efficiencies, as well as creating more resilient operations through investments in an enterprise-wide renewable energy strategy. Our business continuity plans are in place to mitigate the impact of disruptions; however, these plans may not fully offset such impacts. We are also experiencing significant challenges related to labor shortages, particularly in North America, which could lead to increased costs and operational disruptions. The military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has increased global economic and political uncertainty, potentially heightening the impact of other risk factors described herein. We are increasingly reliant upon information and technology systems to operate our business, and breaches or breakdowns of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We have made investments to address cybersecurity threats and continue to work with government authorities and third-party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents. Our ability to attract and retain key employees is essential for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our strategic objectives. The success of our operations outside the U.S. depends on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to our production facilities and sales and distribution networks, which may be adversely impacted by local factors such as competition and changes in local healthcare payment systems.