Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings now and in the future, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from pharmaceutical market access and pricing controls, required rebates and other discounts, in the U.S., the EU and other regions around the world that result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates and smaller populations for whom payers will reimburse. We expect that these market access constraints, pricing controls and discounting and other restrictions will become more acute as public and private payers continue to take aggressive steps to control their expenditures. Our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner. There is a high rate of failure inherent in the research and development process for new drugs. As a result, there is a high risk that funds we invest in research programs will not generate financial returns. We have experienced setbacks and may continue to do so. Furthermore, products or indications approved under the U.S. FDA's accelerated approval program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies and such studies may not be successful. We can provide no assurance when or whether any of our products under development will be approved or launched or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. Our product supply and related patient access has been, and could in the future be, negatively impacted by difficulties, delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products. Some of the difficulties, delays and disruptions include product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants; our failure, or the failure of any of our vendors or suppliers, to comply with cGMP and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing. We may also experience supply chain interruptions as a result of quarantines, shelter-in-place and other governmental orders and policies, travel restrictions, airline and cargo capacity and route reductions. Our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our CAR-T cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks with an attractive cost of goods could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our CAR-T cell therapies. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. We remain committed to maintaining a strong investment grade credit rating and returning capital to shareholders. Our focus is on discovering, developing and delivering transformational medicines for patients facing serious diseases in the following core therapeutic areas: oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular disease, fibrotic disease, and neuroscience. We continue to advance the next wave of innovative medicines by investing significantly in our oncology, hematology, immunology, and cardiovascular portfolios. Our commercial model has been successful with revenues from our in-line brands and new product portfolio continuing to grow, which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. We believe that driving long-term business value is at the heart of living our purpose, from improving access and affordability to advancing inclusion and diversity and health equity in all areas of medicine to supporting a healthy planet in order to sustain lives and communities everywhere.