Citi has embarked on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change its business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi's value to customers, clients, and shareholders. This includes efforts to effectively implement the October 2020 Federal Reserve Board and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency consent orders. Citi's CEO has made the strengthening of Citi's risk and control environment a strategic priority and has established a chief administrative officer organization to centralize program management. The Citigroup and Citibank boards of directors each formed a transformation oversight committee to provide oversight of management's remediation efforts under the consent orders. Citi continues to work constructively with regulators and provides ongoing information regarding its plans and progress. The company expects to incur higher expenses in 2023, primarily driven by transformation-related investments, volume-related expenses, and inflation-related impacts. Various geopolitical and macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties continue to adversely impact economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, including significantly elevated levels of inflation and the ongoing war in Ukraine, which disrupts energy and food markets. These factors could adversely affect Citi's customers, clients, businesses, funding costs, expenses, and results during 2023. The company reported a net income of $14.8 billion, a decrease primarily driven by higher costs of credit and operating expenses, partially offset by higher revenues. Citi's cost of credit was $5.2 billion, reflecting a net build of $1.2 billion in the allowance for credit losses, primarily due to consumer loan growth and a deterioration in macroeconomic assumptions. The net credit losses decreased 23% from the prior year, driven by lower consumer net credit losses. Citi's CET1 capital ratio increased to 13.0% as of December 31, 2022, compared to 12.2% as of December 31, 2021, driven by net income and business actions to reduce risk-weighted assets. The company made substantial progress on its consumer banking business divestitures in 2022, closing sales in five exit markets and working toward closing four additional sale transactions. The ongoing wind-downs of the Korea consumer banking business and Russia consumer, local commercial, and institutional businesses are also part of Citi's strategic initiatives. The company anticipates that revenues in its markets and investment banking businesses will continue to reflect the overall market environment during 2023. Citi's transformation efforts include continued investments in risk and control initiatives, business-led investments, and operational flexibility to adapt to changing market conditions. The company aims to maintain its integrity and performance while navigating external pressures and environmental disruptions. The strategic response to these challenges emphasizes organizational resilience through effective resource allocation, knowledge management, and inter-organizational collaboration. The focus on operational continuity and crisis management reflects Citi's commitment to sustaining performance under pressure and adapting to complex situations.