Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition. Historical results of operations should not be viewed as reliable indicators of our future performance. Various factors affect our operating results, and some of them are not within our control. Our operating results are affected by the mix of products and services sold and the timing of revenue recognition. Changes in hardware and IP bookings or deliveries relative to expectations will have a more immediate impact on our revenue. Our cash flows from operating activities have fluctuated due to factors including the timing of our billings, collections, disbursements, and tax payments. Economic conditions, such as inflation, may cause our expenses to increase at a rate faster than our product pricing can recover. The methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changes in those methods, estimates, and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations. The current outlook for the global economy is uncertain and may result in a decrease in spending on our products and services. Uncertainty caused by challenging global political and economic conditions could negatively impact our customers' businesses, reducing the number of new chip designs and overall research and development spending. Our business could also be impacted by political, economic, and legal actions in regions where our suppliers or customers operate. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainties that could impact our stock price. If economic conditions deteriorate or if semiconductor or electronics systems industry revenues do not grow, we may be adversely affected. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has posed challenges to our operations, but we have implemented policies that have enabled us to support critical operations. Our business model provides some resilience against these factors, and we continuously monitor the impacts of these circumstances on our business. We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain them may harm our results of operations. Competition for highly skilled personnel can be intense, particularly in technology centers. Our ability to do business may be impacted by trade tensions and increased scrutiny of foreign investments. We have significant operations outside the United States, and our international operations are subject to various risks, including government trade restrictions and political and economic conditions. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. Activities that interfere with our international connectivity could significantly harm our business operations. We rely on our proprietary technology, as well as software and other intellectual property rights licensed to us by third parties. Our success depends, in part, upon our proprietary technology and our ability to protect our intellectual property rights. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Our ability to manage costs and maintain operational flexibility is critical to our resilience in the face of economic pressures and market volatility.