We operate in a highly competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to provide some services and complete our network evolution and rural construction initiatives might be materially adversely affected if any of our third-party service providers experience disruptions. Our third-party service providers have been disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines, and other health-related restrictions. These events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers. The increasing number of choices available to audiences could negatively impact consumer demand for our products and services. We may not have the ability to pass on to our customers all of the increases in programming costs, which could adversely affect our cash flow and operating margins. We continue to review our pricing and programming packaging strategies to mitigate impacts to our operating margins due to increasing programming rates. Our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands. Any failure to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We expect continued growth-related sales and marketing costs as we grow our mobile services. The uncertainty of our ability to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances effectively. Our network and information systems are critical to our operating activities, and disruptions caused by events such as cyber attacks could have adverse consequences on our network, customers, and business. Our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, which could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. Our operational results depend on the retention and continued performance of our management team. Our ability to retain and hire new key employees could be adversely impacted by the competitive environment for management talent. The agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our franchises favorably, and a termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our business. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof could have an adverse effect on our business. The resiliency of our networks to maintain service during and after disasters and power outages is a significant consideration for our operations. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities.