As a large global health company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. Future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively. Successfully executing on these initiatives depends on a number of factors, including our ability to differentiate our products, develop and bring to market new and innovative products, and grow and support our product portfolio. For our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. If we fail to adapt, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. We operate in a highly competitive environment and an industry subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer and client needs, legislative and regulatory developments, and other market factors. Our clients are well informed and organized and can easily move between our competitors and us. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately, and increase customers as planned. We must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and further integrate additional product and service offerings. To succeed, it is imperative that we maintain a strong reputation. The negative reputational impact of a significant event, including a failure to execute on customer or client contracts, could affect our ability to grow and retain profitable arrangements. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, such as claims processing and payment, internet support, and customer call centers. A significant disruption in service within our operations or among our key suppliers could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have adopted, and continue to enhance, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and strategies; however, there is no guarantee that such plans will be effective. Our failure to implement adequate business continuity and disaster recovery strategies could significantly reduce our ability to provide products and services to our customers. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect global economies and financial markets, and we may experience new disruptions to our business operations. The pandemic has heightened the potential adverse effects on our business, including changes in medical claims submission patterns, increased costs for COVID-19-related care, and compliance with substantial government regulation. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. We face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits, and investigations that could result in changes to our business practices and adversely affect our financial condition. Our business is subject to substantial government regulation, and changes in laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We must identify, assess, and respond to new trends in the legislative and regulatory environment, as well as comply with existing regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws could materially adversely affect our business and reputation.