We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our technology, our customers, our people, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, such as phishing attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, ransomware attacks, firewall or encryption failures, or other security or operational risks. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites to provide operational resiliency. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. We maintain risk management, compliance, and monitoring policies, procedures, and programs designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor, and manage our risks, including enterprise risk, compliance, and internal audit programs. However, such policies, procedures, and programs may not be fully effective in their operation. We cannot guarantee that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute, and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times, and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing. We are also exposed to substantial credit risk of our clearing firms and other counterparties, and a decrease in their financial resources could adversely affect us. We have policies and procedures to help ensure that our clearing firms and other counterparties can satisfy their obligations, but these policies may not succeed in detecting problems or preventing defaults. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our success depends on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces for a wide range of products that have the required functionality, performance, availability, and resilience to attract and retain customers. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, and resilience required by our customers. We are subject to the impacts of global market, economic, and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. Our business is subject to the risk of continued increasing oversight and changes to our regulatory environment, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy and disrupted our business and our clients' businesses, leading to decreased trading volume and unprecedented market stresses in global financial markets. The ultimate impact from COVID-19 is unknown and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.