Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, including overall economic and industry conditions. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. We may be more susceptible than our competitors to significant negative consequences from food safety incidents due to several highly publicized food safety incidents involving e. coli, c. perfringens bacteria and norovirus that were connected to a number of our restaurants. Our digital business, which accounted for a significant portion of our total revenue, is subject to risks, including reliance on third-party delivery companies. Our ability to attract and retain guests could be adversely affected by these factors, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability. We continue to believe that our commitment to higher-quality and responsibly sourced ingredients resonates with guests and gives us a competitive advantage; however, many of our competitors also make claims related to the quality of their ingredients. If we are unable to continue to maintain our distinctiveness and compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the immediacy of social media could have a material adverse impact on our business. Social media has dramatically increased the speed with which negative publicity is disseminated. We rely on our restaurant-level employees to consistently provide high-quality food and positive experiences to our guests. Maintaining appropriate staffing in our restaurants requires precise workforce planning, which has become more complex due to predictive scheduling laws and the so-called "great resignation" trend. A shortage of qualified candidates could affect our ability to open new restaurants, grow sales at existing restaurants or meet our labor cost objectives. Our ability to offset higher labor costs by increasing menu prices depends on the willingness of our guests to pay the higher prices. Our business has been and could continue to be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs caused by various factors. We rely heavily on information technology systems, and failures or interruptions in our IT systems could harm our ability to effectively operate our business. Our inability or failure to execute a comprehensive business continuity plan could have a material adverse impact on our business. We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address crisis-level events. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures. Supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of ingredients and supplies that are critical to our restaurant operations. Increases in the costs of ingredient and other materials could adversely affect our results of operations. We may experience shortages, delays or interruptions in the supply of ingredients due to various operational disruptions. Our growth depends on our ability to open new restaurants and operate them profitably. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect or fail to overcome the higher startup expenses associated with new restaurants, our new restaurants may not be as profitable as our existing restaurants. Our failure to effectively manage and support our growth could have a negative adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our executive leadership team and other key management personnel. A failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support our strategic initiatives could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets.