The following discussion sets forth what management currently believes could be the material risks and uncertainties that could impact our businesses, results of operations, and financial condition. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. Our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. We must accurately process, record, and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions. If we do not maintain the necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure to operate our business, including to maintain the resiliency and security of that infrastructure, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. We also face risks from catastrophic events. Despite the business contingency plans we have in place, such plans do not fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our businesses, operations, and customers. We continue to enhance processes to embed evolving climate risk considerations into our existing risk management strategies; however, because the timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. Our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk. The legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably, and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, liquidity, and capital levels. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations. Our strategy is informed by and aligned with risk appetite, from development to execution. The strategic planning process considers relevant changes to the company's overall risk profile. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality. Consequently, we try to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. Our most important tool in this endeavor is sound underwriting. We continually monitor our portfolio and take steps to collect or work out distressed loans. Our governance framework provides for oversight of methods, models, qualitative adjustments, process controls, and results. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high quality and consistent customer experiences and to achieve business objectives in a controlled manner. The chief operational risk officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program. Our framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and consists of various elements, including governance and accountability, risk identification, assessment, measurement and response, monitoring and testing, aggregation, reporting and escalation, and culture and talent management. We assess liquidity strength by evaluating several different balance sheet metrics under severe stress scenarios to ensure we can withstand significant funding degradation through idiosyncratic, systemic, or combined liquidity stress scenarios. We have established liquidity practices that are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements and maintain adequate reserves to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets.