Our business operations could be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with WBA may not be realized, and achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including potential disruptions of our plans and operations. If our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit WBA for failure to supply products. A disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of or investments in businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses or in regions in which we lack operational or market experience. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by our global operations, which subjects us to various risks inherent in global operations. We may conduct business in additional foreign jurisdictions in the future, which may carry operational risks in addition to the risks of acquisition. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties. Changes or uncertainty in U.S. policies or policies in other countries and regions in which we do business can disrupt our global operations. We face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had adverse effects on our business. The implementation of any government-mandated vaccination or testing mandates may impact our ability to retain current employees and attract new employees. Our management of the impact of COVID-19 has required significant investment of time and resources. We have implemented measures designed to keep our employees safe and have protocols in place to address business continuity issues at our distribution centers and other locations. The impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this risk factors section, any of which could have a material effect on us. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation is critical to our ability to expand and retain our customer base, strategic partnerships, and other key relationships. Our reputation could be damaged if we do not act responsibly with respect to sustainability matters, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. We are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services. We continue to focus on strategies and systems to address climate change. However, we face climate and environmental risks, and the occurrence of one or more unexpected events could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and continued consolidation within the healthcare industry could adversely affect our results of operations. We might be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our relationships with pharmaceutical suppliers give rise to substantial amounts that are due to us from the suppliers, including amounts owed to us for returned goods or defective goods. The bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of any customer or supplier could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.