The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly through disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities, which could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots, and disruptions due to extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and are negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences, and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members and our market share. The availability and performance of our information technology systems are vital to our business, and failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available would adversely impact our operations. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects, and the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. It is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems would require significant investments in resources to restore services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. The potential impacts of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, disruptions to our IT systems, and temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business in many respects, including supply and logistics constraints and impacts on consumer behavior. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, including government regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions that may increase compliance and merchandise costs. We cannot guarantee that we will make adequate investments or successfully implement strategies that will effectively achieve our climate-related goals, which could lead to negative perceptions among members and other stakeholders. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and we must attract, train, and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees while controlling related labor costs. The continuing impacts of the pandemic are highly unpredictable and are affecting various aspects of our operations, including supply chain operations and our ability to predict future performance.