Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud. Consumer concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the internet and online commerce. We maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We have and may continue to incur substantial expenses establishing new yards and operations, acquiring buyers and sellers, and implementing shared services capabilities in international markets. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of additional land and yards. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel; establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; secure adequate capital; identify productive uses for available capital reserves; and maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle sellers. Our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team. If we lose the service of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. We could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative, or remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities or facilities which we may acquire in the future, or the disposal of our waste at off-site locations. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. We mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the New York metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Ida. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. Severe weather events, including but not limited to tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and hailstorms, can also impact our volumes. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future.