You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties and all of the other information set forth in this 10-K. These risks and uncertainties may affect forward-looking statements, including those we make in this 10-K or elsewhere. The impact of COVID-19 will have on our businesses, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition is uncertain, but the impact could be material and adverse. We must maintain and improve our relationships with our customers and increase the demand for our products and services. We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Failure to meet customer and investor expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance goals, may harm our brand and reputation, our ability to retain and grow our customer base and membership. We routinely are subject to litigation and other adverse legal proceedings, including class actions and qui tam actions. Many of these proceedings seek substantial damages which may not be covered by insurance. We frequently are subject to regular and special governmental audits, investigations and reviews that could result in changes to our business practices and also could result in material refunds, fines, penalties, civil liabilities, criminal liabilities and other sanctions. Our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in laws and policies governing employers and by union organizing activity. The occurrence of any business continuity hazards and risks could disrupt our operations or otherwise adversely affect our performance and operating results. We have developed procedures for crisis management and disaster recovery and business continuity plans. However, our crisis management and disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans may not be effective. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to significant adverse regulatory actions, including monetary penalties, or suffer brand and reputational harm. The company believes its integrated health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes and lowers overall health care costs. The company is dedicated to corporate social responsibility and sustainability and has established certain goals as part of its ESG strategy. We face pressures from our colleagues, customers, and stockholders to meet our goals and to make significant advancements in environmental, social and governance matters. Achievement of our goals is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. The company's businesses depend on its customers', members' and other constituents' willingness to entrust it with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust could adversely affect our brand and reputation, membership and operating results. Our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We must re-engineer and reduce the number of these systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve our productivity and reduce our operating expenses. The company relies heavily on its computer systems to manage its ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, customer loyalty and subscription programs, finance, human resources, and other processes. We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations. The company must regularly reassess the size, capability and location of its global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, and must have effective change management processes and internal controls in place to address changes in its businesses and operations. The company's ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees is essential to meet its current and future goals and objectives.