Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as a core part of its business planning process. Chevron's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the company's ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. In light of the significant uncertainty around the duration and extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, management is currently unable to develop with any level of confidence estimates and assumptions that may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. The impacts of the continuation or further resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse and potentially material effect on Chevron's financial and operating results. The company has exposure to cyber incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to its critical data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company's process control networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations or harm to the environment. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such events. Chevron's business is subject to liability risks from litigation or government action, and its operations produce byproducts that may be considered pollutants. Political instability and significant changes in the legal and regulatory environment could harm the company's business. Chevron's operations can be affected by changing political, regulatory, and economic environments in the various countries in which it operates. The company is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which could adversely impact its operations and financial results. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance matters may impact Chevron's business, including changes to the portfolio of company activities and increased costs. The company has announced an aspiration to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050, reflecting its current plans and aspirations that are not guarantees of achievement. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain. The company's ability to achieve any aspiration, target, or objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of its control.