The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. The outcomes of the business review and the implementation of the resulting recommendations may be subject to various risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on the companies' future results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either of the companies is found not to be in compliance. Recent legislative and regulatory changes that are impacting the companies include the IRA, the VCEA, the 2017 Tax Reform Act and tariffs imposed on imported solar panels by the U.S. government in 2018. The companies have been and may continue to be or become subject to legal proceedings and governmental investigations. The companies may from time to time be subject to various legal proceedings and governmental investigations. The companies' generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. The companies are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage. The companies' infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval, including environmental permits, before commencing construction and completing projects. The companies may not complete the facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms, costs or timing than initially estimated. The companies' ability to complete the CVOW commercial project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with current cost estimates is subject to various risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the companies' control. The companies' ability to recover unforeseen cost increases associated with construction of the CVOW commercial project is potentially limited which could negatively impact the companies' future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years and could be subject to delays, supply chain disruption, cost overruns, inflation, labor disputes or shortages and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the companies' financial performance. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the companies' services. Severe weather or acts of nature can stress systems, disrupt operation of the companies' facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events. The companies are also subject to risks associated with operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. A major cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the companies' business, financial condition and results of operations. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies.