The following risks are considered material to John Deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. The discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. John Deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace, and restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere's ability to export goods and services. Trade restrictions and changes in global trade policies may affect John Deere's competitive position. The evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of John Deere's competition, customer base, and product offerings. John Deere's efforts to grow its businesses depend in part upon access to additional geographic markets and its success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. Expanding business operations globally increases exposure to currency fluctuations, which can materially affect the company's financial results. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine could adversely impact business and financial results, and John Deere's senior management continues to closely monitor all risks to operations in the region. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for John Deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. The COVID pandemic and geopolitical instability have significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, leading to supply chain challenges, inflation, and volatility in global capital markets. Sustained negative economic conditions affect housing starts, energy prices, and demand, dampening demand for certain construction equipment. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation, and quality, and aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors could adversely affect its business. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements could significantly affect its business results. The company must proactively monitor trends and develop alternatives and enhancements that complement its product offerings. John Deere's ability to accurately forecast customer demand for products and services, and to manage inventory, could adversely affect operating results. John Deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, and the company needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers. Changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods have resulted in significant disruptions to the supply chain, causing production disruptions, increased costs, and lower profits. John Deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise sensitive information. Unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism, and natural disasters, have adversely affected operations and financial performance. The potential physical impacts of climate change on John Deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers are highly uncertain and could adversely affect demand for products and financial performance.