Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk. If we are unable to remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. To remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources, techniques and models. We seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed according to regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss. If the security of our systems, or the systems of third parties we rely upon, is compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation. Our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with whom we do business. The impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance and regulatory and legal actions, including those related to accounting guidance, tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have established a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. We utilize early warning indicators to detect emerging liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses and establish scalable operations, increase our costs. The ability to attract and retain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been, and will continue to be, significantly affected by general economic conditions. We may face compliance and regulatory risks if we introduce new or changed products and services or enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. The competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue growth from our core digital banking business. We expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements and infrastructure efficiencies.