Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers, and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks. The occurrence of such events may lead to significant governmental measures that could adversely affect our ability to manage our operations. We may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs, which may lead to delays. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. Our ability to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire may be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations, making us susceptible to downturns in these areas. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. Our business depends upon the demand for data centers, and any reduction in demand could have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We may be vulnerable to breaches or unauthorized access to our physical and information technology infrastructure and systems, which could result in significant costs and disruptions. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties, which increases our risk if these customers experience downturns in their businesses. Our growth depends on external sources of capital, which are outside of our control, and we may not be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms. We may be unable to identify and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, and our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed, and we may have difficulty managing our growth. We may incur significant costs related to environmental matters, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face, and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. We may face risks associated with the use of debt to fund our business activities, including refinancing and interest rate risks. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in our areas or if supply exceeds demand. We may not be able to effectively manage our international business, and our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits. Our ability to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical for sustaining and growing our business. The impact of current global and local economic, credit, and market conditions may also affect our operations and financial results.