The following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-K. Economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, refining, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our customers. We expect a more challenging macroeconomic environment, especially in Europe, as the war and the energy crisis are having a significant impact on costs and demand. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We depend on key personnel to lead our business; the labor market is very dynamic. Our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development and profitability. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. The covid-19 pandemic and measures taken in response thereto have materially and adversely impacted, and we expect may continue to materially and adversely impact, our business and results of operations. The degree to which the pandemic ultimately impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations and the global economy will depend on future developments beyond our control, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. The occurrence of extraordinary events such as litigation or claims, the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, war, natural or manmade disasters, and severe weather conditions affecting our operations or the industries we serve may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals in alignment with the United Nations Global Compact's business ambition for 1.50C. Achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. Our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, other stakeholders, regulators, and the media related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives. We may incur additional expense or be required to recognize impairment charges in connection with our efforts. Our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain or develop such officers or key employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. The impact of the pandemic continues to evolve, estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty and therefore require judgment. These estimates and assumptions may change in future periods and will be recognized in the consolidated financial information as new events occur and additional information becomes known.