In addition to the other information contained in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business: the uncertain economic environment could also have an impact on our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties' credit deteriorates or if they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been the result of many global macro-economic factors including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. These macro-economic and other factors could negatively affect our business and financial condition. The war in Ukraine has led to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, an increase in cybersecurity incidents as well as supply chain disruptions. We continue to address necessary changes in global sanctions laws and modify our processes as necessary in light of these evolving laws. A material failure to comply with global sanctions laws could have a negative effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. The associated disruptions in the oil and gas markets have caused, and could continue to cause, significant increases in energy prices, which could have a material effect on our business. Any power outages, shortages, capacity constraints or significant increases in the cost of power may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. We rely on third parties, third party infrastructure, governments, and global suppliers to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our IBX data centers and meet the needs of our current and future customers. Our international operations are sometimes located outside of developed, reliable electricity markets, where we are exposed to some insecurity in supply associated with technical and regulatory problems, as well as transmission constraints. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are in turn supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, but these measures may not always prevent downtime or solve for long-term or large-scale outages. Any outage or supply disruption could adversely affect our business, customer experience and revenues. We have experienced an information technology security breach in the past and may be vulnerable to future security breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Our adaptation to a hybrid working model that includes both work from home and in an office could continue to expose us to new security risks. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX offices remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our IBX data centers or corporate offices, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. These could result from numerous factors, including but not limited to human error, equipment failure, physical, electronic and cyber security breaches, natural disasters, extreme temperatures, and global pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We continue to invest in our expansion efforts but may not have sufficient customer demand in the future to realize expected returns on these investments. The anticipated benefits of our joint ventures may not be fully realized, or take longer to realize than expected. We may not be able to successfully pursue or realize some or all of the anticipated revenue opportunities associated with an acquisition or investment. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.