The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks, including market conditions and volatility in prices for oil and natural gas, which may adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth, production, and the present value of our estimated reserves. Our business and operations have been adversely affected by the war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic, and volatility in the oil and natural gas markets. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a loss of properties and a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves and future production. Our operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations which require compliance that can be burdensome and expensive. We are vulnerable to risks associated with our primary operations concentrated in a single geographic area, and if transportation or other facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted and our revenues reduced. The inability of one or more of our customers to meet their obligations may adversely affect our financial results. Our operations are subject to all of the hazards and operating risks associated with drilling for and production of oil and natural gas, including the risk of fire, explosions, and environmental hazards. We have developed targets related to our ESG initiatives, including emissions reduction targets and strategy, which reflect our commitment to sustainability and operational resilience. Our success depends on finding, developing, or acquiring additional reserves, and our future success depends upon our ability to replace our current production. The successful acquisition of producing properties requires an assessment of several factors, including recoverable reserves and future oil and natural gas prices. The accuracy of these assessments is inherently uncertain, and we may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. We have incurred losses from operations during certain periods and may do so in the future. Our financial position and results of operations may also fluctuate significantly based on whether or not significant acquisitions are completed. We are subject to cybersecurity risks, and a cyber incident could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, and/or financial loss. Our reliance on technology has increased due to remote communications and work-from-home practices that evolved in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have implemented controls and protections designed to protect our systems, but such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats. Our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure, and information systems. If any of these systems are compromised or unavailable, our business could be adversely affected. The enactment of climate change-related regulations may also result in increases in our compliance costs and other operating costs. We intend to remain flexible and use a combination of our growing and sustainable base dividend, variable dividend, and opportunistic share repurchase program to generate the highest value proposition for our stockholders. Our ability to achieve our ESG targets, including emissions reductions, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that our operations and other capital resources will provide cash in sufficient amounts to maintain planned or future levels of capital expenditures.