Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. We are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of risk. Our ability to successfully attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems. Our information systems are vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. Cyber security incidents could cause us to experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. We develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent unauthorized access, and have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cyber security event. The development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We have increased the resources devoted to developing a multi-dimensional, differentiated service offering, including our digital footprint, onsites, national accounts, international capabilities, and process and consumption analytics. We cannot assure you those steps will lead to sales growth. Failure to achieve any of our goals regarding our digital footprint, onsites, national accounts, international capabilities, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales and profit growth. Our competitive advantage in solutions could be eliminated, and certain circumstances could lead to a short-term inability to promote and/or install our services. We believe we have a competitive advantage due to our local branch presence, allowing us to service devices more rapidly and with less burden on our customers. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. A public health crisis, including COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Compliance with laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in fines or penalties, damage to our reputation, or the termination of contracts. Our business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could result in harm to various aspects of the business and may result in costly litigation to protect our rights.