We have increasingly focused our software segment's business strategy on investing significant development resources to enable substantially all of our software to run on the FICO® platform, which is designed to enable advanced analytics and decisioning use cases. This business strategy aims to enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions. The market may be unreceptive to our general business approach, including our cloud-based offerings, which could affect our ability to maintain performance under pressure. Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings. If we are unable to develop successful new products or if we experience defects, failures, and delays associated with the introduction of new products, our business could suffer serious harm. We have also experienced delays while developing and introducing new products and product enhancements, primarily due to difficulties in acquiring data and adapting to particular software operating environments. Our ability to increase revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services that satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. The potential for future stress and disruptions, including rising inflation and interest rates, presents considerable risks to our businesses and operations. Such disruptions could lead to a decline in the volumes of services we provide our customers and could negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. Our management approach includes ongoing reengineering efforts designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations, and business may suffer. We continuously evaluate our portfolio of businesses, which may involve risks such as disruption of our operations or businesses and reductions in our revenues. Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. If we experience business interruptions or failure of our information technology and communication systems, the availability of our products and services could be interrupted, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, and financial condition. Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers and information technology systems. Any disruption could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, reduced revenues and profits, and damage to our brand and reputation. We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, and claims relating to products and services, which require significant judgment in assessing the likelihood of adverse outcomes and potential losses. Our business strategy and future success depend on our ability to attract and retain experienced personnel, and the labor market for these individuals is very competitive. The complexity of our products requires highly trained personnel for research and development and to assist customers with product installation, deployment, maintenance, and support. The failure to recruit and retain qualified personnel could hinder our ability to successfully manage our business. The working arrangements for our employees have changed, and should productivity decline or our employees' ability to collaborate fall as a result of these changes, our business could suffer. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update some of our products. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships, we could lose access to required data, which could negatively impact our ability to adapt and respond to market demands.