We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers continue to shift resources to the development of electric vehicles (EVs). To successfully execute our long-term strategy, we must continue to develop new products and services, including products and services that are outside of our historically core internal combustion engine (ICE) business. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. If our access to capital were to become significantly constrained, our ability to execute on our strategic plans could be adversely affected. Further, failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a broad portfolio of EVs. The production and profitable sale of EVs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; scale our EV manufacturing capabilities; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs; increase vehicle range and the energy density of our batteries; efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of EV battery cells; and successfully invest in new technologies relative to our peers. We operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and operating results. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Because we have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, small changes in sales volume can have a disproportionately large effect on our profitability. Disruption in our suppliers' operations have disrupted, and could in the future disrupt, our production schedule. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts could cause us to alter production schedules, increase work-in-process inventory, or suspend production entirely, which could cause a loss of revenues or an increase in working capital, adversely affecting our profitability and financial condition. We continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and government actions and measures taken to prevent its spread, and the potential to affect our operations. We expect that the number and extent of regulations, laws, and policies, and the related costs and changes to our product portfolio, may increase significantly in the future, primarily motivated by efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products is critical to our business operations and strategy. The occurrence of any significant disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could disrupt our production schedule and adversely affect our reputation, increase costs, and lower revenues.