Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our class A and class C stock. We face intense competition, and if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners, we may not remain competitive. Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, requiring us to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could divert management attention and harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We are investing significantly in areas that face intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors, and our offerings may not be successful or able to compete effectively. Our financial condition and operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the evolving needs and desires of our users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture or assemble our hardware products and servers, and we may experience supply shortages, price increases, and longer lead times that could negatively affect our operations. We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products and our services. Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and our company policies, but we do not control them or their practices. Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services. Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. We may experience security issues, whether due to employee or insider error or malfeasance, system errors, or vulnerabilities in our or other parties' systems. We are subject to various new, existing, and changing laws and regulations worldwide that could harm our business. Our employees are critical to our success, and we expect to continue investing in them. Our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork, which are essential for our organizational resilience. As we experiment with hybrid work models, we may experience increased costs and/or disruption, which could affect our ability to operate effectively. The continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact are highly unpredictable and could be significant. Our operating results may fluctuate, making our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. We face ongoing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results. We are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government investigations, and other forms of regulatory scrutiny that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.