The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the company is exposed. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. Grainger's logistics or supply chain network could be disrupted by the occurrence of one or more natural or human-induced disasters, including earthquakes, tsunamis, storms, hurricanes, floods, fires, droughts, tornados, and other extreme weather; pandemic diseases or viral contagions such as the COVID-19 pandemic; geopolitical events, such as war, civil unrest, or terrorist attacks in a country in which Grainger operates or in which its suppliers are located; disruptions in transport networks; and the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy, and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. The company continues to monitor economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, and the impact of macroeconomic pressures, including rising interest rates, fluctuating currency exchange rates, and recession fears, on the company's business, customers, suppliers, and other third parties. Grainger's broad and diverse customer base and the nondiscretionary nature of the company's products to its customers has historically helped it perform well in the industrial MRO market in recessionary periods. The full extent and impact of these conditions are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability. Disruptions in procuring sources of supply could occur due to factors beyond Grainger's control, including economic downturns, recessions, outbreaks of pandemic disease, natural or human-induced disasters, extreme weather, geopolitical unrest, tariffs, and transportation availability. Grainger's ability to pass on such increases in costs in a timely manner depends on market conditions. The inability to pass along cost increases could result in lower gross margins. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers, and employees. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. Grainger devotes time and resources to environmental, social, and governance efforts that are consistent with its corporate values and are designed to strengthen its business and protect and preserve its reputation. These efforts and programs could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement. Grainger's business and operations have been and could in the future be adversely affected by the global outbreak of the coronavirus and its variants, or other global outbreaks of pandemic disease. These adverse effects could result in product shortages and may impact the company's ability to maintain sufficient inventory and to accurately predict demand or lead times. The duration and ultimate impact of a global pandemic on the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Grainger's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience.