The covid-19 pandemic significantly affected the global economy and strained the hospitality industry, resulting in cancellations and reduced travel around the world, as well as complete and partial suspensions of certain hotel operations. The long-term effects of the pandemic on our business and the travel industry remain uncertain and will depend on future developments, including the duration and severity of potential future serious illnesses, the availability and public acceptance of vaccinations, and the length of time it takes for demand to stabilize and normal economic and operating conditions to fully resume. Our business is subject to a number of business, financial, and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including significant competition from multiple hospitality providers, changes in operating costs, and the ability of third-party internet intermediaries to attract and retain customers. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is crucial. We have experienced strong signs of recovery since early 2021, with comparable system-wide revenue per available room exceeding levels achieved in the same periods in 2019. The recovery was particularly strong during the second half of 2022, driven by an upward trend in both average daily rate and occupancy. However, declines in demand for our products and services due to general economic conditions could negatively affect our business by limiting the amount of fee revenues we generate from our managed and franchised properties. Our ability to compete effectively is based primarily on the value and quality of our management services, brand name recognition, and our access to and willingness to invest capital. The expansion of social media has compounded the potential scope of negative publicity, increasing the speed and expanse of information dissemination. A perceived decline in the quality of our brands or damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We depend on our long-term management and franchise contracts with third-party hotel owners and franchisees for our management and franchise fee revenues. The success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depend on our ability to perform under our management and franchise contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and franchisees. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to expected future market conditions, while continuing to optimize value for the experiences of our customers, owners, and employees. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global hotel network and fee-based business, which we evaluate based on economic viability and the credit quality of third-party owners. The risks related to operating our business include labor shortages, which could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business or result in increased labor costs. We rely heavily on our information technology systems in the conduct of our business, and failures in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our business operations in countries outside the U.S. are subject to various laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws may increase costs, reduce profits, limit growth, or subject us to broader liability. The ability to maintain operational flexibility and respond to changes in the business environment is essential for organizational resilience.