The company continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. In an effort to reduce the impact of current and future supply chain disruptions, we have implemented short-term and long-term strategies to reduce the impact of such disruptions, including development of new or redesigned products that satisfy our product quality controls and engineering qualifications and/or any applicable regulatory requirements. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The company has experienced average resolution values per claim excluding legal costs, and it is not possible to predict whether resolution values for bendix-related asbestos claims will increase, decrease, or stabilize in the future. The company recognizes liabilities for any contingency that is probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. The company continually assesses the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes in such matters, as well as potential ranges of probable losses based on a careful analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. Given the uncertainty inherent in litigation and investigations, the company does not believe it is possible to develop estimates of reasonably possible loss in excess of current accruals for commitment and contingency matters. The company has implemented a comprehensive enterprise risk management program, which includes cybersecurity as a critical component. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology systems to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at the company, its products, its customers, and/or its third-party service providers. The company seeks to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information, theft of funds, and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident and its effects include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines levied by the federal trade commission or other government agencies, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats. The company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, and other events could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. The company has established controls regarding global cash management to guard against cash or investment loss and to ensure its ability to fund operations and commitments. The company also continues to assess the relative strength of each business in its portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities to upgrade its combined portfolio.