We operate regulated marketplaces for the listing, trading, and clearing of a broad array of derivatives contracts and financial securities. Our business has been impacted positively and negatively by global economic conditions, including rising interest rates and market volatility. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022. Our mortgage technology revenues decreased primarily due to lower mortgage origination volumes driven by rising interest rates. The origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. We continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. Our operating expenses may be impacted by growth in electronic contract volume, capacity requirements, and changes in the number of telecommunications hubs and connections with customers. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our clearing houses provide financial security for each transaction for the duration of the position by limiting counterparty credit risk. The cash and cash equivalent deposits made to these margin accounts and to the guaranty fund are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as current assets with corresponding current liabilities to the clearing members that deposited them. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using a current rate of exchange, with gains or losses included in the cumulative translation adjustment account, a component of equity. Our exposure to foreign denominated earnings is presented by primary foreign currency. We may experience gains or losses from foreign currency transactions in the future given that a significant part of our assets and liabilities are recorded in foreign currencies. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis and executing agreements to protect our interests. The ice clearing houses may pass on interest revenues to the clearing members, which could include negative or reduced yield due to market conditions. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, and regulatory requirements. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates, as well as the uncertainty surrounding geopolitical events, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on the global economy and on our business.