Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments, conditions, or events like inflationary pressures, the Russia-Ukraine war, and the COVID-19 pandemic, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. The complexity of resuming operations in our offices under a hybrid workplace model may adversely impact the productivity, health, and well-being of our workforce and exacerbate security and execution risks. Potential disruption of services on which we rely to deliver our services to our customers could prevent us or our service providers from delivering critical services to our customers or accepting and fulfilling customer orders, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions. To meet the changing needs of our customers and partners and attract and retain top technical talent, we must continue to innovate, develop new products and features, and enhance our ability to solve customer problems with emerging technologies. As we continue to introduce and expand our new business models, including offerings that are free to end users, our risk profile may change, resulting in loss of revenue. Our business operations, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. Our shift to a hybrid workplace model introduces operational complexity that exacerbates our security-related risks. We are increasingly incorporating open-source software into our products, and there may be vulnerabilities in such software that make it susceptible to cyberattacks. A security incident involving third parties we rely on may have serious negative consequences for our businesses, including disclosure of sensitive customer or workforce data, or confidential or competitively sensitive information regarding our business. We depend on a number of third parties, including vendors, developers, and partners who are critical to our business. The business operations of our third-party partners have been and could continue to be disrupted by global events like the Russia-Ukraine war and the COVID-19 pandemic. If our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We face intense competition in all of our businesses, and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. Our competitors may introduce superior products and services, reduce prices, or have greater technical, marketing, and other resources. Adverse macroeconomic developments, including inflation, slowing growth, and rising interest rates, could negatively affect our business and financial condition. These developments may impact consumer and small business spending and have other unforeseen consequences. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, and we may make errors or that funds may be misappropriated due to fraud. If we are unable to effectively manage our systems and processes, or if there is an error in our products, we may be unable to process customer data accurately, reliably, and timely, which may harm our reputation and financial results.