The company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as seven segments. The powerful and highly differentiated business model is the core source of value creation and defines how the company creates value for its shareholders. The company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs. The diversified high-quality business portfolio and diligent execution put the company in a position of strength in dealing with the global pandemic. Throughout the global pandemic, the company has focused on protecting the health and supporting the well-being of its colleagues, serving customers with excellence, maintaining financial strength, liquidity, and strategic optionality, and leveraging the company's strengths to position it to fully participate in the recovery. The company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance, which includes implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective high-quality acquisitions to supplement long-term growth potential. The company has made considerable progress on its path to full potential, focusing on core principles such as portfolio discipline and 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence. The company’s decentralized, entrepreneurial culture enables businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive, allowing significant flexibility within the framework of the business model to customize approaches to best serve specific customer needs. The company has demonstrated superior management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns. The company has been able to procure critical raw materials necessary to continue production, but prices for some raw materials have increased significantly, and there is no guarantee that the company will be able to procure critical raw materials in the future without materially adversely impacting operating margins. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The company has experienced supply chain disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the global reaction to geopolitical events, and continued disruptions could adversely affect the company's ability to meet commitments to customers. The company has retained certain liabilities directly or through indemnifications made to buyers against known and unknown contingent liabilities, which could adversely affect financial results. The company’s defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect results of operations and cash flows. The company relies on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, and these technology networks may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns. The company’s business model and unique set of capabilities are a source of strong and enduring competitive advantage, but for the company to truly reach its full potential, every division must also be operating at its full potential. The company continues to focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain full potential performance.