We have been, and may continue to be, affected by supply chain constraints and labor shortages driven by overall macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, largely caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The resulting impacts on the global economy have led to supply chain disruptions and significant inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs, which have impacted our results of operations in the current year and may continue to do so in the future. A failure of supply could occur due to suppliers' financial difficulties, including bankruptcy. Some of these risks may be more acute where the supplier or its plant is located in riskier or less-developed countries or regions. Any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance. We also have a limited number of suppliers for certain strategic raw materials critical to our operations. We may have limited leverage to negotiate with these suppliers, which could negatively affect our operations and the financial performance of our business. In addition, we use a significant amount of energy in our business, and therefore may be significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution business and our use of third-party carriers. An increase in the price, disruption of supply, or shortage in fuel and other energy sources could also increase our suppliers' operating costs and indirectly impact our results of operations. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Some of our competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. Competitive pressures may also cause us to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our ability to increase such prices. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to these changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, our sales and growth could suffer. We have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, as a result of, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions, store closures, or financial hardship. If we do not innovate rapidly and successfully to respond to shifting consumer demands, our business may suffer. We continue to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. Substantial disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur. A disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. Our financial performance will depend in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures. We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution, and other facilities, including expansive investments in manufacturing facilities in Spartanburg, South Carolina; Newbridge, Ireland; and Allentown, Pennsylvania. We depend on a small number of large retailers for a significant portion of our sales. If we are unable to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers, or such customers determine that they need fewer inventories to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from competitors, which would harm our sales and profitability.