The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused substantial global disruptions, which may cause additional disruptions in the future, impacting our ability to timely process components for our products. Shortages or disruption in the supply chain could affect our ability to procure components for our products on a timely basis or at all. We continue to experience constraints in our supply chain, which have required us to plan further ahead and increase our purchase commitments to secure critical components. We monitor our supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps to ensure continuity of supply. Our global operations are dependent upon certain information systems, and any disruptions or difficulties that may occur could adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes. The complexity of our products exposes us to risks, and unexpected product performance issues could result in significant costs incurred by us. We have experienced cyber-related attacks in the past, and are likely to experience cyber-related attacks in the future, which could impact our business directly or indirectly by affecting third parties in the supply chain. Disruption of our manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers due to natural disasters, health epidemics, or other catastrophic events could result in cancellation of orders, delays in deliveries, or loss of customers. We are predominantly uninsured for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war, which could significantly disrupt our operations. We take steps to minimize the damage that would be caused by an earthquake, but there is no certainty that our efforts will prove successful. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and incidents affecting our systems and networks. Our ability to adapt to changes resulting from difficult macroeconomic conditions is critical, and if we fail to respond effectively, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Our management is constantly striving to balance the requirements and demands of our customers with the availability of resources, which may impact our ability to recognize revenue. We are exposed to risks associated with a highly concentrated customer base, which increases our exposure to risks related to the financial condition of each of our customers. Our competitive advantage and future business success depend on our ability to accurately predict evolving industry standards, develop and introduce new products and solutions that successfully address changing customer needs, and manage customer deliveries effectively. We must continue to make significant investments in research and development to enhance the performance, features, and functionality of our products. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. The ongoing changes in the technology industry, particularly in the semiconductor industry, could expose our business to significant risks. If we fail to appropriately adjust our cost structure and operations to adapt to these trends, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely impacted.