Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. Economic disruptions, such as those which occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, or conditions in the business environment generally, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. Furthermore, sustained lower demand for hydrocarbons or changes in the regulatory environment may have a negative impact on the supply of crude oil and other products. Each of the foregoing could negatively impact our business directly, as well as our shippers and other customers, which in turn could negatively impact our prospects for new contracts for transportation, terminaling, or other midstream services. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage, which could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business. The occurrence of various hazards and operating risks inherent to the transportation and storage of the products we handle could result in significant damage to property and natural resources, operational disruptions, and substantial financial losses. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, including a general slowdown of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to fulfill their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties, and significant customer defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business, operations, or financial condition may be negatively impacted as a result of negative public opinion towards our industry sector. Our reputation and public opinion could also be impacted by the actions and activities of other companies operating in the energy industry. Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions, and a breach of information security may adversely affect our business. Hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding, and other natural disasters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These climate-related changes could result in damage to our physical assets, especially operations located in low-lying areas. The timing, severity, and location of these climate change impacts are not known with certainty, and these impacts are expected to manifest themselves over varying time horizons. Our ability to begin and complete expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, and inclement weather. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. Our success depends in part on the performance of and our ability to attract, retain, and effectively manage a skilled executive team. If we are unable to retain current employees or successfully complete knowledge transfer, our business could be negatively impacted. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. Adverse changes in the availability, terms, and cost of capital could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our and our customers' access to capital could be affected by evolving financial institutions' policies concerning businesses linked to fossil fuels.