Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing, licensing, or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development, the introduction of new products, and business development activities to enhance our product pipeline. Delays, uncertainties, unpredictabilities, and inconsistencies in drug approval processes across markets and agencies can result in delays in product launches, lost market opportunity, potential impairment of inventories, and other negative impacts. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or line extensions for existing products, both through our internal efforts and our business development activities, sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products become subject to pricing controls, lose intellectual property exclusivity, or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. We engage in various forms of business development activities to enhance our product pipeline, including licensing arrangements, co-development agreements, co-promotion arrangements, joint ventures, acquisitions, and equity investments. There are substantial risks associated with identifying successful business development targets and consummating related transactions. Increased focus on business combinations in our industry, including by the federal trade commission and competition authorities in Europe and other jurisdictions, and heightened competition for attractive targets has and could continue to delay, jeopardize or increase the costs of our business development activities. In addition, failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or the operations of the businesses, products, or assets we acquire may affect our ability to realize the expected benefits of business development transactions and may result in our incurrence of substantial asset impairment or restructuring charges. We also may fail to generate the expected revenue and pipeline enhancement from business development activities due to developments outside our control, including unsuccessful clinical trials, issues related to the quality, integrity, or broad applicability of data, regulatory impediments, and commercialization challenges. The covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business and operations across markets to varying and fluctuating degrees, including as a result of cost inflation and strain on the global transportation, manufacturing, and labor markets, fewer in-person interactions among patients and healthcare providers and our employees with healthcare professionals in certain markets, pricing pressures, rebates, clawbacks, and other changes in reimbursement policies resulting from the financial strain of the covid-19 pandemic on government-funded healthcare systems, and risks related to our covid-19 therapies. The degree to which the covid-19 pandemic could continue to affect us will depend on developments that are highly uncertain and beyond our knowledge or control. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. Our management continuously evaluates our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements. We anticipate our cash requirements related to ordinary course purchases of goods and services will be consistent with our past levels relative to revenues. We have undertaken compensatory actions to improve retention and address wage inflation, which will increase compensation costs and impact our consolidated results of operations. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines.