We are subject to various risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. These risks could impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate other identified risks, which in turn could adversely affect our organizational health and operational flexibility. Our industry is highly competitive, and our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services. Economic downturns and other global, national, and regional conditions could impact our business and financial results. We are affected by changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies, and geopolitical conditions. These factors could lead to reduced revenues at our managed and franchised hotels, adversely affecting their ability to meet expenses and impacting our financial performance. The impact of COVID-19 on our business has decreased, but we continue to see effects that could impact our resource allocation and operational continuity. Our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination, which could hurt our financial performance and ability to grow. Disagreements with hotel owners may result in arbitration or litigation, potentially leading to significant losses or constraints on our operations. The increased use of third-party internet services to book hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. We are subject to various laws and regulations that may disrupt our business and increase our costs. Compliance programs and internal controls may need to be updated regularly to keep pace with changing laws and regulations. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share and financial condition. Labor disputes and disruptions could harm our relationships with associates and guests, divert management attention, and reduce customer demand for our services. Our ability to attract and retain associates is critical to maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth. Extreme weather and climate change could have a material adverse effect on our business, leading to increased operating costs and reduced demand for lodging. We require comprehensive property and liability insurance, but market forces may limit the scope of coverage available. Our financial condition could be adversely affected if our properties do not generate sufficient revenue to meet operating expenses. We are exposed to risks associated with development and financing, which could limit our ability to grow our management and franchise systems. Our business could suffer if we cannot effectively manage our technology and information systems, which are critical to our operations. Cybersecurity incidents could have adverse effects on our business, including loss of consumer confidence and increased costs. Changes in privacy and data security laws could increase our operating costs and exposure to litigation. Our ability to develop new guests and customers could be impaired if access to marketing lists is restricted. We monitor capital market conditions and evaluate their potential impact on our operations. Our liquidity needs are supported by our credit facility and access to capital markets, which we believe remain adequate. We continue to seek opportunities to minimize capital invested in our business through selective asset sales and investments.