Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. The uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal disputes might harm our business and reputation even if the matter ultimately is favorably resolved. We experience costly legal disputes, government actions, and adverse publicity regarding our role in distributing controlled substances such as opioids. The outcome of legal disputes is difficult to predict, and outcomes may occur that we believe are not justified by the evidence or existing law. We might experience losses not covered by insurance or indemnification. We seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage, but coverages on acceptable terms might be unavailable, or coverages might not cover our losses. We are subject to extensive, complex, and challenging healthcare, environmental, and other laws that could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the company to litigation and regulatory investigations. We might not realize expected benefits from business process initiatives that might result in significant charges and expenses, failures to achieve our desired objectives, or unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees. Our ability to grow our businesses will depend on hiring and retaining talented individuals with necessary knowledge and skills, acquiring, developing, and implementing new technologies and capabilities, and successfully competing against providers of similar services. We might be adversely impacted by changes or disruptions in product supply and have difficulties in sourcing or selling products due to a variety of causes. We continue to monitor and address the impacts on our supply chain which were initially related to the COVID-19 pandemic. We utilize business continuity action planning to maintain and protect operations across all locations and facilities. Our participation in vaccination distribution programs may materially affect our operating results, reputation, and business. We might be adversely affected by events outside of our control, including widespread public health issues, natural disasters, political events, and other catastrophic events. These events can disrupt operations for us, our suppliers, our vendors, and our customers. We bear losses incurred as a result of physical damage to or destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory due to unusual ambient temperatures, and business interruption due to weather events. We might be adversely impacted by changes in our relationships or contracts with suppliers, and we attempt to structure our pharmaceutical distribution agreements with manufacturers to ensure that we are appropriately and predictably compensated for the services we provide. Our contracts with government entities involve future funding and compliance risks, and we are subject to government audits, investigations, and oversight proceedings. We might be adversely impacted by competition and industry consolidation, which might reduce the number of market participants and give the remaining enterprises greater bargaining power. We might experience significant problems with information systems or networks that could result in injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, and increased expense. We might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions, and we recognize liabilities for tax and related interest for issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and related interest will be due.