You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events, and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity, and financial condition. We believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, but these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, compliance with laws affecting operations outside of the United States, increased sovereign risk, and changes or inconsistencies in local regulations and laws. Increased political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, and public health risks or pandemics could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. The nature and degree of the various risks we face can differ significantly among our regions and businesses. All of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, stock price, and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees in the short or long term. We continue to proactively manage our business in response to the evolving global economic environment and related uncertainty and business risks while also prioritizing and supporting our employees and customers. We monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases; however, our mitigation activities may not always be effective. The war in Ukraine has materially disrupted commodity markets and is contributing to supply chain disruption and inflation, which heightens many of the other risks described in this filing. We cannot predict or respond to all impacts on a timely basis to prevent near- or long-term adverse impacts to our results. Our operations are subject to risks related to unanticipated business disruptions, including natural disasters, labor shortages, and cybersecurity incidents. Failure to effectively prepare for and respond to disruptions can cause delays in delivering products to our customers and negatively affect the quality and safety of our products. We must attract, hire, retain, and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We could fail to develop adequate succession plans for leadership positions or hire and retain a workforce with the skills needed to operate and grow our business. We are experiencing an increasingly tight and competitive labor market, and a sustained labor shortage could lead to increased costs and affect our ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing facilities. Our growth strategy depends on our ability to expand operations in emerging markets, which expose us to political, economic, and regulatory risks. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives may be negatively impacted by operational and financial instability of our key suppliers and other vendors. We are subject to risks related to complying with changes in laws and regulations, which could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.