The company's results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade, geopolitical, and other external conditions. The company operates in more than 70 countries and derives approximately 60 percent of its revenues from outside the United States, and, accordingly, the company's operations and the execution of its business strategies and plans are subject to global competition and economic and geopolitical risks that are beyond its control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns, military conflicts, and public health emergencies such as COVID-19. Unexpected events, such as those related to the COVID-19 public health crisis, may increase the company's cost of doing business and disrupt the company's operations. The global pandemic associated with COVID-19 has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty, impacting the company's operations, including its supply chain and its manufacturing and distribution capabilities. The company is impacted by unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism, public health crises, civil unrest, natural disasters, and severe weather, which have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the company's operations and financial performance. The company employs information technology systems to support its business and collect, store, and use proprietary and confidential information, and security and data breaches, cyberattacks, and other cybersecurity incidents could disrupt or interfere with the company's operations. The company's increased adoption of remote working introduces additional threats and risk of disruptions to its information technology networks and infrastructure. The company is subject to risks related to international, federal, state, and local treaties, laws, and regulations, as well as compliance risks related to legal or regulatory requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's ability to execute its strategy and its results of operations. The company's future results may be affected by its operational execution, including scenarios where the company generates fewer productivity improvements than planned. The company utilizes various tools, such as continuous improvement, to improve productivity and reduce expenses and engages in ongoing global business transformation to improve operational efficiency. The company recognizes that the ability to adapt to business model and other changes, including responding to evolving customer needs and service expectations, are important, and if not done successfully, could negatively impact the company's ability to win new business and enhance revenue. The company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and changes to its organizational structure, which could affect future results. The company has committed to a plan to exit PFAS manufacturing by the end of 2025, which involves risks, including the actual timing, costs, and financial impact of such exit. The company also faces liabilities related to certain fluorochemicals, which could adversely impact results. The company's operations and financial performance are subject to various risks, including those related to supply chain disruptions, regulatory developments, and the evolving external landscape, which necessitate ongoing assessment and adaptation strategies to maintain resilience in the face of adversity.