The company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements, and as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. We rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable, our business could suffer. We continue to prioritize ensuring product availability for our customers and consumers, which has remained in place throughout global supply chain challenges and disruptions. The COVID-19 pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted our business, and the duration and severity of this impact will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain. Our continued expansion outside of the United States exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets. We face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including economic and/or political instability in our international markets, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits. The impact of global or regional catastrophic events could affect our operations and our ability to grow our business. Our business is subject to seasonality, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results. We rely on our breweries for production of our alcohol beverages, and developments negatively affecting production at such facilities could materially impact the financial results of our alcohol brands segment. Our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors, could adversely affect our business and financial results. The beverage industry is highly competitive, and our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by numerous domestic and international manufacturers. The success of our innovation depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. We recognize that obesity and alcohol abuse are complex public health problems. Our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. Our growth strategy includes further developing our domestic markets, expanding our international business, and growing our business into new sectors, such as the alcohol beverage sector. We continue to incur expenditures in connection with the development and introduction of new products and flavors. The principal focus of cost management will continue to be on mitigating increases and/or reducing input procurement and production costs on a per-case basis. We believe that our strategic positioning will capitalize on industry growth and that we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages to retain and expand our market share. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that appeal to consumers. The impact of uncertainties and volatility in our domestic and international economic markets could negatively affect both the stability of our industry and our company. We believe that the key value drivers of our business include international growth, profitable growth, and efficient capital structure, all of which are essential to maintaining organizational resilience in a competitive landscape.