Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and may materially affect actual results. We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and purchase behavior, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully among our premium and discount brands and broaden our product portfolios across price points and categories, including by bringing to market new and innovative tobacco products that appeal to adult tobacco consumers. We face significant competition, and our failure to compete effectively could negatively impact profitability, market share, and shipment volume. Our growth strategies involving innovative products may have reduced health risks relative to certain other tobacco products, while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. We regularly evaluate potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, joint ventures, and investments in third parties. The success of any such transaction is dependent upon our ability to realize the expected benefits of the transaction in the expected time frame or at all. Furthermore, following the completion of a transaction, there may be certain financial, managerial, staffing, and operational risks. Significant changes in price, availability, or quality of tobacco, other raw materials, or component parts could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and business. Current macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability are causing worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains and commercial markets, which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials, ingredients, and component parts. Additionally, challenging economic conditions can create the risk that our suppliers, distributors, logistics providers, or other third-party partners suffer financial or operational difficulties, which may impact their ability to provide us with or distribute finished product, raw materials, and component parts in a timely manner. Our operating companies rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors, and distribution chain service providers, and an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor, or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may be required to write down intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could significantly disrupt our ability to operate our businesses in the ordinary course. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining a highly skilled and diverse workforce may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and other factors. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes, and we expect potential fluctuations in discount product share for cigarettes and MST products as price-sensitive adult tobacco consumers react to their economic conditions. We will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments, and vision as the trends and developments evolve.