We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us. Climate risk is interconnected with other risk types, including geopolitical risks, and we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies. The BRC oversees firmwide risks, which include climate risk, and receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches towards scenario analysis and integration of climate risk into our existing risk management processes. Our climate risk management efforts are overseen by the climate risk committee, which shapes our approach to managing climate-related risks in line with our overall risk framework. We have established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. We monitor collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements and require customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The firm has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our risk management framework integrates diverse roles into a holistic enterprise structure and facilitates the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the firm. The firm's risk appetite defines the aggregate level and types of risk that the firm is willing to accept to achieve its business objectives, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. The firm has a comprehensive suite of risk limits and quantitative metrics to support and implement our risk appetite statement. Our risk limits framework provides the basis for monitoring risk-taking activity and avoiding outsized risk taking. The firm utilizes a variety of risk mitigation strategies, including diversification of risk exposures and hedging, to manage market risk associated with trading activities. We actively hedge our lending and derivatives exposures and enter into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties to mitigate credit risk. The evaluation of corporate and institutional counterparties and borrowers includes assigning credit ratings, which reflect an assessment of an obligor's probability of default and loss given default. The firm is committed to continuous review and enhancement of risk management practices to ensure operational continuity and organizational resilience in the face of environmental perturbations and unexpected situations.