Our business operations, and the operations of our customers and suppliers, are subject to interruption by natural disasters, the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases and pandemics, such as the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, and other events beyond our control. Any of these events could impair our ability to manage our business and/or cause disruption of economic activity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and stock price. We have experienced significant impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruptions in our supply chain, particularly with respect to difficulties and delays in procuring semiconductor components and disruptions to transportation. We continue to monitor supply chain disruptions and remain focused on improving our supplier network, engineering alternative designs, and actively managing our inventory in an effort to minimize supply chain disruptions and enable continuity of supply and services to our customers. We believe our augmentation of LMR with broadband solutions will also drive growth, as we expect our customers will look to integrate valuable data capabilities. We expect to provide additional services to existing LMR customers as communication networks become more complex, software-centric, and data-driven. Our strategy is to generate value through the integration of critical communications, video security, access control, and data and analytics. We strive to design the LMR networks our customers rely on for availability, security, and resiliency. We have a comprehensive approach to system upgrades that addresses hardware, software, and implementation services. Our mission-critical cloud-based LMR technology is also available "as-a-service" with a multi-year subscription, which increases resiliency and system reliability to help ensure users remain connected, even in natural disasters where physical communications infrastructure can be damaged. We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, envisioning a future in which AI operating in our products and services will help our public safety and private sector customers build safer communities with stronger communication platforms. Our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum, and the availability of additional radio spectrum may provide new business opportunities. Conversely, the loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. We are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety, and environmental product compliance and remediation laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business. Compliance with such existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, and restrict what products and services we can offer. We expect continued growth within our global LMR installed base as a number of events such as natural disasters and large-scale incidents continue to reinforce the importance of having secure, reliable LMR for public safety. Our existing balances of cash and cash equivalents, along with other short-term liquidity arrangements, will continue to be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations. We believe our integrated products and services for public and enterprise safety can enable strong collaboration by removing system silos, simplifying management, and automating workflows. We continue to assess our operating expenses and identify cost-reducing initiatives, including lower travel costs and reducing our real estate footprint.