The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions, current or expected inflation, interest rate fluctuations, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, pandemics, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders, and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. Poor economic conditions may result in a reduction in the demand for our products and services, including our market technology, data, indexes, and corporate solutions, or could result in a decline in the number of IPOs, reduced trading volumes or values, and deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies. Additionally, our market platforms businesses receive revenues from a relatively small number of customers concentrated in the financial industry, so any event that impacts one or more customers or the financial industry in general could impact our revenues. System limitations or failures could harm our business. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We could experience a systems failure due to human error, electrical or telecommunications failures, hardware or software failures, cyberattacks, sabotage, or similar unexpected events. These consequences could result in service outages, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer satisfaction, litigation, and regulatory sanctions. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We may allocate significant amounts of cash and other resources to product technologies or business models for which market demand is lower than anticipated. The introduction of new products by competitors, the emergence of new industry standards, or the development of entirely new technologies to replace existing product offerings could render our existing or future products obsolete. We have disaster recovery and business continuity plans and capabilities for critical systems and business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. Any interruption in our critical business functions or systems could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. We rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, cloud, data storage and processing, and other services. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We face risks related to compliance with economic sanctions, export controls, corruption, and money laundering. Our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit, and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. The sophisticated software we sell to our customers may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may be discovered only after delivery.