If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. The ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic disrupted our business, increased our costs, led to delays in content releases and may again impact our business and results of operations. We cannot predict the future impacts of this ongoing and any new pandemic(s), including disruptions or restrictions on our employees' ability to work and travel, and any stoppages, disruptions or increased costs associated with our development, production, post-production, marketing and distribution of original programming. Future disruptions arising from the ongoing and any new pandemics could have a significant negative impact on our costs of doing business and otherwise negatively impact our results of operations. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our new ad-supported subscription plan, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing, technology and other services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series, documentaries, feature films and mobile games. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. We may not be successful in overcoming risks associated with acquisitions or investments, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. We may also face potential liability for content used in promoting our service, including marketing materials. We may decide to remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, or could be damaging to our brand or business. We may not be able to manage change and growth effectively, and if we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members. The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change, and we may not be able to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices, and if we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted. We are subject to payment processing risk, and if we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The ongoing and any new pandemics could have a significant negative impact on our costs of doing business and otherwise negatively impact our results of operations. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations, including content production, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities.