Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business, and changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, which could introduce inefficiencies and result in financial damages. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs can negatively impact our business and programs. The U.S. government continues to face an uncertain and changing political environment, along with substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding. The budget and macroeconomic environment, political instability, and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes remain significant risks. If annual appropriations bills are not timely enacted, we may face a prolonged government shutdown that could limit our ability to perform on our contracts and successfully compete for new work. The global macroeconomic environment has experienced extraordinary challenges, including high rates of inflation, widespread disruptions in supply chains, and workforce challenges, which have adversely impacted our customers, our industry, and our company. We continue to work proactively to mitigate these challenges; however, if we are unable to do so successfully, our financial position could be materially adversely affected. We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, leading to business slowdowns, labor shortages, and supply chain challenges. We have experienced cyber attacks and expect to continue to experience additional attacks in the future, including from nation states and criminal actors. We continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and products and to enhance our internal controls and processes. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. We continue to face increased competition for talent, both with traditional defense companies and commercial companies globally. Disruptions or performance problems with our subcontractors or suppliers, unanticipated cost growth, and failure to meet regulatory or contractual requirements have had and may continue to have various adverse impacts on the company. Environmental impacts, including climate change, create short and long-term financial risks to our business globally. We are working to identify opportunities to utilize alternatives to fossil-based energy sources and to ensure our compliance with environmental regulations. Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including geopolitical and economic factors, laws and regulations. Our operations are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, and compliance requires significant operating and capital costs. The determination of projected benefit obligations and pension expense requires the use of estimates and actuarial assumptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. We are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, and lawsuits that arise in the ordinary course of business, and estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment. The occurrence and impact of these various risks are difficult to predict, but one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.