The risks set forth in the risk factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Our inability to comply with the requirements of existing or updated laws, regulations, or executive orders that govern our operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Pandemics, epidemics, or endemic diseases could further negatively impact us, our customers, our supply chain, and our operations, affecting business continuity if a significant number of our essential employees are quarantined or if governmental orders prevent our employees or critical suppliers from working. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations, and while we maintain comprehensive security programs, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect, and integrate our information technology systems, which are critical for operational continuity. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency, and we have experienced and may again experience capacity constraints related to employee or equipment shortages, increased demand for rail services, severe weather, and congestion. Our ability to provide rail service depends on a functioning global supply chain and maintaining collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. We may be negatively affected by terrorism or war, which could cause significant business interruption. Severe weather and disasters have caused, and could again cause, significant business interruptions and expenditures, as climate change is expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions. Negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the freight we carry, and volatility in energy prices could significantly affect demand for transportation services. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, including a sufficient number of craft employees to enable us to efficiently conduct our operations. The renegotiation of labor agreements or any strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations. We are focused on providing reliable and resilient service and delivering smart sustainable revenue growth that will deliver long-term value to our customers and shareholders. Throughout the year, we focused on efforts to increase our network fluidity and improve service for our customers, which included hiring new conductors in a tight labor market and evolving our operating plan. We believe that our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining organizational resilience. Our strategic initiatives aim to enhance operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures and disruptions, ensuring that we can maintain performance under pressure and recover from unexpected situations.