The acquisition of investment properties may be subject to competitive pressures, and we face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential clients could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new clients, re-lease space, collect rent, or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing clients and attract new clients, oversupply of space, and changes in market rental rates. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our operations and is expected to continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Factors contributing to the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic include operational limitations at properties operated by our clients resulting from government action, reduced economic activity, customer traffic, consumer confidence or discretionary spending, and difficulties with supply chain disruptions. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and jurisdictions outside the U.S. The impact of climate change could adversely affect our business through chronic and acute perils, including extreme weather and rising sea levels, which may result in physical damage to our properties and may impact consumer behaviors, preferences, and spending for our clients. We seek to promote effective energy efficiency and sustainability strategies, and compliance with laws related to climate change could result in significant capital expenditures. Our business is subject to risks associated with the ownership of real estate, including adverse changes in economic conditions, competition, changes in interest rates, and property damage. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, or other unexpected events may negatively affect our operations and the market price of our capital stock. We are subject to cyber-attacks and security incidents, which threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and information resources. The risk of a cybersecurity breach has generally increased, particularly as remote working has become more common. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our business operations, and disruptions in financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity are sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. However, we cannot assure you that we will have access to capital markets at all times and at terms that are acceptable to us. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. If events occur that require us to reduce the carrying value of our real estate by recording provisions for impairment, they could have a material impact on our results of operations.