Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. The occurrence of operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions could affect adversely our business results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and NGL gathering, transportation, and distribution pipelines, storage facilities, and processing and fractionation facilities, which include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, damage by third parties, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, and the performance of facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including damage to our assets or service interruptions. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if our operational systems fail as a result of an inadvertent error or by deliberate tampering with or manipulation of our operational systems. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. The volatility of natural gas, crude oil, and NGL prices could affect adversely our earnings and cash flows. The impact of inflationary pressures, including increased interest rates, may increase our capital expenditures and operating costs, raise the cost of capital or depress economic growth. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, quarterly cash dividends, capital expenditures, and maturities of long-term debt. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. We are reliant on others to provide administrative, operating, and management services for certain of our joint-venture assets. Our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks. A shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity and competitive costs. Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. We have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. Cybersecurity, physical security, and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems, and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Our ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment, and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is critical. The mechanical integrity of facilities and pipelines operated is essential to our operational resilience. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually as of July 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows and short- and long-term debt. The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. The occurrence of operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions could affect adversely our business results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.