Our future results of operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost, and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities. We may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage our relationship with clients, decrease our potential profitability, and expose us to liability. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather and has been successful; however, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions. We rely on a number of third-party service providers, and failure by these service providers to deliver their services in a timely manner could result in material interruptions to our operations. We may be exposed to additional risks related to our co-employment relationship within our PEO business. Our business, results of operations, and financial condition may continue to be impacted by COVID-19 and other macroeconomic events, and such impact could be materially adverse. The global spread of COVID-19 created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption. We remain committed to proactively supporting our clients through any lingering uncertainties of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigating the challenges of the future business environment. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery. The rapid speed of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities, and internet disruptions may outpace our organization's ability to compete and manage risk appropriately. We continually evaluate the nature and extent of changes to the market and economic conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and assess the potential impact on our business and financial position. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe these investments are critical to our success and will enhance our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.