The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. The company has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. These involve the continuing development of compliant clean diesel powertrains and the design, manufacture, and sale of alternative powertrain commercial vehicles. The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by the success of the company's research and development programs, customer demand for alternative powertrain vehicles, advancements in technology, and the ability of the supply chain to deliver components. The company believes its current strategies, programs, and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers, and suppliers. The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against disruptions, including conducting third-party penetration tests and implementing software detection and prevention tools. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access, and data loss. The company's global operations are exposed to political, economic, and other risks and events beyond its control, including political instabilities, natural calamities, and pandemics. The company continues to monitor the situation closely regarding the conflict in Ukraine and its potential impact on energy supplies in Europe. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic decreased over the course of 2022 but still caused disruptions to the global supply chain, particularly the undersupply of component parts and semiconductor chips. A recurrence of a severe COVID-19 strain could cause industry capacity constraints on suppliers, necessitating facility slowdowns or shutdowns. The company expects to continue to significantly invest in technologies to improve fuel efficiency for its customers, which would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The company has established its science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement and continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations. The company believes its policies, practices, and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations. The company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired and share similar risk characteristics on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses based on historical loss information, current market conditions, and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions that affect collectability. The company continues to focus on maintaining low past due balances and has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its portfolio segments. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings.