The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, which has adversely affected demand for our products and our global business. Our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences is critical for maintaining demand. Disruptions to our business operations, including our supply chain, can negatively impact product availability and decrease demand if our crisis management plans do not effectively mitigate these issues. We face challenges in maintaining a positive reputation globally, which is critical to selling our products, and any failure to maintain high ethical, business, and environmental practices can damage our reputation. Our business requires that we attract, develop, and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, and any unplanned turnover or sustained labor shortage can deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage. The retail landscape continues to evolve, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters. We are subject to risks in international operations, including unstable economic, political, and social conditions, which may impact our ability to effectively manage operations in these markets. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations that may affect our business and consider actions to mitigate any unfavorable impacts. Our strategic initiatives, including the pep+ framework, aim to transform our business operations and enhance resilience through sustainability and human capital. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks that evolve over time, and we leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, and address these risks. The board oversees our risk management framework, which includes assessing risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, and supply chain and commodity inflation. The pepsico risk committee meets regularly to report progress on our risk mitigation efforts, and division and key market risk committees focus on identifying and addressing specific business risks. We have experienced and could continue to experience disruption in our manufacturing operations and supply chain due to various factors, including civil unrest, political instability, and commodity price volatility. Our reliance on third-party service providers can also adversely affect our business if these providers fail to meet their contractual obligations. Climate change poses physical risks to our facilities and may impair our production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, or impact demand for our products. We are committed to building a circular and inclusive value chain and achieving net-zero emissions by 2040. Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations, and failure to comply can result in significant costs and adverse effects on our business. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in the markets we serve to identify actions to mitigate unfavorable impacts on our future results.