This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather, and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The negotiating power of managed care organizations and other private third-party payers has increased due to consolidation, and they increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs. Competitive product launches may erode future sales of our products, and we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products. Our approach to business arrangements may also be informed by government and industry guidance. The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed, and desired outcome will be achieved. We may fail to correctly identify indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets, and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility, and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; and other restrictive government actions. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. Additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payers, distributors, customers, suppliers, and service providers to perform their obligations under agreements with us. We could encounter difficulties, delays, or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing, and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shutdowns, work stoppages, or strikes. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers, and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, and proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement. Our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales, increased costs, and volatility in foreign exchange rates.