Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our systems, facilities, and business functions, as well as the operation of various third-party systems. The shut-down, disruption, degradation, or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. System redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Catastrophe events that affect one of our larger office locations or critical communications facilities may heighten this risk. The occurrence of a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber-attack could have a material adverse effect on our business results, prospects, and liquidity. Our ability to develop and implement innovative products and services that are accepted and valued by our customers is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. The increasing reliance on third-party systems and the development of new modes of communication create significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent is critical to our success, and our success depends on our ability to adjust claims accurately and to deploy claims resources appropriately and in a cost-effective manner. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and our ability to implement business plans while complying with these laws and regulations is critical to our success. The pace of change in regulatory requirements increases the risk of non-compliance, which could adversely affect our business. Our long-term business strategy and efforts to acquire or develop new products may not be successful and may create enhanced risks. The potential effects of an epidemic, pandemic, or other widespread health risk could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors, including our ability to access capital markets at favorable rates if needed. Our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address the business challenges that we confront as these issues develop. Our financial condition may be adversely affected if one or more parties with which we enter into significant contracts become insolvent or experience other financial difficulties. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in consolidation within the industry, which could significantly increase the level of competition in a manner that is not favorable to us. Our success depends on our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives. The realization of one or more risks may result in our pricing being based on inadequate or inaccurate data or inappropriate analyses, which could negatively affect our underwriting profit margins. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves, and there is inherent uncertainty in the process of establishing these reserves. The frequency, severity, duration, and geographic location of severe weather events are inherently unpredictable and may adversely affect our financial results. Our business could be materially adversely affected by a security breach or other attack involving our technology systems or the systems of one or more of our vendors. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience.