The following "risk factors" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance. Business and operational risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance. Our business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions. Future macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our distributors, customers, and suppliers. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime have posed and could continue to pose a risk to our information technology systems, and a disruption to or breach in the security of such systems could have adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the risks and negative impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be temporary or successful. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and its ultimate duration, severity, and disruption to our business, customers, and supply chain cannot be accurately forecasted at this time. Our operations necessitate the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, subject us to various laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. We regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. The company commits significant resources to identify, develop, and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings could be materially adversely affected. Our future success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products. The company is a global leader in motion and control technologies. By aligning around our purpose, enabling engineering breakthroughs that lead to a better tomorrow, we are better positioned for the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow. Our shared values shape our culture and our interactions with stakeholders and the communities in which we operate. We believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available. We are managing the challenging supply chain environment through our "local for local" manufacturing strategy, ongoing supplier management process, and broadened supply base. We are also managing the inflationary cost environment through a variety of cost and pricing measures, including continuous improvement and lean initiatives. We continue to prioritize the safety of our team members. Our actions have varied depending on the spread of COVID-19 in the communities in which we operate and the needs of our employees, customers, and business. The company has access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, or other contractually imposed controls. Despite our use of reasonable and appropriate controls, security breaches, theft, or employee errors could lead to the compromise or improper use of such sensitive data.