The outbreak of the global covid-19 pandemic in 2020 has created significant societal and economic disruption, and resulted in the closures of stores, factories and offices, and restrictions on manufacturing, distribution and travel, all of which have and may continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards may not be effective to mitigate the ongoing or potential impact of covid-19 or other epidemics, endemics, or pandemics. The significant adverse effect of an epidemic, endemic or pandemic on the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate could result in changes to the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities; and restrictions resulting from international regulations. We cannot predict the outcome of those investigations or whether additional investigations may be commenced, and it is possible that our business could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of pending or future investigations. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volumes for our products in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, "illicit whites" and legal cross-border purchases. Significant regulatory developments will continue to take place over the next few years in most of our markets, driven principally by the FCTC. Our financial results could be materially affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. We are subject to intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. The conflict also continues to elevate the likelihood of supply chain disruptions, both in the region and globally, and may inhibit our ability to timely source materials and services needed to make and sell our products. We are committed to developing resilience strategies to navigate these challenges and maintain operational continuity. Our key strategic priorities are to develop and commercialize products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to those products versus continued smoking. We must effectively advocate for a timely development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products, including communication of scientifically substantiated information to enable adult smokers to make better consumer choices. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Climate change could influence the quality and volume of the agricultural products we rely on, including tobacco, due to a number of factors beyond our control, including more frequent variations in weather patterns, extreme weather events causing unexpected downtime and inventory losses, and governmental restrictions on trade. Our business continuity plans might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact.