We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance risk-taking with revenue generation and profitability. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers and talented employees. We are subject to operational risks as a result of our dependence on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees and internal systems and on third-party vendors, service providers, and other counterparties over whom we do not have direct control. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions, including the impacts of the pandemic and responsive measures to manage it, high inflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in labor markets, and geopolitical tensions. These conditions may not abate in the near term, and their continuation could materially adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning, which includes our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. We have established risk management processes to help manage these risks, including business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs designed to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to manage our capabilities to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. We are also subject to risks related to the selection of accounting methods, inaccurate estimates and assumptions, and risks related to poorly designed and implemented models that are extensively used in our business. Our risk management may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature, and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to mitigate third-party risk, but our ability to implement these measures with respect to third-party systems is necessarily limited. We are vulnerable to the risk of third-party breaches of data security affecting the functioning of systems or the confidentiality of information, either at PNC or at third parties handling PNC information. We have devoted significant resources toward improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We strive to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning, and stress testing processes. Our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans.