In addition to the other information in our annual report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the company. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results. We are subject to risks from the consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, as well as the transition to a low-carbon economy and other steps taken to prevent or mitigate climate change. Our self-storage facilities are located in areas that may be subject to the direct impacts of climate change, such as increased destructive weather events like floods, fires, and drought, which could result in significant damage to our facilities, increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, reduced revenues, or reduced demand for our facilities. Indirect impacts of climate change could also adversely impact our business, including through increased costs, such as insurance costs or regulatory compliance costs. We have undertaken a number of initiatives to reduce emissions and energy consumption, water usage, and waste, including through our Property of Tomorrow program, which has already resulted in investment of approximately $370 million in improvements through December 31, 2022. These initiatives are part of our commitment to sustainability in our business operations and are aimed at enhancing our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures. Our development program subjects us to risks, including delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, which could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities, which may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities. Our ability to raise capital on attractive terms to fund our activities may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions, including high interest rates resulting from government efforts to manage inflation. We have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by emergency regulations adopted in response to significant events, such as natural disasters or public health crises, that could adversely impact our operations. Our business is subject to risks from public health and other crises like the COVID-19 pandemic, including negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage. We believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities, and we have significant access to sources of capital including debt and preferred equity. Our marketing and pricing strategies may fail to be effective or may be constrained by factors outside of our control, which could significantly impact our financial results. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. Our failure to modernize and adopt advancements in information technology may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives. We continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties, and our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations. Our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute our taxable income, and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT. Future acquisition volume will depend upon whether additional owners will be motivated to market their facilities, which will depend upon factors such as economic conditions and the level of seller confidence.