The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We take precautions to ensure and enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions. However, our operations are also subject to hazards inherent in chemicals, refining, and midstream businesses, such as explosions, fires, and pipeline releases. The inability to operate facilities or assets due to these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture, process, store, or transport products. Our financial results are affected by changing commodity prices and margins for refined petroleum, petrochemical, and plastics products, which are subject to numerous factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply and demand. Sustained or prolonged declines in commodity prices and margins may adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, access to capital markets, and our ability to fund our capital priorities. The prices for crude oil and refined petroleum products can fluctuate based on market conditions, which can reduce margins and have a significant impact on our operations. Our midstream business is affected by the price of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, and NGL, which have historically been volatile. Decreases in energy prices can decrease drilling activity, production rates, and investments by third parties. Our operations could also be impacted by public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, such as COVID-19, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. The demand for crude oil and other refined products was significantly reduced during the pandemic, and future widespread health crises could materially impact our business. We face competition from refining and marketing competitors that produce their own feedstocks and have greater financial resources, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. Our growth strategy is dependent on our ability to capture growth opportunities in the midstream and chemicals segments, and our plans for future performance are subject to risks associated with societal and political pressures. We are committed to operating excellence, which guides everything we do, and we strive for continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability, and cost efficiency. Our strategic initiatives include optimizing utilization rates and product yield at our refineries through reliable and safe operations. We have implemented a multi-year business transformation initiative focused on identifying and implementing opportunities to improve our cost structure enterprise-wide. Our commitment to protecting the environment and reducing our environmental footprint throughout our operations is paramount. We are also focused on attracting, developing, and retaining individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and support our values and culture. We encourage collaboration throughout our company while valuing differences and creating a great place to work. Our ability to effectively identify and respond to risks, including those associated with climate change and regulatory changes, is essential for maintaining our operational resilience and ensuring long-term success.