Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including operational hazards that can result in significant liabilities, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. The nature of our business exposes us to warranty, engineering, and other related claims, and we can incur liabilities or suffer negative financial or reputational impacts due to health and safety matters. Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. Our operations are inherently hazardous and subject to extensive laws and regulations relating to the maintenance of safe conditions in the workplace. We have invested substantial resources in our occupational health and safety programs; however, there can be no assurance that we will avoid significant liability exposure. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. The demand for labor resources has continued to increase in response to the increasing duration and complexity of customer capital budgets. Our decentralized management infrastructure could negatively impact our business, as it contributes to the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting key business matters. The lack of timely access to information may also impact the quality of decision-making by management. Our business is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could negatively affect our business. We cannot be certain that we will maintain or enhance our competitive position or maintain our current customer base. Our industries are served by numerous companies, from small, owner-operated private companies to large multi-national, public companies. We also face competition from the in-house service organizations of our existing or prospective customers, which are capable of performing some of the same types of services we provide. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs if we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. Our financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that may differ from actual results. We may fail to adequately recover on contract change orders or claims brought by us against customers. The loss of business from certain significant customers could have a material effect on our business. We are subject to various specific regulatory regimes and requirements that could result in significant compliance costs and liabilities. Our collective bargaining agreements generally require us to participate with other companies in multiemployer pension plans, and we may be subject to substantial liabilities if we withdraw or are deemed to withdraw from the plan or the plan is terminated. Our business and operating results are subject to physical risks associated with climate change, and changes in climate have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, significant impacts on our future operating results. Our inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may adversely impact our growth, and the success of our acquisition strategy depends on our ability to successfully integrate the operations of the acquired businesses with our existing operations and realize the anticipated benefits from the acquired businesses. We extend credit to customers for purchases of our services and enter into other arrangements with certain of our customers, which subjects us to potential credit or investment risk. The timing and volume of work we perform and our performance with respect to ongoing projects and services can vary significantly, which can adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.