We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. The risks include those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may adversely affect our manufacturing and supply chain operations, research and development efforts, commercial operations, and sales force. The pandemic has resulted in various restrictions and mandates that could disrupt our business and delay our clinical programs and development timelines. Our ability to manufacture products may be impaired if any of our manufacturing activities are found to infringe patents of others, and third-party service or supply failures could adversely affect our ability to supply our products. We rely on limited internal and contracted manufacturing and supply chain capacity, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and advance our clinical pipeline. Expanding our manufacturing capacity and establishing fill/finish capabilities will be costly and may not be achieved in a timely manner, which could delay or prevent the successful commercialization of our products. We are also dependent on our key personnel, and our business may be harmed if we cannot recruit and retain leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business, as our operations are increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems. Our business activities have been, and may in the future be, challenged under U.S. federal or state and foreign healthcare laws, which may subject us to civil or criminal proceedings, investigations, or penalties. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under the Medicaid drug rebate program or other governmental pricing programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties, sanctions, and fines. We face risks related to the personal data we collect, process, and share, which are regulated by data privacy laws in applicable jurisdictions. Our operations outside the United States are subject to risks related to unfamiliar foreign laws or regulatory requirements, changes in political or economic conditions, and fluctuations in the value of foreign currency. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products and obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, which may require additional funding in the future. Our financial condition is subject to various risks, including the potential need for additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable terms. We may also incur additional debt in the future, which could limit our ability to access capital markets and incur additional debt. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Our investments are subject to risks and other external factors that may result in losses or affect the liquidity of these investments. We rely on collaborations with third parties for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products, and if these collaborators fail to perform adequately, our business could be adversely affected.