Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and our future growth is likely to depend to some degree on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. We intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. Acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services, and products of the acquired companies. We rely on information and technology, including third-party cloud computing platforms, for many of our business operations, which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process, and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and suppliers. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Cyberattacks, configuration or human error, and other external hazards could result in operational disruption. We seek to deploy measures to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cyber threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability management, incident response, and maintenance of resilient backup and recovery capabilities. Our customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and services, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, and operational disruption. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments or to pay interest on, or refinance, our indebtedness will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of business with our large customers. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. To remain competitive, we must develop new products, respond to new technologies, and enhance our existing products in a timely manner. Our ability to service our indebtedness could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged economic slowdown or recession. We continue to closely monitor the impact of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business, including how it has and will impact our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors, and business partners. The COVID-19 global pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, which may continue to affect our business operations. The effects of the pandemic have created and exacerbated challenges with the attraction and retention of talent. Our ability to obtain products or services from certain suppliers and to operate at certain locations have been and may continue to be impacted. We are exposed to the risk that third parties to various arrangements who owe us money or goods and services will not be able to perform their obligations or continue to place orders due to insolvency or financial distress. Changes to our executive leadership team and any future loss of members of such team could harm our operating results. Leadership transitions can cause uncertainty or disruption to our business. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the company to achieve its goals or comply with laws and regulations could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the company and materially adversely affect the company's business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price.