This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The environmental services industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices, or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively. Our ability to manage growth and execute our growth strategy is critical, as our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. We may not be able to find and train qualified personnel or expand our operations and systems to the extent required. Severe weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, could impair our financial results by causing increased costs, loss of revenue, reduced operational efficiency, or disruptions to our operations. Our operations could be adversely impacted by extreme weather events, changing weather patterns, and rising mean temperature and sea levels, some of which we are already experiencing. We are committed to reducing our absolute scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 35% by 2030 among other sustainability goals. The execution of our plans and achievement of our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, including our ability to develop, obtain, license, or scale the innovations, technologies, and modeling and measurement tools that may be necessary to achieve our plans. Our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. If our capital efficiency programs cannot offset the effect of inflation and business growth, it may be necessary to increase the amount we spend. We may not be able to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our facilities, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits required for our operations because permits to operate new landfills, transfer stations, and other facilities, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. Responding to these challenges has, at times, increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new landfills, transfer stations, and other facilities and expanding existing facilities. Our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills, transfer stations, and other facilities could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may be unable to manage our growth effectively, and our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. Our operations are increasingly dependent on technology, and problems with the operation of the information or communication technology systems we use could adversely affect, or temporarily disable, all or a portion of our operations. We may incur losses from liabilities that are not covered by our insurance, and changes in insurance markets may also impact our financial results. Our business is directly affected by changes in local, national, global, and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including changes in governmental monetary policies, consumer confidence, slowing economic growth, inflation, pandemics, supply chain issues, and interest rates. A weak or volatile economy may result in decreases in volumes, which adversely affects our revenues. Our operations can be adversely affected by periods of inclement or severe weather, which could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts, delay the collection and disposal of waste, or reduce the volume of waste delivered to our disposal sites.