We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Economic and market risks, including developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment, could negatively impact our business. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment, including economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments. Deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reduction in interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources. We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue, and significant changes in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income. Our operational risk management includes maintaining systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, although violations could occur. We are subject to extensive regulation which may impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements on us, and any enforcement actions could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems, and we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure to minimize business interruptions. We continuously monitor our systems and work collaboratively with government agencies and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. Our liquidity policies support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs. We have established limits and contingency funding plans to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions. Our comprehensive risk management program aims to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The integration of TD Ameritrade has aligned risk management practices with our risk appetite, and we continue to evaluate new or changed risks impacting the combined company. We have established a policy that aligns with regulatory guidance to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. Our operational risk arises due to potential inadequacies or failures related to internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events impacting the company. We have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and we manage the impact of operational loss through the purchase of insurance. Our business activities expose us to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks, and we have a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks. We actively manage our consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure and conduct regular capital stress testing to assess potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. Our capital management strategy includes supporting migration of client balances and ensuring compliance with regulatory capital requirements.