The following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for the understanding of our "forward-looking statements." These risk factors should also be read in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Business and operational risks demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers. Recent oil and gas industry downturns have resulted in reduced demand for oilfield products and services and lower expenditures by our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic, and social environments of the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Instability and unforeseen changes in any of the markets in which we operate could result in business disruptions or operational challenges that may adversely affect the demand for our products and services. The covid-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The pandemic caused significant volatility and disruption of the global financial markets, adverse revenue and net income effects, and disruptions to our operations. Our long-term success depends on our ability to effectively address the energy transition, which will require adapting our technology portfolio to changing customer preferences and government requirements. Failure to effectively and timely address the energy transition could adversely affect our business. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on information technology networks and systems for internal purposes, including secure data storage, processing, and transmission. Our success depends in part on our ability to provide effective data security protection in connection with our digital technologies and services. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our ability to maintain technology leadership is crucial for sustaining competitive advantage. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue developing and producing innovative technologies in response to changes in the market. Severe weather events, including extreme weather conditions associated with climate change, have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our operations and financial results. Our business has been affected by severe weather events, which could materially affect our operations and financial results. The combination of these effects will result in a very favorable mix for our operations with significant growth opportunities in our core, digital, and new energy sectors. We believe these amounts, along with cash generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to meet future business requirements. Our aspirations, goals, and initiatives related to sustainability and emissions reduction expose us to numerous risks. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. If our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, and attractiveness as a business partner could be negatively affected. The extent to which our operating and financial results will continue to be affected by the pandemic will depend on various factors beyond our control.