The ongoing covid-19 pandemic has caused minor disruptions to our business operations to date, but could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition in the future. The extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our business operations in future periods will depend on multiple uncertain factors, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, its overall negative impact on the global economy and, in some cases, the regional and national economies of areas experiencing localized surges in covid-19 cases. Furthermore, our corporate headquarters, a significant portion of our research and development activities, our data centers, and certain other critical business operations are located in california, near major earthquake faults and sites of recent wildfires, which may become more frequent, along with other extreme weather events, due to climate change. A catastrophic event or other extreme weather event that results in the destruction or disruption of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems would severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our operating results would be adversely affected. Uncertainty in the global economy, and its potential impact on the semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Economic conditions could continue to deteriorate in the future, and, in particular, the semiconductor and electronics industries could fail to grow, including as a result of the effects of, among other things, rising inflation and interest rates, a sustained global semiconductor shortage, supply chain disruptions, and any disruption of international trade relationships such as tariffs, export licenses or other government trade restrictions. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that our products help create, such as the integrated circuits incorporated in personal computers, smartphones, automobiles and servers. Future economic downturns could also adversely affect our business. In addition, if our customers or distributors build elevated inventory levels, we could experience a decrease in short-term and/or long-term demand for our products. The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. The increasing complexity of designs of system-on-chips, integrated circuits, electronic systems and customers' concerns about managing costs have previously led to, and in the future could lead to, a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. Demand for our products and services could decrease and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if growth in the semiconductor and electronics industries slows or stalls. Our software integrity segment delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as testing for open source security vulnerabilities and license compliance. Our offerings include security and quality testing products, managed services, programs and professional services, and training. We have consistently grown our revenue since 2005, despite periods of global economic uncertainty. We achieved these results because of our solid execution, leading technologies and strong customer relationships. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our electronic design automation products, expanding and proliferating our intellectual property offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market. The negative impact of these events or disruptions may be deferred due to our business model.