The southern company system has robust processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. This process relies on information from internal and external sources, which may or may not be accurate in predicting future outcomes. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant, and the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to southern company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these matters, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, and operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements. The subsidiary registrants face the risk of physical attacks against their respective generation and storage facilities and the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport energy, which could negatively impact their ability to generate, transport, and deliver power. The southern company system's operations are regulated by state and federal environmental agencies through a variety of laws and regulations governing air, greenhouse gases, water, land, and other natural resources. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies, actual or threatened physical or cyber attacks, and natural disasters could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The southern company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws and satisfying related asset retirement obligations are significant, and compliance with existing environmental requirements involves substantial capital and operating costs. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements or increased cost or reduced supply of labor may lead to operating challenges. Supply chain disruptions and inflation could negatively impact operations, and the delivery of components, materials, equipment, and other resources critical to the southern company system's operations has been impacted by ongoing domestic and global supply chain disruptions. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue, including new or prolonged reductions in demand for energy, impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets, and challenges to the development, construction, and/or operation of the subsidiary registrants' facilities. The traditional electric operating companies and southern power each engage in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, and inherent risk exists in predicting demand as future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors. The traditional electric operating companies operate under a business model that invests capital to serve customers and recovers those investments through state regulation, while southern power's business model is primarily focused on investing capital or building energy assets to serve creditworthy counterparties using a bilateral contract model. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, but such actions cannot be assured to be completed or beneficial. The registrants' ability to meet their respective financial obligations is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their respective subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds.