The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and governmental reactions thereto, as well as other future epidemics, pandemics, or public health crises, could have a significant negative impact on our and our tenants' business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and liquidity and our ability to access the capital markets, satisfy our debt service obligations, and make distributions to our shareholders. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations. The bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. Future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy and could materially and adversely affect us. Acts of violence, civil unrest, or criminal activity and actual or threatened terrorist attacks could adversely affect our business operations. The risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the permanent nature of remote work as business travel has resumed. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions, or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, retain, and develop talented employees, and our failure to do so, including the loss of any one of our key personnel, could adversely impact our business. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce, and the evolution of consumer preferences and purchasing habits. Our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites as well as other types of retail properties. The increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping. Our ability to renew leases or re-lease available space in our properties on favorable terms or at all, including as a result of a deterioration in the economic and market conditions in the markets in which we own properties or due to restrictions intended to prevent the spread of disease, could materially and adversely affect us. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents, if at all. We face risks associated with climate change, and the occurrence of natural disasters at any of our properties can adversely impact operations and development/redevelopment projects at our properties, increase investment costs to repair or replace damaged properties, and negatively impact our tenants and the tenant demand for lease space. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations. Our ability to manage our respective businesses to the extent our management or personnel are impacted in significant numbers or are otherwise not willing, available, or allowed to conduct work, could materially affect our organizational resilience. We may also face significant disruptions due to natural disasters or other critical incidents. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants, and revenues, which could materially and adversely affect us.