We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, interest rates, rising inflation, and medical costs could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, in part due to inflation. Inflationary pressures on costs, such as inputs for devices we sell and network components, labor, and distribution costs may impact our network construction, financial condition, or results of operations. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures, such as through increases in the selling prices of some of our products and services, may not be successful. Consumers may be less willing to pay a price differential for our products and may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings or may forego some purchases altogether during a period of inflationary pressure or an economic downturn. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, a negative effect on our operating results. These effects include closure of retail stores; impact on our customers' ability to pay for our products and services; reduction in international roaming revenue; and reduced staffing levels in call centers and field operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures have caused, and may continue to cause, adverse impacts on global supply chains and economic conditions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Our business is subject to risks related to the COVID-19 virus. The potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, fires, freezing conditions, sea-level rise, and other climate-related events, could adversely affect our operations, infrastructure, and financial results. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, including the WarnerMedia/Discovery transaction, which are designed to reduce costs, streamline and modernize distribution and customer service, remove redundancies, and simplify and improve processes and support functions. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity. We also expect these initiatives to drive efficiencies and improved margins. Our business operations could be subject to interruption by equipment failures, power outages, terrorist or other hostile acts, and natural disasters, such as flooding, hurricanes, and forest fires. Such events could cause significant damage to the infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers, as well as significant recovery time and expenditures to resume operations.