The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt the global supply chain and availability of raw materials, resulting in increased freight costs, raw material costs, and labor costs from the ongoing inflationary environment. Our business has been adversely affected and could continue to be adversely affected by disruptions in our ability to timely obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. Although we believe we could identify alternative suppliers or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive aviation authority and OEM certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material, or component part. The pandemic has resulted in significant market disruption in the aerospace and defense industry, and our business may be disproportionately impacted compared to peer companies that are more diversified in the industries they serve. We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales, and a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our business strategy focuses on obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. We are also dependent on our executive officers, senior management team, and highly trained employees, and any work stoppage or difficulty hiring similar employees could adversely affect our business. The company's board of directors continually monitors these risks, and we believe that our succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature, and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate this risk. Our operations and those of our customers and suppliers have been subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics, or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operations and increase our costs and expenses. Disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber attacks, computer or equipment malfunction, operator error, or process failures. Should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related export controls and financial and economic sanctions imposed on certain industry sectors could impact the global economy and aviation sector. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. The successful integration of acquisitions may require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time they have to service, attract customers, and develop new products and services. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The company is continuing to strategically manage its cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing inflationary environment, COVID-19 pandemic, and related uncertainty of the duration and impact on the company's business.