Our business is subject to many risks, including competitive and reputational risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We attempt to differentiate our guest experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, and marketing. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including guest perceptions regarding the safety and cleanliness of our stores and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. If we fail to anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our results of operations and financial condition could suffer. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences and effectively managing our inventory levels. We have not always been able to predict rapid changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, which has previously resulted in insufficient or excess inventory and adverse impacts on our results of operations. Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target, which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. Negative reputational incidents could quickly erode trust and confidence and result in consumer boycotts or workforce unrest. Stakeholder expectations regarding environmental, social, and governance matters continue to evolve, and any failure to achieve our goals in these areas could adversely affect our reputation. We have established various goals and initiatives, including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion topics, and we cannot guarantee that we will achieve these goals. Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory, and we continue to experience elevated levels of inventory shrink, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are making significant investments in technology and supply chain infrastructure, and the effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable. A significant disruption in our computing and information systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively impact our guests. We rely extensively on computing and information systems throughout our business, and any damage or interruption could result in substantial costs and negatively impact our reputation. Changes in our relationships with our vendors and interruptions in our operations or supply chain could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, and other events beyond our control could disrupt our supply of merchandise and increase our costs. We have made alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions. The long-term impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties facing our business. Our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence, which can be affected by various factors. Uncharacteristic weather conditions or natural disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, and the potential impacts of climate change present a variety of risks. We rely on a large, global, and changing workforce, and if we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could expose us to legal and reputational risks. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations and fund our strategic initiatives.