We are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic, or other conditions. Geopolitical tensions may impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, receive manufacturing equipment, or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess, or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions, or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business, and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impacts on our operations. We will continue to manage our operating plan and expenses with a steady hand as we focus on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls, or legal proceedings. Our margins vary due to a number of factors, which may include customer demand and shipment volume; capital expenditures and resulting depreciation; our manufacturing processes; product mix; inventory levels; tariffs; and freight costs. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations that affect our domestic and international operations. Compliance with these laws may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner, and our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers' operations.