The covid-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have material and adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the future. The extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our operations and those of our operators and tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Our seniors housing operating revenues are dependent on occupancy, which has increased during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have incurred increased operational costs as a result of public health measures and other regulations affecting our properties, as well as additional health and safety measures adopted by us and our operators related to the covid-19 pandemic. We expect total seniors housing operating expenses to remain elevated as many of these additional health and safety measures have become standard practice. Our business model and the operations of our business involve risks, including those related to competition for acquisitions, operational risks with respect to our properties, and the ability of operators and tenants to make payments to us. We regularly monitor and review our rights and remedies under our management agreements. When determining if we will take significant action under those agreements, including terminating a manager, we consider numerous legal, contractual, regulatory, business, and other relevant factors. We aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations. We may encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. We may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions into our existing operations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations and could eventually lead to impairment of our properties. We have rights to terminate our management agreements with operators under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace operators if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed. Our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification, and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect their operations, which could adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers, or other obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal, and interest or other payments due to us, which may result in a tenant, operator, borrower, manager, or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency. The insolvency or bankruptcy of our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers, and other obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our ability to acquire properties may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity, or other capital resources. The impact of climate change may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in affected areas. We believe that our and our tenants' insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses that may be caused by severe weather conditions and natural disasters, including the effects of climate change. However, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses.