In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make forward-looking statements regarding future results of operations, including revenues, earnings, or cash flows, and plans and objectives for the future. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully, which requires effective management of our operational, financial, and human resources. We may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively, and the loss of volumes as a result of price increases may negatively affect our cash flows or results of operations. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our technology-led automation and optimization strategy, and such efforts may not yield the intended result. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets and negotiate advantageous transactions. Supply chain disruptions or delays could detrimentally impact the execution timeline for our planned expansion of our recycling and renewable energy businesses. We continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. Our operations must comply with extensive existing regulations, and changes in regulations can restrict or alter our operations, increase our operating costs, or require us to make additional capital expenditures. Our business is subject to operational and safety risks, including the risk of personal injury to employees and others. We closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability and releases of hazardous materials. While we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training and compliance programs, substantial liabilities could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The seasonal nature of our business and severe weather events can cause fluctuations in our results. Our operating revenues tend to be higher in summer months, and service disruptions caused by severe storms can significantly affect our operating results. We may not be able to achieve our sustainability and other environmental, social, and governance-related goals, including the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, within planned timelines. Our ability to achieve these goals may be impacted by numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our business. The COVID-19 global pandemic disrupted social and commercial activity and financial markets, and a significant resurgence may have a material adverse impact on our business. Macroeconomic pressures, including inflation and market disruption, have adversely impacted our business and results of operations. Significant global supply chain disruption and inflation have reduced availability and increased costs for goods and services. The constrained labor market has resulted in increased costs for wage adjustments and training new hires. The environmental services industry is highly competitive, and if we cannot successfully compete in the marketplace, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely affected. We encounter intense competition from governmental, quasi-governmental, and private sources, and our revenues, earnings, and cash flows will fluctuate based on changes in commodity prices. Our strategic pricing efforts are focused on recovering as much of the inflationary cost increases we experience in our business as possible. We believe the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focus on investing in our people and digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the evolving challenges impacting the company and our industry.