ExxonMobil's financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses, including the pursuit of lower-emission business opportunities. The company’s ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical, particularly in response to economic conditions linked closely with broad-based economic activities and levels of prosperity. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of low economic growth typically has a direct adverse impact on results. Factors affecting demand for energy and petrochemicals include technological improvements, changes in consumer preferences, and broad-based changes in personal income levels. The company must continuously improve its ability to identify promising resource prospects and apply project management expertise to bring discovered resources online as scheduled and within budget. The long-term success of ExxonMobil's upstream and product solutions businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Effective management of individual projects and the overall portfolio is essential for mitigating risk and providing attractive returns to shareholders. The company’s operational efficiency is a key component of competitive performance, requiring continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost control, and productivity enhancements. ExxonMobil's technology, research, and development organizations must adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The ability to minimize risks inherent in oil, gas, and petrochemical operations is crucial, and rigorous management systems are applied to control business activities and minimize human error. The company’s preparedness for disruptions caused by severe weather events, natural disasters, and human error is supported by robust facility engineering, rigorous disaster preparedness, and business continuity planning. The effectiveness of these measures is vital for mitigating adverse impacts and ensuring operational continuity. Cybersecurity preparedness includes multi-layered technological capabilities and non-technological measures such as threat information sharing and annual training campaigns emphasizing resiliency. The ability to recognize key signposts of change in the global energy system and direct investment to appropriate technologies is essential for capitalizing on competitive strengths. ExxonMobil’s future results and ability to grow its low carbon solutions business depend on successful research and collaboration efforts, as well as the ability to adapt and apply the strengths of its current business model to provide future energy products in a cost-competitive manner. The company faces competition from state-owned companies and alternative energy sources, which may impact its operational flexibility and strategic response. The existence of supportive policies in any jurisdiction is not guaranteed, and failure or delay of these policies could adversely impact investments. Negative impacts on reputation due to operational incidents or insufficient progress in energy transition could hinder the company’s ability to compete successfully for new opportunities and attract talent.