In addition to the other information set forth in this 2022 annual report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top-selling products. If any of our top-selling products and product lines experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, manufacturing or supply chain disruptions, regulatory proceedings, labeling changes, negative publicity, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of competing and/or more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted, perhaps significantly. The animal health industry is highly competitive, and we believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. Our competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical, and other resources or have significant market share in particular areas. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. In recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation in the animal health industry, which could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, thereby potentially increasing their market share and pricing power, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and profitability and an increase in competition. Our business is subject to risk based on global economic and political conditions. Macroeconomic, business, political, and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Infectious disease outbreaks, pandemics, sanctions, geopolitical instability, and widespread fear of spreading disease through human contact can cause disruptions to or negatively impact our customers' and our distributors' business operations, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the global economy; has disrupted our and our customers', suppliers', and vendors' operations; has negatively affected certain elements of our business and operations; and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such as COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact our global supply chain as we experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components of our products. Any prolonged component shortages or supply chain disruption may result in manufacturing or R&D delays and could limit our ability to meet customer demand or otherwise adversely impact our revenue. Adverse weather events and natural disasters may also interfere with and negatively impact operations at our manufacturing sites, research and development facilities, and office buildings, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, especially if such interruptions to regular operations are frequent or prolonged. Climate change could have a material adverse impact on our and our customers' businesses. We operate in many regions, countries, and communities around the world where our businesses, and our activities and the activities of our customers and suppliers, could be disrupted by climate change. Potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative impacts to our and our customers' and suppliers' businesses.