property catastrophe exposure management includes purchasing reinsurance to provide coverage for known exposure to hurricanes, earthquakes, wildfires, fires following earthquakes and other catastrophes. we are also working to promote measures to prevent and mitigate losses and make homes and communities more resilient, including enactment of stronger building codes and effective enforcement of those codes, adoption of sensible land use policies, and development of effective and affordable methods of improving the resilience of existing structures.
we are implementing an organizationally driven approach, using the continuous improvement management process. this process helps deliver holistic, sustainable change in process efficiency, effectiveness, performance management, and organizational alignment. the approach enables our employees to engage more effectively and directly in problem solving and ultimately helping to improve the customer experience, agency owner experience and business outcomes. as part of continuous improvement, our claims organization is focused on three key strategic efforts: improving our core operations, strengthening the foundation and building the future. improving our core operations is focused on enhanced loss cost management, expense control and customer experience. strengthening the foundation will advance our capabilities in knowledge management, quality assurance and data and analytics. building our future is focused on leveraging emerging technologies and predictive analytics to simplify the customer experience and expedite the claims process. this strategy aligns the claims organization along coverages to achieve operational efficiencies and to facilitate comparable claims processes throughout the nation.
claims is undergoing continuous improvement focusing on effective loss cost management, process efficiency and leveraging emerging technologies to enhance the customer experience to ensure our claim processes result in an easy settlement experience that is fast and fair. while this is occurring, frequency and severity statistics may be impacted by claims organizational and process changes, which started in the second half of 2016 and are anticipated to continue for several years. changes in claim opening and closing practices, if any, can impact claim frequency and severity comparisons to prior periods.