item 1a.   risk factors
we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our utility operations are subject to extensive economic regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to economic regulation by state pucs. economic regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and results of operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
•   cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
•   provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval of the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities' operations. state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if rates are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including but not limited to, if water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the level estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. compliance with increasingly stringent laws and regulations could impact our operating costs; and violations of such laws and regulations could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation.
our water and wastewater operations and the operations of our market-based businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations and, in the case of our canadian operations, canadian laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, health and safety, the quality of the water we deliver to our customers, water allocation rights, and the manner in which we collect, treat, discharge and dispose of wastewater. these requirements include cercla, the clean water act and the safe drinking water act, and similar state and canadian laws and regulations. for example, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
in addition, state pucs also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves supplying water for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations, and their enforcement, generally have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination at our properties, including potential spills of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
attention is being given to emerging contaminants, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). examples of sources of emerging contaminants include, but are not limited to, newly created chemical compounds (including, for example, perfluorinated compounds and manufactured nanomaterials); human and veterinary products; microbes, viruses, amoebae and other pathogens; and residual by-products of disinfection. we rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants. our role is to meet or surpass those standards, when established. in some of our states, pucs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for an emerging contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. furthermore, while we seek to protect our drinking water from these contaminants by implementing multi-step treatment processes, reviewing research on these contaminants, and developing appropriate mitigation techniques for new contaminants where feasible or appropriate, given the rapid pace at which emerging contaminants are being created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. in addition, we believe emerging contaminants may form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers, are held in the public trust and are not owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities. passing-flow requirements set minimum volumes of water that must pass through specified water sources, such as rivers and streams, in order to maintain environmental habitats and meet water allocation rights of downstream users. allocation rights are imposed to ensure sustainability of major water sources and passing-flow requirements are most often imposed on source waters from smaller rivers, lakes and streams. these requirements, which can change from time to time, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 20, 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order"), as amended by an order in july 2016 (the "2016 order"), of the swrcb that requires cal am to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule which was extended to december 31, 2021 (the "2021 deadline"). we are also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. we cannot predict whether cal am will be able to secure alternative sources of water, or if cal am will be exposed to liabilities if it is unable to meet the 2021 deadline under the 2009 order and the 2016 order. if cal am or any of our other subsidiaries are unable to secure an alternative source of water, or if other adverse consequences result from the events described above, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. see item 3-legal proceedings in this report, which includes additional information regarding this matter.
the current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in rate case applications; our inability to minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to reduce this regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory policies. for example, eight state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. furthermore, in setting rates, a number of state pucs allow us to use future test years, which extend beyond the date a rate request is filed to allow for current or projected revenues, expenses and investments to be reflected in rates on a more timely basis. other examples of such programs include states that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs, property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these surcharge mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under the rate case application process. while these programs have reduced regulatory lag in several of our regulated states, we continue to seek expansion of programs to reduce regulatory lag in those jurisdictions that have not approved such programs. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharge programs and existing programs may not continue in their current form, or at all. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations and changes in certain agreements can significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operations. the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes in the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
•   making it more difficult for us to raise our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
•   changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases;
•   restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
•   requiring us to provide water or wastewater services at reduced rates to certain customers;
•   limiting or restricting our ability to acquire water or wastewater systems, purchase or dispose of assets or issue securities, or making it less cost-effective for us to do so;
•   negatively impacting the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, the amount of tax credits or tax abatement benefits that may be available, the amount of taxes owed, or the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
•   changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
•   increasing the costs associated with complying with environmental, health, safety and water quality regulations to which our operations are subject;
•   changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
•   making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via eminent domain;
•   placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
•   restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
•   revoking or altering the terms of the certificates of public convenience and necessity (or similar authorizations) issued to us by state pucs.
any of the foregoing consequences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
furthermore, the results of the november 2016 federal, state and local elections have generated some uncertainty as to certain future new or changes in existing laws, rules or regulations, or administrative interpretations thereof. at this time, we are unable to determine or predict the potential impacts, if any, of such new or amended laws, rules or regulations, or interpretations thereof, to the extent they may be ultimately enacted, adopted or issued, on us or our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters may disrupt our operations and economic conditions may reduce the demand for water services, either of which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather and other natural events are possible across all our businesses. these include storms, freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, severe electrical storms and solar flares. weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. in addition, adverse economic conditions can cause our customers, particularly industrial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by an industrial customer would typically result in reduced water usage. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. as examples, drought conditions have persisted in california over a five-year period, and, more recently, have been declared in new jersey. in may 2016, the governor of california issued an executive order that retained existing water use restrictions, but required state agencies to adjust, among other things, water conservation regulations through the end of january 2017 to account for differentiation in water supply conditions throughout the state, to adopt new water use targets as part of a permanent framework for urban water usage and conservation, to prohibit permanently practices that waste potable water and to direct actions that minimize significant water system leaks. moreover, in october 2016, a drought warning was declared in 14 northern and central new jersey counties by the new jersey department of environmental protection, and while mandatory use restrictions have not presently been adopted, residents, business and other institutions in the affected areas have been urged to use water sparingly. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant puc determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot assure that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future. changing severe weather patterns could require additional expenditures to reduce the risk associated with any increasing storm, flood and drought occurrences. the issue of climate change is receiving increased attention worldwide. many climate change predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, such as: increased frequency and duration of droughts, increased precipitation and flooding, potential degradation of water quality, and changes in demand for services. because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate change, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment. in 2016, we invested $1.3 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems could increase in the future. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt. we may not be able to access the debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all.
in addition, we could be limited in our ability to both pursue growth and pay dividends in accordance with our dividend policy. in order to fund construction expenditures, acquisitions, principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, and dividends at the level currently anticipated under our dividend policy, we expect that we will need additional financing.
the ability to obtain financing at reasonable rates is contingent upon our credit ratings and general market conditions. if we do not obtain sufficient financing, we could be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our water service and our revenues.
demand for our water during the warmer months, typically in the summer, is generally greater than during other months, due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, demand tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve significant environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. moreover, if we are deemed liable for any damage caused by overflow or disposal operations, our losses might not be covered by insurance, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
contamination of our sources of water or water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reduction in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants or are delivered through our distribution system, or the water service that is provided to our customers, are subject to contamination, including, by among other items, contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources (such as perchlorate, methyl tertiary butyl ether, lead and other materials, chemical spills or other accidents that result in contaminants entering the water source), and possible terrorist attacks. in addition, new categories of these substances continue to emerge in the water treatment industry. if one of our water supplies or the water service provided to our customers is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) continuing limited use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of our current treatment facilities, or development of new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through insurance, customer rates, tariffs or contract terms. any recovery of these costs that we are able to obtain through regulatory proceedings or otherwise may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of an interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies.
in this regard, on january 9, 2014, a chemical storage tank owned by freedom industries, inc. leaked two substances into the elk river near the west virginia-american water company ("wvawc") treatment plant intake in charleston, west virginia. on october 31, 2016, the u.s. district court for the southern district of west virginia approved the preliminary principles, terms and conditions of a binding global agreement in principle to settle claims arising out the freedom industries chemical spill (the "settlement"). under the terms of the settlement, wvawc has agreed that it will not seek rate recovery from the public service commission of west virginia for the amounts paid by wvawc, net of insurance recoveries, under the settlement. see item 3-legal proceedings, which includes additional information regarding this matter.
since we engage in the business of providing water service to our customers, contamination of the water supply, or the water service provided to our customers, can result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. negative impacts to our reputation may occur even if we are not liable for any contamination or other environmental damage or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances in the water or water supplies. in addition, insurance coverage may not cover all or a portion of these losses, and are subject to deductibles and other limitations. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are not insured.
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions.
water and wastewater utilities, including our regulated subsidiaries, have a large customer base and as a result are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of their water and wastewater services, the quality of water provided, and the amount, timeliness, accuracy and format of bills that are provided for such services. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view companies such american water and its regulated subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause american water and its regulated subsidiaries to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. unfavorable regulatory outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on american water and each of our regulated subsidiaries' business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulated businesses segment include 80 dams, a failure of any of which could result in personal injury and downstream property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases, the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries and property damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems. any further acquisitions we undertake may involve risks. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities, and strategic and financial buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
the negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
•   incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities and environmental liabilities of or with respect to an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time of acquisition;
•   unanticipated capital expenditures;
•   issuances of our equity securities;
•   failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
•   recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
•   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
•   difficulties in assimilating personnel, benefits, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to finance our business, pay dividends and to comply with regulatory requirements. the businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated sales and profitability, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our operating margins and adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers, for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase to unacceptable levels and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions. in addition, our competitors may impede our growth by purchasing water utilities adjacent to or near our existing service areas, thereby impairing our ability to geographically expand the affected service areas. competing governmental entities, utilities, environmental or social activist groups, and strategic and financial buyers have challenged, and may in the future challenge, our efforts to acquire new companies and/or service areas. our growth could be hindered if we are not able to compete effectively for new companies and/or service areas with other companies or strategic and financial buyers that have lower costs of operations. any of these risks may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the assets of our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation through eminent domain or other similar authorized process.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. should a municipality or other government subdivision or a citizen group seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition, we may resist the acquisition.
contesting an exercise of condemnation through eminent domain or other process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of management of the affected regulated business from the operation of its business. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation or process may not be successful.
if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant one-time charges.
we rely on technology systems to facilitate the management of our business and customer and supplier relationships, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business.
our technology systems, particularly our operational technology and it systems, are an integral part of our business, and any disruption of these systems could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, we depend on these systems to bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage certain plant operations and construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor certain of our plants and facilities and manage human resources, inventory and accounts receivable collections. these systems also enable us to purchase products from our suppliers and bill customers on a timely basis, maintain cost-effective operations and provide service to our customers. while we continue to implement, upgrade and replace our operational technology and it systems, a number of our mission- and business-critical it systems are older, such as our scada (supervisory control and data acquisition) system.
although we do not believe that these systems are at a materially greater risk of failure or cybersecurity incidents than other similar organizations, our operational technology and it systems remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from:
•   power loss, computer systems failures, and internet, telecommunications or data network failures;
•   operator negligence or improper operation by, or supervision of, employees;
•   physical and electronic loss of customer data due to security breaches, cyber attacks, misappropriation and similar events;
•   intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of services actions, misappropriation of data and similar events; and
these events may result in physical and electronic loss of customer or financial data, security breaches, misappropriation and other adverse consequences. in addition, a lack of or inadequate levels of redundancy for certain of these systems, including billing systems, could exacerbate the impact of any of these events on us. we may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our business, and we might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary upgrades or replacements of outdated existing technology to enable us to continue to operate at our current level of efficiency.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and/or cyber attacks. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our operational technology and it systems may be vulnerable to unauthorized access due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. while we have instituted certain safeguards to protect our operational technology and it systems, those safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cyber vulnerabilities. we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, we could have our operations disrupted, property damaged, and customer and other confidential information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs, and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. these types of events, either impacting our facilities or the industry in general, could also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. in many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others.
our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational technology and it systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks, or the implementation of new systems, may require substantial amounts of management's time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to multiple factors, including employees' ability to effectively use the new or upgraded system. over the past several years,
we have implemented, and have recently implemented with respect to our american water enterprises business, improvements to our business processes, and have installed new, and upgraded existing, technology systems. these efforts support our broader strategic initiatives and are intended to optimize workflow, improve our operations and enhance our customer service capabilities. any technical or other difficulties in upgrading and improving existing or implementing new technology systems may increase costs beyond those anticipated and have an adverse or disruptive effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. we may also experience difficulties consolidating our current systems and implementing new or upgraded systems together with existing systems, which may impact our ability to serve our customers effectively or efficiently. although we make efforts to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, business and operations, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been or will be mitigated, and any such impacts could harm our business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our business has inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to not only people impacts but also to financial losses such as penalties and other liabilities.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, vendors and the public. although we intend to adhere to such health and safety standards and aim for zero injuries, it is extremely difficult to avoid accidents at all times.
our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, underground trenches and vaults, chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, our employees and others may be injured or die. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly handled, stored or disposed of, could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations or procedures could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations.
as of december 31, 2016, approximately 46% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 78 collective bargaining agreements in place with 17 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements, including three which expired in 2016, and 15 which will expire during 2017, are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to renegotiate labor contracts on terms that are fair to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, licensed operators, water quality and other operating and craft personnel, and management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
financial and market-related risks our indebtedness could affect our business adversely and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2016, our aggregate long-term and short-term debt balance (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $7.2 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
•   exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
•   impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
•   requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
•   limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to make additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility or issue new short-term and long-term debt securities. moreover, additional borrowings may be required to refinance outstanding indebtedness. debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2017, 2018 and 2019 will be $574 million, $457 million and $166 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt capital markets on favorable terms, if at all. moreover, if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
in an attempt to manage our exposure to interest rate risk associated with our issuance of variable and fixed-rate debt, we have entered into, and in the future may enter into, financial derivative instruments, including without limitation, interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements. see item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. however, these efforts may not be effective to fully mitigate interest rate risk, and may expose us to other risks and uncertainties, including quarterly "mark to market" valuation risk associated with these instruments, that could negatively and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we will depend primarily on cash flows from operations to fund our expenses and to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt. therefore, our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative (including tax initiatives and reforms, and other similar legislation or regulation), regulatory and other factors largely beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected adversely.
our inability to access the capital or financial markets could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, we rely primarily on our revolving credit facility, commercial paper programs, and the capital markets to satisfy our liquidity needs. in this regard, our principal external sources of short-term liquidity are our $1.6 billion commercial paper program and our $1.75 billion revolving credit facility. our revolving credit facility expires in accordance with its terms in june 2020. we regularly use our commercial paper program under this revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally can obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2016, american water capital corp. ("awcc"), our wholly owned financing subsidiary, had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and had $849 million of commercial paper outstanding and $88 million in outstanding letters of credit.
under the terms of our revolving credit facility, our consolidated debt cannot exceed 70% of our consolidated capitalization, as determined under the terms of the credit facility. if our equity were to decline or debt were to increase to a level that caused our debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility immediately due and payable. to avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict our operational and financing flexibility.
our ability to comply with this and other covenants contained in the revolving credit facility and our other consolidated indebtedness is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond our control. for example, events that could cause a reduction in equity include, without limitation, a significant write-down of our goodwill. even if we are able to comply with this or other covenants, the limitations on our operational and financial flexibility could harm our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that we may believe would be in our best interests or the interests of our stockholders to complete.
disruptions in the capital markets could also limit our ability to access capital. while our credit facility lending banks have met all of their obligations, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. our lenders may not meet their existing commitments and we may not be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under this facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital and credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures.
any impediments to our access to the capital markets or failure of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
american water may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to american water.
american water is a holding company and, as such, american water has no operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. american water's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends to american water or repay indebtedness to american water. prior to paying dividends to american water, american water's regulated subsidiaries must comply with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements, and covenants and other agreements made or entered into by american water and its subsidiaries. american water's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends to american water. a failure or inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on american water's liquidity and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2016, we had u.s. federal and state net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards of approximately $1.2 billion and $625 million, respectively, and management believes these nols are more likely than not to be recovered in the future. our federal nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028, and our state nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2017 and will continue to expire through 2036. our ability to utilize our nol carryforwards is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our nols, and the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of the nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.3 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2016. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003 and the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001, and, to a lesser extent, the acquisition of keystone in 2015. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or, with respect to keystone, fluctuations in the level of exploration and production activities in the marcellus and utica shale regions served by keystone, a prolonged depression of natural gas prices or other factors that negatively impact our current or future forecasts of operating results, cash flows or key assumptions. a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet expectations of our regulators.
market conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. a decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. if interest rates decrease, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected.
in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
new accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). the sec, the financial accounting standards board or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies. these changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure.
our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with gaap, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations applicable to us. such compliance permits us to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in connection with the recovery of our costs and with the reporting requirements under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations.
we have implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act") and relevant sec rules, as well as other applicable regulations. such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by our management and board of directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. while we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure and reporting. the consequences of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. the inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also increase financing costs or could also adversely affect our or awcc's ability to access the capital markets.
additional risks related to our market-based businesses we (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provide performance guarantees with respect to certain obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, to our public-sector and public clients, which may seek to enforce the guarantees if our market-based businesses do not satisfy these obligations.
under the terms of some of our agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities with municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, american water (excluding our regulated subsidiaries) provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits. in the event our market-based businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against us or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity could be adversely affected.
at december 31, 2016, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $3.9 billion, and this amount is likely to increase if our market-based businesses expand. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
american water enterprises' operations are subject to various risks associated with doing business with the u.s. government.
we enter into contracts with the u.s. department of defense for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems, which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, entering into contracts with the u.s. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations, which are complex, and compliance with these regulations can be expensive and burdensome. if we were charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, we could be suspended or barred from bidding on or receiving awards of new contracts with the u.s. government, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
american water enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts and faces the risk that the owners of those systems may fail to provide capital to properly maintain those systems, which may negatively affect american water enterprises as the operators of the systems.
american water enterprises operates a number of water and wastewater systems under o&m contracts. pursuant to these contracts, american water enterprises operates the system according to the standards set forth in the applicable contract, and it is generally the responsibility of the owner of the system to undertake capital improvements. in some cases, american water enterprises may not be able to convince the owner to make needed improvements in order to maintain compliance with applicable regulations. although violations and fines incurred by water and wastewater systems may be the responsibility of the owner of the system under these contracts, those non-compliance events may reflect poorly on american water enterprises as the operator of the system and us, and damage our reputation, and in some cases, may result in liability to us to the same extent as if we were the owner.
our market-based businesses are party to long-term contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems under which we may incur costs in excess of payments received.
some of our market-based businesses enter into long-term contracts under which they agree to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities, which includes specified major maintenance for some of those facilities, in exchange for an annual fee. these market-based businesses are generally subject to the risk that costs associated with operating and maintaining the facilities, including production costs such as purchased water, electricity, fuel and chemicals used in water treatment, may exceed the fees received from the municipality or other contracting party. losses under these contracts or guarantees may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
keystone's operations may expose us to substantial costs and liabilities with respect to environmental laws and matters.
keystone's operations, and the operation generally of natural gas and oil exploration and production facilities by keystone's customers, are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances governing the release of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. these provisions may require the acquisition by keystone of permits or licenses before providing its services to customers, prohibit the release of substances defined thereunder as hazardous in connection with these activities, and impose substantial liabilities for the violation thereof that may result from these operations. failure to comply with these laws, rules, regulations and ordinances may result in substantial environmental remediation and other costs to keystone, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties or the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting certain activities. under existing environmental laws and regulations, keystone could be held strictly liable for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination regardless of whether the release resulted from its operations, or whether its operations were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. while we have structured and maintained our ownership and control of keystone's operations in such a way that we believe will insulate the company, its regulated subsidiaries and its other market-based businesses from any liabilities associated with keystone's operations, including liabilities for environmental matters, there can be no assurance that such efforts will be sufficient to prevent the company from incurring liability for the operations of keystone.
changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any changes to these or other laws governing the natural gas and oil exploration industry that result in more stringent or costly water or wastewater handling, storage, transport, disposal or cleanup requirements could require keystone to make significant expenditures to maintain compliance with such requirements, may harm keystone's business and results of operations by reducing the demand for keystone's water and related services, and may otherwise have a material adverse effect on keystone's competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about our business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those we discuss under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
executive overview through its subsidiaries, american water is the largest and most geographically diverse investor-owned publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. we employ approximately 6,800 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 47 states, the district of columbia and ontario, canada. our primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial and other customers, including sale for resale and public authority customers. our regulated businesses that provide these services are generally subject to economic regulation by certain state utility commissions or other entities engaged in utility regulation. certain federal and state governments also regulate environmental, health and safety, and water quality matters. our regulated businesses provide services in 16 states and serve approximately 3.3 million customers based on the number of active service connections to our water and wastewater networks. we also operate several businesses that provide a broad range of related and complementary water and wastewater services in four operating segments that individually do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap. these four non-reportable operating segments are collectively presented as our market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses.
2016 strategic focus & achievements for 2016, our focus was anchored on five central strategic themes:
•   customer - one of our core values is putting our customers at the center of everything we do.
•   in 2016, we achieved a customer satisfaction rating in the top quartile among our water industry peers and achieved a service quality rating of 85%, which also placed us in the top quartile compared to our water industry peers;
•   we launched a comprehensive customer experience initiative designed to enhance our quality of service and make it easier for customers to do business with us;
•   we continued to make needed infrastructure investment while implementing operational efficiency improvements to keep customer rates affordable; and
•   our drinking water system quality was 21 times better than the industry average.
•   safety - the health and safety of our employees, customers and the public is both a strategy and a value.
•   in 2016, our focus continued on putting safety first. we finished 2016 with fewer employee injuries than in the prior year, we enhanced accident prevention and risk mitigation through our "near miss" reporting program and we achieved a stronger safety culture as measured by employee responses in the company's culture survey. our safety council, consisting of management and labor employees from across the company, continued their mission of developing and implementing recommendations to reinforce the company's commitment to safety. in addition, we hold our vendors accountable to the same safety standards as our company.
•   people - our employees and culture are paramount to our success.
•   in 2016, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to employees by providing safety and technical training throughout the company and expanding training and development offerings for supervisors and individual employees. we enhanced and developed robust succession plans for key leadership roles across the company and we continued to provide competitive compensation and benefits to retain and attract a highly skilled and diverse workforce.
•   growth - we invested $1.5 billion in 2016; a record level of annual investment since the company went public in 2008 including:
•   $1.3 billion of which the majority was in our regulated businesses primarily to improve infrastructure; and
•   $199 million for completed regulated acquisitions, adding approximately 42,000 water and wastewater customers. included was the purchase of substantially all of the wastewater collection and treatment assets of the sewer authority of the city of scranton by pennsylvania-american water company ("pawc") on december 29, 2016. this acquisition alone added approximately 31,000 wastewater customers in the city of scranton and dunmore borough, pennsylvania.
•   in addition to the acquisitions that closed in 2016 adding approximately 42,000 water and wastewater customers discussed above, we also entered into a number of agreements for which the closing of the transactions remain pending. these pending transactions represent the potential addition of approximately 40,000 new water and wastewater customers. the largest of the pending acquisitions include:
▪   shorelands water company, new jersey: shorelands currently provides water service to approximately 11,000 customers in monmouth county, new jersey. on august 2, 2016, we agreed to acquire all of the capital stock of shorelands water company ("shorelands") in exchange for an equivalent value of our common stock. the maximum number of shares of our common stock to be exchanged upon closing of this acquisition will be less than 500,000 and will be based upon the average price of our common stock. the closing of this acquisition is subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and compliance by the parties with certain covenants, including obtaining the approval of the new jersey board of public utilities. the company is seeking to close the acquisition in the first half of 2017.
▪   municipal authority of the city of mckeesport, pennsylvania: the system currently represents approximately 22,000 wastewater customers. on september 9, 2016, pawc signed an asset purchase agreement to acquire substantially all of the wastewater collection and treatment system assets of the municipal authority of the city of mckeesport, pennsylvania for approximately $156 million, subject to certain adjustments provided in the agreement. in connection with the execution of this agreement, a $5 million non-escrowed deposit was also paid. the closing of this acquisition is subject to the satisfaction of various conditions and covenants, including obtaining the approval of the pennsylvania public utility commission. we are seeking to close this acquisition in the second half of 2017.
•   technology and operational efficiency - we drove continued cost savings into our businesses.
•   our regulated businesses achieved an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure) of 34.9% in 2016;
our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio is defined as our regulated o&m expenses divided by regulated operating revenues, where both o&m expenses and operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. additionally, from the o&m expenses, we excluded the allocable portion of non-o&m support services cost, mainly depreciation and general taxes that are reflected in the regulated businesses segment as o&m expenses but for consolidated financial reporting purposes are categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. in addition to the standard adjustments to the o&m efficiency ratio for the year ended december 31, 2016, we have also excluded from operating revenues and o&m expenses the impact from the binding global agreement in principle related to the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia. also, for the year ended december 31, 2014, we have also excluded from operating revenues and o&m expenses the estimated impact to revenue and o&m attributable to changes in consumption as a result of abnormal weather and the costs associated with the freedom industries chemical spill, as applicable. we excluded all the above items from the calculation as we believe such items are not reflective of management's ability to increase efficiency of the company's regulated operations.
we evaluate our operating performance using this measure because management believes it is a direct measure of the improvement to the efficiency of our regulated businesses' operations. this information is intended to enhance an investor's overall understanding of our operating performance. the o&m efficiency ratio is not a gaap financial measure and may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures and should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report.
the following table provides the calculation and reconciliation that compares o&m expenses and operating revenues, as determined in accordance with gaap, to those amounts utilized in the calculation of our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio for the years ended december 31:
total operation and maintenance expenses                                $1,504                $1,404                $1,350
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses                 372                   358                   289
operation and maintenance expenses-other                                   (44   )               (49   )               (51   )
total regulated operation and maintenance expenses                       1,176                 1,095                 1,112
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                        30                    35                    39
impact of freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia                 -                     -                    10
impact of binding global agreement in principle                             65                     -                     -
estimated impact of weather                                                  -                     -                    (2   )
adjusted regulated operation and maintenance expenses (a)                 $959                  $943                  $943
total operating revenues                                                $3,302                $3,159                $3,011
operating revenues-market-based businesses                                 451                   434                   355
operating revenues-other                                                   (20   )               (18   )               (18   )
total regulated operating revenues                                       2,871                 2,743                 2,674
impact of freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia                 -                     -                     1
estimated impact of weather                                                  -                     -                    17
adjusted regulated operating revenues (b)                               $2,749                $2,626                $2,570
•   we implemented an enterprise resource planning system in our market-based businesses to integrate and enhance operations, customer service and support services; and
•   we initiated a strategic technology program designed to leverage technological advancements to enhance customer experience, drive operational efficiency, provide data integration and analytics, and enhance security. in addition, we implemented improved technology tools to enhance communication, collaboration and mobility, including a new comprehensive technology roadmap that will help our operations and support employees in providing even better customer experiences in the future.
2016 financial results highlights of our  diluted earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows:
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (a)                       -                 -            (0.04   )
add back: non-gaap adjustment:
impact of the binding global agreement in principle (b)              0.36                 -                -
tax impact                                                          (0.14   )             -                -
non-gaap adjustment impact on diluted earnings per share             0.22                 -                -
(a)   discontinued operations represents the 2014 sale of our terratec line of business, which was part of our market-based businesses. the loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, reflected in the 2014 financial results includes the loss on the sale, an income tax valuation allowance and the 2014 operating results of the entity prior to the sale. see note 3-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further details on our discontinued operations.
(b)   see item 3-legal proceedings and note 15-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8-consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
income from continuing operations decreased 2 cents per diluted share, or 0.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year. included in the 2016 amount was the after-tax charge of $39 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, resulting from the binding global agreement in principle related to the freedom industries chemical spill. excluding this charge, income from continuing operations increased $0.20 per diluted share, or approximately 7.6%. this increase was mainly due to continued strong growth in our regulated businesses. for further detailed discussion of the consolidated results of operations, as well as the financial results of our business segments, see "comparison of consolidated results of operations" and "segment results of operations".
adjusted diluted earnings per share represents a non-gaap financial measure and excludes the impact of the settlement. we believe that this non-gaap measure provides useful information by excluding such matters that may not be indicative of our on-going operating results. we believe this non-gaap measure will allow for better evaluation of the operating performance of the business and facilitate a meaningful comparison of our results in the current year to those in prior years. the non-gaap financial information should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. in addition, our non-gaap measure may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap measures of other companies.
(a)   new rates effective january 29 of each year.
(g)   new rates effective april 18, 2014, including $3 million of interim rates effective may 10, 2013.
on december 13, 2016 we received a decision on our general rate case in illinois authorizing additional annualized revenues of $26 million effective on january 1, 2017.
on february 1, 2016, cal am received approval from the cpuc to extend its cost of capital proceeding for an additional year. subsequently, cal am has requested to extend its current authorized cost of capital which is scheduled to expire on december 31, 2017 for an additional year. if no extension is received by march 31, 2017, cal am will file its cost of capital application as scheduled.
during the first quarter of 2017, cal am received approval from the cpuc for step rates authorizing additional annualized revenues of $5 million effective on various dates between january 13, 2017 and february 2, 2017.
a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. the following table details additional annualized revenues authorized through infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that were effective from 2014 through 2016:
(a)   quarterly filings in 2016 for $11 million, $2 million, $6 million and $9 million effective the first day of the calendar quarter for january, april, july and october, respectively. for 2015, $2 million, $4 million and $8 million effective april 1, july 1 and october 1, 2015, respectively. no infrastructure charges in 2014 as the general rate case effective january 1, 2014, included a forecasted test year.
(g)   effective dates of march 15, 2016, june 29, 2015 and april 15, 2014.
on december 2, 2016, infrastructure charges amounting to additional annualized revenues of $2 million was approved for our west virginia subsidiary and became effective on january 1, 2017. also, on january 1, 2017, $1 million of additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges for our pennsylvania subsidiary were authorized and became effective.
2016 pending rate cases and infrastructure charges on april 1, 2016, $9 million in annualized revenues, which was requested in our virginia general rate case that was filed on october 30, 2015, was put into effect as interim rates under bond and subject to refund.
on april 29, 2016, our new york subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $9 million in additional annualized water revenues. also on april 29, 2016, our iowa subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $5 million in additional annualized revenue. on may 9, 2016, $2 million in additional annualized revenues of the $5 million requested in our iowa rate case were put into effect as interim rates under bond and subject to refund.
on july 1, 2016, our california subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting to increase revenues over three years. this increase includes a request of $35 million of additional annualized revenue, which is expected to become effective on january 1, 2018 as well as a step rate and attrition rate increase of $8 million in both 2019 and 2020.
on november 4, 2016, our tennessee subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting additional revenues of $2 million. on january 16, 2017, our indiana subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting additional revenues of $8 million.
there is no assurance that all or any portion of these requests will be granted.
other regulatory matters on december 8, 2016, the cpuc issued a final decision in regard to the application filed by cal am in july 2015 which requested changes to the then present rate design and the emergency conservation and rationing plan for water customers in certain areas within its monterey county service district. the final decision allowed for: (i) recovery of existing undercollections of the net water revenue adjustment mechanism/modified cost balancing account ("wram/mcba") balance amounting to approximately $32 million at december 31, 2016, over 5 years earning interest at the 90-day commercial paper rate; and (ii) modification of existing conservation and rationing plans.
2017 and beyond we believe our success in the future will be driven by engaged employees, smart investments and safe, efficient operations leading to highly satisfied customers, which in turn will lead to constructive regulatory outcomes and sustainable financial performance. our future results will continue to be anchored on our five central themes with customers at the center of all we do. these five central themes are our focus over the next five years:
•   customers. our focus continues on our customers by achieving customer satisfaction and service quality targets in the top quartile of our industry. our comprehensive customer experience initiative is designed to make it easier for customers to do business with us. our focus on water quality continues to converge people, technology and innovation to deliver industry leading water quality. we intend to continue to make needed infrastructure investments while implementing operational efficiency improvements to help keep customer rates affordable.
•   safety. our focus continues to put safety first in everything that we do. our safety focus includes the safety and health of our employees, our customers and the public. we measure our success through water quality, osha recordable incident and dart rates ("days away, restricted or transferred"), where we strive to achieve industry leading performance.
•   people. our focus on our employees and culture is paramount to our success going forward. we intend to continue our focus on ensuring we have strong relationships with our union employees, effective training and development plans for all employees and a diverse workforce.
•   growth. we expect to invest $6.7 to $7.3 billion over the next five years, with $1.5 billion in 2017, as follows:
▪   capital investment to improve infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment of $5.9 billion, with $1.25 billion expected in 2017;
▪   growth from acquisitions in our regulated businesses segment of $600 million to $1.2 billion to expand our water and wastewater customer base with $120 million to 240 million expected in 2017; and
▪   strategic capital investments of about $200 million for the next five years with approximately $100 million expected in 2017, which includes investments related growth in our market-based businesses as we expand markets and new offerings, and evaluate potential opportunities to assist the natural gas exploration and production industry in the delivery of water to support their processes. also, we are building a new corporate headquarters in camden, new jersey, which is expected to be complete in 2018. this project is eligible for up to $164 million in tax credits from new jersey's economic development authority.
the chart below presents our estimated percentage of projected capital expenditures over the period of 2017 to 2021 for improving infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment by purpose:
•   technology and operational efficiency. we intend to continue our commitment to operational efficiency, technology, innovation and environmental leadership. we plan to continue to modernize our infrastructure and leverage technological advancements to enhance customer experience, drive operation efficiency, provide data integration and analytics and enhance security. we have set a goal to achieve an adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio (a non-gaap measure, see below for additional information) equal to or below 32.5% by 2021. we are committed to environmental leadership while providing safe, reliable and cost effective water and water-related services to our customers.
with respect to our adjusted o&m efficiency ratio goal for 2021, we are unable to provide without unreasonable efforts a quantitative reconciliation of each component of this ratio to the most comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap. in calculating the components of the ratio, certain items that may ultimately be excluded would be reflective of events that cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. the unavailable information would include, among other things, the impact of items currently excluded from the calculation of the components, adjustments for weather conditions that exceed a certain threshold of variability and adjustments for events or circumstances that may not be reflective of ongoing operating results. the probable significance of these items is also presently unknown and cannot be reasonably estimated.
consolidated results of operations the following table presents our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31:
operating revenues                                           $3,302                $3,159                $3,011           $143                   4.5          $148                     4.9
operating expenses:
operation and maintenance                                     1,504                 1,404                 1,350            100                   7.1            54                     4.0
total operating expenses, net                                 2,222                 2,084                 2,008            138                   6.6            76                     3.8
operating income                                              1,080                 1,075                 1,003              5                   0.5            72                     7.2
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                     -                     -                    (7   )          -                     -             7                  (100.0   )
comparison of consolidated results of operations operating revenues. in 2016, operating revenues increased $143 million, or 4.5%, primarily due to a:
•   $128 million increase in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to authorized rate increases to fund infrastructure investment growth, acquisitions, organic growth and incremental revenues from surcharges and balancing accounts; and
•   $17 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily attributable to our acquisition of keystone in the third quarter of 2015, and incremental revenues from our homeowner services and contract operations groups; partially offset by a decrease in our military services group revenues.
in 2015, operating revenues increased $148 million, or 4.9%, primarily due to an:
•   $69 million increase in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to rate increases, infrastructure charges and increased demand, partially offset by decreased surcharges and balancing accounts in 2015;
•   $53 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental revenue from increased construction project activity in our military services group and contract growth in our homeowners services group; and
•   $26 million increase attributable to our keystone acquisition, which is included in our market-based businesses.
operation and maintenance. in 2016, operation and maintenance expense increased $100 million, or 7.1%, primarily due to a:
•   $65 million charge in our regulated businesses attributable to the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims arising out of the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia;
•   $16 million increase in our regulated businesses operations and maintenance expenses principally due to higher employee-related costs and litigation expenses, partially offset by lower insurance claims and uncollectible accounts expense; and
•   $14 million increase in our market-based businesses with $11 million attributable to keystone and the remaining $3 million primarily due to incremental costs associated with growth in our homeowner services group and contract operations group.
in 2015, operation and maintenance expense increased $54 million, or 4.0%, primarily due to a:
•   $45 million increase in our market-based businesses primarily due to incremental costs in our military services group and homeowner services group corresponding with the increases in operating revenues discussed above;
•   $24 million increase attributable to our keystone acquisition; partially offset by a
•   $17 million decrease in our regulated businesses segment primarily due to lower production costs, contract services and transportation costs, partially offset by higher casualty insurance costs.
depreciation and amortization. in 2016 and 2015, depreciation and amortization expense increased $30 million and $16 million, or 6.8% and 3.8%, respectively. the increase for both periods was primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service. also included in 2016 is incremental depreciation and amortization expense resulting from the acquisition of keystone in the third quarter of 2015.
general taxes. in 2016, general taxes increased $15 million, or 6.2%, due to higher gross receipt taxes and higher property taxes in our regulated businesses segment.
other income (expenses). in 2016, other expenses increased by $17 million, or 5.8%, principally due to an increase in interest expense from the issuance of incremental long-term debt, as well as, an increase in short-term interest expense mainly due to higher levels of short-term borrowings during 2016 coupled with an increase in the average short-term borrowing rates in 2016 compared to 2015.
in december 2015, the accelerated tax benefit for bonus depreciation was legislatively extended through 2019. bonus depreciation applies to certain qualified capital investments placed into service and allows for a bonus depreciation provision of 50% for both 2016 and 2017, 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019. we have federal nol carryforwards of $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2016. as such, the election of bonus depreciation will be annually determined on a state-by-state basis and will include, among other items, an evaluation of our ability to utilize our federal nol carryforwards, charitable contribution carryforwards, and state regulatory practices. if we elect bonus depreciation for all years, we would not expect to pay federal income taxes until 2021 under current internal revenue service regulations.
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax. as previously noted, the financial results of our terratec line of business within our market-based businesses was classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented. the sale of terratec was completed in 2014. the 2014 loss from discontinued operations, net of tax includes the loss on sale, a tax valuation allowance and operating results.
segment results of operations our segments are determined based on how we assess performance and allocate resources. we evaluate the performance of our segments and allocate resources based on several factors, with the primary measure being income from continuing operations.
we conduct our business primarily through one reportable segment, our regulated businesses segment. we also operate businesses that provide a broad range of related and complementary water and wastewater services, which includes four operating segments that individually do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment. these four non-reportable segments have been combined and are presented as market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of our businesses.
regulated businesses segment the following table summarizes certain financial information for our regulated businesses segment:
operating revenues                                    $2,871                    $2,743                    $2,674
operation and maintenance                              1,176                     1,095                     1,112
operating expenses, net                                1,852                     1,732                     1,726
operating revenues. the following tables and discussions provide explanation of the variances related to the three components of operating revenues--water revenues, wastewater revenues and other revenues:
(dollars in millions)                                                   operating revenues                                     %                                    %
water service:
billed water services            2,697                     2,595                     2,556           102                     3.9            39                    1.5
unbilled water services             13                        (3   )                   (25   )        16                  (533.3   )        22                  (88.0   )
total operating revenues        $2,871                    $2,743                    $2,674          $128                     4.7           $69                    2.6
water service residential                   174,599                     175,653                     176,975        (1,054   )              (0.6   )        (1,322   )              (0.7   )
billed water services         346,231                     347,740                     351,082        (1,509   )              (0.4   )        (3,342   )              (1.0   )
note: the correlation between water service revenues and billed water sales volumes shown above is impacted by the california drought. in 2015 and to a lesser extent in 2016 california experienced a severe drought. in april 2015, the governor mandated water usage restrictions to reduce overall water usage by 25% in the state compared to 2013 levels. revenue in california is decoupled from sales volume through the water revenue adjustment mechanism and the modified cost balancing account, aligning our water conservation goals with those of the state and our customers and therefore usage reductions do not impact earnings.
in 2016, operating revenues increased $128 million, or 4.7%, primarily due to a:
•   $92 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, primarily to fund investment growth in various states;
•   $23 million increase resulting from water and wastewater acquisitions as well as organic growth in existing systems;
•   $13 million net increase principally due to revenues from balancing accounts, with the majority associated with our california subsidiary, surcharges and other adjustments.
in 2015, operating revenues increased $69 million, or 2.6%, primarily due to a:
•   $6 million increase attributable to recent water and wastewater acquisitions coupled with organic growth in existing systems;
•   $5 million incremental revenues for late payments and reconnection fees; partially offset by a
operation and maintenance. the following table and discussions provide a detailed explanation of the variances related to the major components of operation and maintenance.
operating supplies and services                212                     194                     217        18                    9.3            (23   )              (10.6   )
maintenance materials and supplies              73                      70                      68         3                    4.3              2                    2.9
customer billing and accounting                 54                      63                      61        (9   )              (14.3   )          2                    3.3
•   $4 million increase in waste disposal cost mainly attributable to higher sludge removal costs; partially offset by a
•   $9 million decrease primarily due to lower usage in our california subsidiary as a result of statewide conservation initiatives, including decreases of $8 million in purchased water and $1 million in fuel and power; partially offset by a
other benefits                     21                      19                      20         2                  10.5            (1    )             (5.0   )
•   $19 million increase in compensation in support of the growth of the business;
•   $9 million increase in medical and prescription drug group insurance costs, offset by a
•   $10 million decrease in other postretirement benefit plan expenses as a result of plan amendments in the third quarter of 2016; and
•   $6 million decrease in costs due to an increase in capitalized labor attributable to an increase in capital investments.
•   $14 million reduction largely attributable to fewer employees and an increase in capital projects, which in turn resulted in higher capitalization rates; partially offset by a
•   $14 million increase in pension costs and postretirement benefits costs, which is included in the group insurance line above, primarily due to the adoption of new mortality assumptions and a decrease in the discount rate resulting in increased plan obligations.
operating supplies and services for the years ended december 31,                          increase                              increase
contracted services                      $84                     $81                     $88        $3                    3.7       $(7         )              (8.0   )
office supplies and services              45                      44                      45         1                    2.3             (1    )              (2.2   )
in 2016, operating supplies and services increased $18 million, or 9.3%, primarily due to:
•   $5 million write-off related to timekeeping system costs that were capitalized under construction work in process; and
•   $3 million adjustment in 2015 attributable to the recognition of a regulatory asset for previously expensed business transformation costs as a result of the finalization of our california rate case.
in 2015, operating supplies and services decreased $23 million, or 10.6%, primarily due to a:
•   $5 million decrease in condemnation and conservation costs primarily due to initiatives in 2014 incurred by our california subsidiary;
•   $3 million decrease in legal services;
•   $3 million adjustment attributable to the recognition of a regulatory asset for previously expensed business transformation costs as a result of the finalization of our california rate case; and
maintenance materials and supplies in 2016, maintenance materials and supplies increased $3 million, or 4.3%, primarily due to a:
•   $10 million increase in tank painting; partially offset by a
•   $ 5 million decrease in main breaks maintenance cost as a result of milder winter weather in 2016.
in 2015, maintenance materials and supplies increased $2 million, or 2.9%, primarily due to an increase in tank painting costs.
customer billing and accounting customer billing and accounting expenses decreased $9 million, or 14.3%, in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to a decrease in uncollectible accounts expense primarily attributable to focused collection efforts.
other in 2016, other operation and maintenance expenses increased $50 million, or 89.3%, primarily due to a:
•   $65 million charge resulting from the binding global agreement in principle to settle claims associated with the freedom industries chemical spill in west virginia; partially offset by a
•   $15 million decrease in casualty insurance costs attributable to a decrease in historical claims experience.
in 2015, other operation and maintenance expenses increased $9 million, or 19.1%, primarily due to an increase in casualty insurance costs as a result of an increase in historical claims experience resulting in premium adjustments.
operating expenses, net. for the year ended december 31, 2016, operating expenses, net increased $120 million, or 6.9% compared to same period in prior year, primarily due to:
•   $81 million increase in operation and maintenance expense as explained above;
•   $30 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense attributable to additional utility plant placed in service; and
•   $14 million increase in general tax expense most of which is associated with incremental property and gross receipt taxes.
market-based businesses the following table summarizes certain financial information for our market-based businesses:
operating revenues                                        $451                    $434                    $355
operation and maintenance                                  372                     358                     289
operating expenses, net                                    391                     370                     300
operating revenues. in 2016, operating revenues increased $17 million, or 3.9%, primarily due to a:
•   $15 million increase resulting from keystone, which was acquired in the third quarter of 2015;
•   $11 million increase in our homeowner services group revenues primarily due to contract growth, as well as expansion into new geographic areas and price increases for certain existing customers; and
•   $11 million increase in our contract operations group revenues primarily due to contract growth, mostly associated with our contract in camden, new jersey; partially offset by a
•   $21 million decrease in our military services group revenues primarily due to lower capital upgrades in 2016 attributable to higher project activity in 2015 partially offset by incremental revenues due to the addition of vandenberg air force base in 2016.
in 2015, operating revenues increased $79 million, or 22.3%, primarily due to a:
•   $41 million increase in our military services group revenues primarily due to additional construction project activities and the addition of two military contracts, hill air force base and picatinny arsenal, in the second half of 2015;
•   $15 million increase in our homeowner services group revenues primarily due to contract growth, mainly in new york city, and the expansion into other geographic areas; and
•   $26 million increase resulting from keystone; partially offset by a
•   $3 million decrease in our contract operations group revenues primarily attributable to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts.
operation and maintenance. the following table provides information regarding components of operation and maintenance:
operating supplies and services                165                     182                     138        (17    )             (9.3   %)        44                31.9   %
maintenance materials and supplies              68                      57                      47         11                  19.3    %        10                21.3   %
in 2016, operation and maintenance expense increased $14 million, or 3.9%, primarily due to a:
•   $11 million increase resulting from keystone, including $8 million in employee-related costs, $1 million in operating supplies and services and $1 million in other;
•   $11 million increase in maintenance materials and supplies primarily due to contract growth in our homeowner services and contract operations groups, as well as higher claims, marketing expenses, and costs associated with our investment in a new customer information system in our homeowner services group; and
•   $10 million increase in employee-related costs primarily due to the addition of the vandenberg air force base contract, as well as increased headcount resulting from contract growth in our homeowner services and contract operations groups; partially offset by a
•   $18 million decrease in operating supplies and services primarily due to lower capital upgrades in our military services group, as discussed above.
in 2015, operation and maintenance expense increased $69 million, or 23.9%, primarily due to a:
•   $30 million increase in our military services group operating supplies and services primarily due to increased construction project activities and the addition of two military contracts;
•   $24 million increase resulting from keystone, including $9 million in employee-related costs, $14 million in operating supplies and services and $1 million in maintenance, materials and supplies;
•   $7 million increase in our homeowner services group maintenance and supplies primarily due to higher repair costs incurred, which was attributable to the increase in the number of contracts; and
•   $5 million increase in our military services group and homeowners services group employee-related costs, which was attributable to the addition of two military contracts and increase in headcount.
liquidity and capital resources we regularly evaluate and monitor our cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt maturities, interest and dividends. our business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, we also obtain funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. our access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on our credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industries in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. if these business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that we no longer are able to access the capital markets on reasonable terms, we have access to an unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate bank commitments of $1.75 billion, with an expiration date of june 2020 (subject to extension by us for up to two one-year periods). we rely on this revolving credit facility and the capital markets to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs, to issue letters of credit and to support our commercial paper program. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit our ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets. see "credit facility and short-term debt" below for further discussion. in order to meet our short-term liquidity needs, we, through awcc, our wholly owned financing subsidiary, issue commercial paper, which is supported by the revolving credit facility. awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $88 million of outstanding letters of credit under its credit facility as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2016, awcc had $1.75 billion available under the credit facility that we could use to fulfill our short-term liquidity needs and to issue letters of credit, which supported our $849 million outstanding commercial paper. we believe that our ability to access the capital markets, our revolving credit facility and our cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund our short-term requirements. we have no plans to issue equity under normal operating conditions in the foreseeable future with the limited exception of privately or investor-owned tuck-in acquisitions whose sellers require equity as necessary to complete the acquisition. we believe we have sufficient liquidity and ability to manage our expenditures should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, there can be no assurances that our lenders will meet their existing commitments or that we will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all.
in addition, our regulated subsidiaries receive advances and contributions from customers, home builders and real estate developers to fund construction necessary to extend service to new areas. advances for construction are refundable for limited periods, which vary according to state regulations, as new customers begin to receive service or other contractual obligations are fulfilled. amounts which are no longer refundable are reclassified to contributions in aid of construction. utility plant funded by advances and contributions is excluded from our regulated businesses rate base. generally, we depreciate contributed property and amortize contributions in aid of construction at the composite rate of the related property. some of our subsidiaries do not depreciate contributed property, based on regulatory guidelines.
we use our capital resources, including cash, primarily to; (i) fund operating and capital requirements; (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities; (iii) pay dividends; (iv) fund acquisitions; and (v) fund pension and postretirement benefit obligations. we invest a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where we expect to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, we operate in rate-regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery generally takes place over an extended period of time, and certain capital recovery is also subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-operating segments-regulated businesses-economic regulation and rate making process. we expect to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since we expect our capital investments over the next few years to be greater than or equal to our cash flows from operating activities, we have no plans to reduce debt significantly.
if necessary, the company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity, if necessary. in this event, we believe we can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet our obligations and fund our minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
cash flows provided by operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the third quarter of each fiscal year. our future cash flows provided by operating activities will be affected by, among other things, economic utility regulation; inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; customer growth; declining customer usage of water; employee-related costs, including pension funding; weather and seasonality; taxes; and overall economic conditions.
cash flows provided by operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements, make our dividend payments and fund a portion of our capital expenditure requirements. we expect to seek access to debt capital markets to meet the balance of our capital expenditure requirements as needed. we also have access to equity capital markets, if needed. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in our rate regulated environments or changes in our customers' economic outlook and ability to pay for service in a timely manner. as such, our working capital needs are primarily limited to funding increases in customer accounts receivable and unbilled revenues mainly associated with revenue increases in our regulated businesses. we can provide no assurance that our customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. sometimes our current liabilities exceed current assets because of the company's debt due within one year and the periodic use of short-term debt as a funding source primarily to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, as well as cash needs which can fluctuate significantly due to the seasonality of the business, stage of our acquisitions and construction projects. we address cash timing differences through the aforementioned liquidity funding mechanisms.
the following table provides a summary of the major items affecting our cash flows provided by operating activities:
impact of binding global agreement in principle             65                           -                           -
changes in working capital (b)                               9                         (13   )                       3
pension and postretirement benefit contributions           (53   )                     (57   )                     (52   )
net cash flows provided by operating activities         $1,276                      $1,179                      $1,097
(a)   includes depreciation and amortization, provision for deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits, provision for losses on accounts receivable, (gain) loss on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits, and other non-cash items. details of each component can be found in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)   changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and other current assets and liabilities.
in 2016, cash flows provided by operations increased $97 million primarily due to an increase in net income after non-cash adjustments and the impact of the binding global agreement in principle which is not expected to be paid until late 2017 or early 2018 and an increase in cash flows from working capital.  the main factors contributing to net income increase are described in this section under "comparison of consolidated results of operations" and included higher operating revenue partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense. the increase in non-cash activities was mainly the result of an increase in depreciation and amortization attributable to infrastructure investment projects placed into service. the change in working capital was primarily the result of the following: (1) a change in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues resulting from continuous improvement in our regulated businesses' collection efforts, as well as a decrease in unbilled revenues in our military services group attributable to lower capital upgrades in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015; (2) timing of accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and (3) change in other current assets and liabilities.
in 2015, cash flows provided by operations increased $82 million primarily due to higher net income mainly as a result of improved operating performance. the main factors of this increase are described in this section under "comparison of consolidated results of operations" and included higher operating revenue partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense. the increase in non-cash activities were mainly the result of an increase in pensions/post-retirement benefit expense and higher deferred taxes. pension/postretirement benefit expense increased in 2015 due to changes in actuarial assumptions, including the adoption of new mortality tables. the increase in deferred taxes was due to accelerated tax depreciation related to infrastructure investments. offsetting these increases was a decrease in working capital which was principally driven by an increase in receivables and unbilled revenues due to higher customer rates; an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, most of which was associated with the timing of payments and increase in accrued insurance; and a decrease in other current assets and liabilities, net which is the result of an increase in the book overdraft liability in 2014 for which there was no comparable change in 2015.
the company expects to make pension and postretirement contributions to the plan trusts of $46 million in 2017, of which $11 million was already made in 2017. in addition, we estimate that contributions will amount to $43 million in 2018, $38 million in both 2019 and 2020 and $42 million in 2021. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
net capital expenditures                      $(1,311       )             $(1,160       )             $(956         )
proceeds from sale of assets and securities   9                           5                           14
in 2016 and 2015, cash flows used in investing activities increased primarily due to an increase in our regulated capital expenditures, principally from incremental investments associated with the replacement and renewal of our transmission and distribution infrastructure.
our infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where we replace infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where we construct new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. our projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
the following table provides a summary of our historical capital expenditures related to upgrading our infrastructure and systems:
services, meter and fire hydrants             297                     214                     170
business transformation project                 -                       -                       8
sources of supply                              59                      53                      31
total capital expenditures                 $1,311                  $1,160                    $956
in 2016, capital expenditures increased $151 million, or 13.0%, primarily due to the continued investment across the majority of our infrastructure categories.
in 2015, capital expenditures increased $204 million, or 21.3%, primarily due to continued investment across all infrastructure categories, mainly replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution infrastructure.
we also grow our business through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems, as well as other water-related services. these acquisitions are complementary to our existing business and support continued geographical diversification and growth of our operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt and later refinanced with the proceeds from long-term debt.
the following provides a summary of the acquisitions and dispositions affecting our cash flows from investing activities:
•   paid $199 million for 15 water and wastewater systems representing approximately 42,000 customers.
•   made a non-escrowed deposit of $5 million related to the pending mckeesport acquisition.
•   received $9 million for the sale of assets and securities.
•   paid $133 million for the acquisition of our ninety-five percent interest in water solutions holdings, llc, the parent company of keystone.
•   paid $64 million for 14 water and wastewater systems representing approximately 24,000 customers.
•   received $5 million for the sale of assets and securities.
•   paid $9 million for 13 water and wastewater systems representing approximately 4,500 customers.
•   received $14 million for the sale of assets and securities.
as previously noted, we expect to invest in the range of $6.7 to $7.3 billion from 2017 through 2021. in 2017, we estimate that our total capital expenditures will be $1.5 billion, with $1.25 billion allocated to improving infrastructure in our regulated businesses segment and $220 million to $340 million for acquisitions and strategic capital investments, including construction of our corporate headquarters building as discussed below.
we are moving forward with our plan to construct a new corporate headquarters to consolidate our support services and certain of our employees in our market-based businesses within a single location. on december 2, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of the land on camden, new jersey's waterfront and began construction. the cost of construction is currently estimated to be up to $165 million and exclusive of any tax incentives that the company may receive.
cash flows from financing activities our financing activities, primarily focused on funding infrastructure construction expenditures, include the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc. in addition, new infrastructure may be funded with customer advances and contributions in aid of construction (net of refunds), which amounted to $16 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and $26 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. based on the needs of our regulated subsidiaries and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provides those borrowings to the regulated subsidiaries and the company. the regulated subsidiaries and the company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. because the company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated subsidiaries, the company is not able to recover the interest charges on the company's debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2016, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to our regulated businesses amounting to $3.6 billion and $600 million, respectively. additionally, as of december 31, 2016, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the company totaling $1.4 billion and $249 million, respectively.
on march 24, 2016, we entered into three forward starting swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $225 million to reduce interest rate exposure for a portion of the expected refinancing of our 6.085% fixed-rate long-term debt maturing in 2017. these forward starting swap agreements terminate in december 2017 and have an average fixed interest rate of 2.29%. on july 1, 2016, we entered into another forward starting swap agreement with a notional amount of $75 million at a 30-year fixed rate of 1.92% to reduce the average 30-year fixed rate on the total hedged notional amount of $300 million to 2.20%. on february 8, 2017, we entered into a forward starting swap agreement with a notional amount of $100 million to reduce interest rate exposure for a portion of the expected refinancing of our 5.62% fixed-rate long-term debt maturing in december 2018. this forward starting swap agreement terminates in november 2018 and has a fixed rate of 2.67%. changes in the fair value of the forward starting swaps will be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the agreement's termination date.
in may, 2015, the company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables us to meet our capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock and other equity securities, and awcc debt types of securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration will expire in may 2018. during 2016, 2015 and 2014, $550 million, $550 million and $500 million, respectively, of debt securities were issued pursuant to this and predecessor registration statements.
american water capital corp. (a)    senior notes-fixed rate                                        3.00%-4.00%   2026-2046        $550
(a)   on november 17, 2016, awcc completed an offering of its senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this offering were used to lend funds to the company and its regulated utilities, to repay its commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $6 million of debt as a result of an acquisition in 2016, which had a fixed interest rate of 1.00% and matures in 2037.
american water capital corp.        senior notes-fixed rate                        5.52%   2016                   $37
american water capital corp.        private activity bonds and government    1.79%-2.90%        2021-2031           1
(a)   on august 13, 2015, awcc completed an offering of its senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this offering were used to lend funds to the company and its regulated utilities, to refinance commercial paper borrowings and to finance redemptions of long-term debt.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $1 million of debt as a result of an acquisition in 2015, which has a fixed interest rate of 1.00% and matures in 2040.
(a)   includes $2 million of non-cash redemptions resulting from the use of restricted funds.
(a)   on august 14, 2014, awcc completed an offering of its senior fixed rate notes. proceeds from this offering were used to lend funds to the company and its regulated utilities, to refinance commercial paper borrowings and to finance redemptions of long-term debt.
(b)   proceeds from the above issuance were received in 2014 and have been utilized to fund certain specific projects. $10.0 million of these proceeds are held in trust pending our certification that we have incurred qualifying capital expenditures. these issuances have been presented as non-cash on the consolidated statements of cash flows. subsequent releases of all or a lesser portion of the funds by the trust are reflected as the release of restricted funds and are included in the investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
in addition to the above issuances, we also assumed $2 million of debt as a result of acquisitions in 2014.
american water capital corp.            private activity bonds and government    6.00%-6.75%        2018-2032        $101
funded debt-fixed rate american water capital corp.            senior notes-fixed rate                        6.00%   2039                    59
(a)   includes $1.0 million of non-cash redemptions resulting from the use of restricted funds.
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, we may engage in long-term debt retirements via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives to strengthen our balance sheets.
in february 2015, our board of directors authorized an anti-dilutive common stock repurchase program to mitigate the effect of shares issued through our dividend reinvestment, employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. the program allows the company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock over an unrestricted period of time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the program is conducted in accordance with rule 10b-18 of the exchange act, and to facilitate the repurchases, the company has also entered into a rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plans with a third-party broker, which allows us to repurchase shares at times when we may otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. subject to applicable regulations, the company may elect to amend or cancel this repurchase program or the share repurchase parameters at its discretion. as of december 31, 2016, we have repurchased an aggregate of approximately 3.3 million shares of common stock under this program.
credit facility and short-term debt we have an unsecured revolving credit facility of $1.75 billion through june 2020.  in march 2016, and under the terms of the revolving credit agreement dated june 30, 2015, awcc exercised its right to increase its borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility from the aggregate maximum of $1.25 billion to $1.75 billion.  all other terms, conditions and covenants with respect to the existing facility remained unchanged.  on june 30, 2015, awcc and its lenders extended the termination date of the revolving credit facility from october 2018 to june 2020. this amended and restated agreement also allowed awcc to request to extend further the term of the credit facility for up to two one-year periods.  an extension request must satisfy certain conditions and receive approval of the lenders, as set forth in the agreement.
interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the eurodollar rate or base rate in accordance with awcc then-applicable moody investors service or standard & poor's ratings services credit rating. at current ratings that spread would be 0.90%. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between american water and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by american water of awcc's payment obligations under the credit facility.
awcc also has an outstanding commercial paper program that is backed by the revolving credit facility, the maximum aggregate amount of which on march 22, 2016 was increased from $1.0 billion to $1.6 billion.
keystone has its own line of credit facility with a maximum availability of up to $16 million dependent on a collateral base calculation.  borrowings under this facility are payable upon demand with interest being paid monthly. interest accrues each day at a rate per annum equal to 2.75% above the greater of the one month or one day libor. the borrowing base under the facility allows for financing up to the greater of the note or 80% of eligible accounts receivable. based on the collateral assets at december 31, 2016, $6 million was available to borrow.  at december 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings.
the following table summarizes information regarding the company's aggregate credit facility commitments, letter of credit sub-limits and available funds under those revolving credit facilities, as well as outstanding amounts of commercial paper and outstanding borrowings under the respective facilities as of december 31, 2016 and 2015:
credit facility           available credit            letter of credit            available letter of           commercial            available commercial commitment                facility capacity           sublimit                    credit capacity               paper limit           paper capacity
capital structure the following table indicates the percentage of our capitalization represented by the components of our capital structure as of december 31:
short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt                  11.5   %           5.9   %           4.7   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to an increase in the current portion of long-term debt.
debt covenants our debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that we are not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in our ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access our revolving credit facility. our long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. our failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
covenants in certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require us to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2016, our ratio was 0.58 to 1.00 and therefore we were in compliance with the covenants.
security ratings our access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by our securities ratings. we primarily access the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, we have also issued debt through our regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower our overall cost of debt.
our long-term and short-term credit rating and rating outlook as of december 31, 2016 are as follows:
securities              service             ratings service rating outlook          stable              stable senior unsecured debt   a3                  a commercial paper        p2                  a-1
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon our ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service our debt and meet our investment plans. we can provide no assurances that our ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain our existing ratings. none of our borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under our credit facility.
as part of the normal course of business, we routinely enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit us and our counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if we are downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that we provide collateral to secure our obligations. we do not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
dividends our board of directors authorizes the payment of dividends. our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is subject to having access to sufficient sources of liquidity, the net income and cash flows of our subsidiaries, the receipt of dividends and repayments of indebtedness from our subsidiaries, compliance with delaware corporate and other laws, compliance with the contractual provisions of debt and other agreements, and other factors. the company's dividend rate on its common stock is determined by the board of directors on a quarterly basis and takes into consideration, among other factors, current and possible future developments that may affect the company's income and cash flows. historically, dividends have been paid quarterly to holders of record approximately 15 days prior to the distribution date. since the dividends on our common stock are not cumulative, only declared dividends are paid.
on december 9, 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.375 per share payable on march 1, 2017 to stockholders of record as of february 7, 2017.
regulatory restrictions the issuance by the company or awcc of long-term debt or equity securities does not require authorization of any state puc if no guarantee or pledge of the regulated subsidiaries is utilized. however, state puc authorization is required to issue long-term debt at most of our regulated subsidiaries. our regulated subsidiaries normally obtain the required approvals on a periodic basis to cover their anticipated financing needs for a period of time or in connection with a specific financing.
under applicable law, our subsidiaries can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or current earnings. a significant loss recorded at a subsidiary may limit the dividends that the subsidiary can distribute to us. furthermore, the ability of our subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or repay indebtedness to american water is subject to compliance with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as
insurance coverage we carry various property, casualty and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that we believe are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going forward basis. we are self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on our short-term and long-term financial condition and our results of operations and cash flows.
contractual obligations and commitments we enter into contractual obliga tions with third parties in the ordinary course of business. information related to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 is summarized in the table below:
operating lease obligations (c)                         122                        14                  23                  15                   70
postretirement benefit plans' obligations (f)             6                         6                   -                   -                    -
note:  the above table reflects only financial obligations and commitments. therefore, performance obligations associated with our market-based businesses are not included in the above amounts. also, uncertain tax positions of $169 million are not reflected in this table as we cannot predict when open tax years will close with completed examinations. see note 13-income taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(a)   represents sinking fund obligations, debt maturities and capital lease obligations.
(b)   represents expected interest payments on outstanding long-term debt. amounts reported may differ from actual due to future financing of debt.
(c)   represents future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases, primarily for the lease of motor vehicles, buildings, land and other equipment including water facilities and systems constructed by partners under the public-private partnerships described below.
(d)   represents future payments under water purchase agreements for minimum quantities of water.
(e)   represents the open purchase orders as of december 31, 2016, for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business.
(f)   represents contributions expected to be made to pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2017 through 2021.
(g)   includes an estimate of advances for construction to be refunded, capital expenditures estimated to be required under legal and binding contractual obligations, contracts entered into for energy purchases, a liability associated with a conservation agreement and service agreements.
public-private partnerships wvawc has entered into a series of agreements with various public entities, which we refer to as the partners, to establish certain joint ventures, commonly referred to as "public-private partnerships." under the public-private partnerships, wvawc constructed utility plant, financed by wvawc, and the partners constructed utility plant (connected to wvawc's property), financed by the partners. wvawc agreed to transfer and convey some of its real and personal property to the partners in exchange for an equal principal amount of industrial development bonds, commonly referred to as idbs, issued by the partners under a state industrial development bond and commercial development act. wvawc leased back the total facilities, including portions funded by both wvawc and the partners, under leases for a period of 40 years.
the leases have payments that approximate the payments required by the terms of the idbs. these payments are considered "pilot payments" which represent payments in lieu of taxes and approximate what wvawc otherwise would pay as property taxes
on the properties. we have presented the transaction on a net basis in the consolidated financial statements. the carrying value of the transferred facilities, which is presented in property, plant and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets, was approximately $152 million as of december 31, 2016.
performance obligations we have entered into agreements for the provision of services to water and wastewater facilities for the united states military, municipalities and other customers. these military services agreements expire between 2051 and 2065 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenues of $3.1 billion as of december 31, 2016. the operations and maintenance agreements with municipalities and other customers expire between 2015 and 2048 and have remaining performance commitments as measured by estimated remaining contract revenue of $794 million as of december 31, 2016. some of the company's long-term contracts to operate and maintain a municipality's, federal government's or other party's water or wastewater treatment and delivery facilities include responsibility for certain major maintenance for some of the facilities, in exchange for an annual fee.
critical accounting policies and estimates the application of critical accounting policies is particularly important to our financial condition and results of operations and provides a framework for management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments. although our management believes that these estimates, assumptions and other judgments are appropriate, they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and other judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations as reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. judgments made include anticipated recovery of costs, especially through regulated operations, the likelihood of success of particular projects, possible legal and regulatory challenges, assumptions made in regards to pension and other benefit and forecast assumptions utilized in goodwill impairment testing. our management has reviewed these critical accounting policies, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them, with our audit committee. in addition, our management has also reviewed the following disclosures regarding the application of these critical accounting policies with the audit committee.
for further information, see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
rate regulation and regulatory accounting our regulated utility subsidiaries are subject to regulation by state pucs and the local governments of the states in which they operate. as such, we follow the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated entities, which requires us to reflect the effects of rate regulation in our financial statements. use of the authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2016, we concluded that the operations of our regulated subsidiaries met the criteria.
the application of the accounting principles has a further effect on the company's financial statements as a result of the estimates of allowable costs used in the ratemaking process. we make significant assumptions and estimates to quantify amounts recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. such judgements include but are not limited to assets and liabilities related to regulated acquisitions, pension and postretirement benefits, depreciation rates and taxes. due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenue, these accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by an unregulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates; conversely, the principles allow creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers. regulators may also impose certain fines or penalties.
as of december 31, 2016, we have recorded $1.3 billion of regulatory assets and $403 million of regulatory liabilities within our consolidated financial statements. see note 6-regulatory assets and liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the significant regulatory assets and liabilities.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where we conduct business, we assess at the end of each reporting period whether the regulatory assets and liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in applicable regulatory environments, recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction, the status of any pending or potential legislation that could impact the ability to
recover costs through regulated rates. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or settlement, our statement of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if we conclude in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, we are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
goodwill the company has recorded $1.3 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2016 and 2015. the company's annual impairment test is performed as of november 30 of each year, in conjunction with the timing of the completion of the company's annual business plan. the company also undertakes interim reviews when the company determines that a triggering event that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value has occurred.
entities assessing goodwill for impairment have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. in performing a qualitative assessment, the company assess and makes judgments, among other things around, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, cost factors and entity specific events. if an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not greater than the carrying amount, no further testing is required. if the entity bypasses the qualitative assessment or performs the qualitative assessment, but determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative two-step, fair value-based test is performed.
the first step compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its respective net carrying values, including goodwill, on the measurement date. if the estimated fair value of any reporting unit is less than such reporting unit's carrying value, then the second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment loss (if any) for such reporting unit.
the second step requires an allocation of fair value to the individual assets and liabilities using purchase price allocation accounting guidance in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount for the reporting unit, an impairment loss is recorded as a reduction to goodwill and a charge to operating expense. application of the goodwill impairment test requires significant management judgment, including the identification of reporting units and determining the fair value of the reporting unit. management estimates fair value using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market multiples analysis. significant assumptions used in these fair value analyses include, but are not limited to, discount and growth rates and projected terminal values.
for further information, see note 7-goodwill and other intangible assets in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets include land, buildings, equipment and long-term investments. long-lived assets, other than investments and land, are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, and are reviewed for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. such circumstances would include items such as a significant decrease in the market value of a long-lived asset, a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is being used or planned to be used or in its physical condition, or a history of operating or cash flow losses associated with the use of the asset. in addition, changes in the expected useful life of these long-lived assets may also be an impairment indicator. when such events or changes occur, we estimate the fair value of the asset from future cash flows expected to result from the use and, if applicable, the eventual disposition of the assets, and compare that to the carrying value of the asset. if the carrying value is greater than the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value. the key variables that must be estimated include assumptions regarding sales volume, rates, operating costs, labor and other benefit costs, capital additions, assumed discount rates and other economic factors. these variables require significant management judgment and include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. a variation in the assumptions used could lead to a different conclusion regarding the realizability of an asset and, thus, could have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements.
the long-lived assets of the regulated utility subsidiaries are grouped on a separate entity basis for impairment testing as they are integrated state-wide operations that do not have the option to curtail service and generally have uniform tariffs. a regulatory asset is charged to earnings if and when future recovery in rates of that asset is no longer probable.
the fair values of long-term investments are dependent on the financial performance and solvency of the entities in which we invest, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets. in assessing potential impairment for these investments, we consider these
factors. if such assets are considered impaired, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value.
revenue recognition revenues of the regulated utility subsidiaries are recognized as water and wastewater services are delivered to customers and include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis and unbilled amounts based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill to the end of the accounting period. unbilled utility revenues as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $161 million and $144 million, respectively. increases or decrease in volumes delivered to the utilities' customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the estimated unbilled revenue.
revenue from market-based businesses is recognized as services are rendered. revenues from certain construction projects are recognized over the contract term based on the costs incurred to date during the period compared to the total estimated costs over the entire contract. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the loss first becomes probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenue. unbilled market-based revenues as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 were $102 million and $123 million, respectively. billings in excess of revenues recognized on construction contracts are recorded as other current liabilities on the balance sheet until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined.
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, we account for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and our intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. we also assess our ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. we record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when we conclude it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, our forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies, recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for our regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. while we believe the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 13-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits we maintain noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of our regulated utility and shared service operations. benefits under the plans are based on the employee's years of service and compensation. the pension plans were closed for most employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 had their accrued benefit frozen and will be able to receive this benefit as a lump sum upon termination or retirement. union employees hired on or after january 1, 2001 and non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006 are provided with a 5.25% of base pay defined
contribution plan. we also maintain other postretirement benefit plans, which provide varying levels of medical and life insurance for eligible retirees. these retiree welfare plans are closed for union employees hired on or after january 1, 2006. the plans had previously closed for non-union employees hired on or after january 1, 2002. the company also has several unfunded noncontributory supplemental non-qualified pension plans that provide additional retirement benefits to certain employees. the company does not participate in a multiemployer plan. see note 14-employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans. the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
•   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due;
•   expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs we record currently;
•   rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement;
•   health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care; and
•   mortality-in 2014, management adopted a table based on the society of actuaries rp 2014 mortality table including a generational bb-2d projection scale.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. we use an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. the yield curve was developed for a portfolio containing the majority of united states-issued aa-graded non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) corporate bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 4.28%, 4.66% and 4.24% at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the discount rate for determining other post-retirement benefit obligations was 4.26%, 4.67% and 4.24% at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in selecting an expected return on plan assets, we considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 7.02% for 2016, 6.91% for 2015, and 6.91% for 2014. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 5.37% for 2016, 4.92% for 2015 and 5.87% for 2014.
the asset allocations for the company's u.s. pension plan by asset category were as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                       as of december 31,
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                   2   %                 2      %                    2   %
the investment policy guidelines of the pension plan require that the fixed income portfolio has an overall weighted average credit rating of aa or better by standard & poor's and the minimum credit quality for fixed income securities must be bbb- or better. up to 20% of the portfolio may be invested in collateralized mortgage obligations backed by the united states government.
the company's other postretirement benefit plans are partially funded. the asset allocations for the company's other postretirement benefit plans by asset category were as follows:
target                     percentage of plan assets allocation                       as of december 31,
the company's investment policy, and related target asset allocation, is evaluated periodically through asset liability studies. the studies consider projected cash flows of maturity liabilities, projected asset class return risk, and correlation and risk tolerance.
the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts investments include debt and equity securities held either directly or through commingled funds. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses independent valuation firms to calculate the fair value of plan assets. additionally, the company independently verifies the assets values. approximately 44.8% of the assets are valued using the quoted market price for the assets in an active market at the measurement date, while 55.2% of the assets are valued using other inputs.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. our rate of compensation increase was 3.07% for 2016, 3.10% for 2015 and 3.12% for 2014.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, we consider past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. our health care cost trend rate used to calculate the periodic cost was 6.50% in 2016 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2021 and thereafter.
assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement benefit plans. the health care cost trend rate is based on historical rates and expected market conditions. a one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects:
change in actuarial assumption                         impact on other                              impact on 2016
postretirement                              total service benefit obligation as of december 31, 2016                     and interest cost components
increase assumed health care cost trend by 1%   $74                                                       $7
decrease assumed health care cost trend by 1%   $(61                                            )         $(6                 )
we will use a discount rate and eroa of 4.28% and 6.49%, respectively, for estimating our 2017 pension costs. additionally, we will use a discount rate and expected blended return based on weighted assets of 4.26% and 5.09%, respectively, for estimating our 2017 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase our pension expense. our 2016 and 2015 pension and postretirement benefit costs were $54 million and $61 million, respectively. the company expects to make pension and postretirement benefit contributions to the plan trusts of $39 million, $37 million, $38 million, $38 million and $42 million in 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards. as these assumptions change from period to period, recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts and funding requirements could also change.
accounting for contingencies we record loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limed to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. we provide disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. we provide estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
actual amounts realized upon settlement of contingencies may be different than amounts recor ded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of contingencies, see note 15-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.