if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our strategy to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product, the expansion of our new core banking platform beyond deposits and personal loans, and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
•   our ability to remain organizationally effective;
increasing cybersecurity threats and incidents regarding unauthorized access to consumer information have resulted in a continued focus by federal banking regulators, congress and state legislators on measures to enhance data security. the cybersecurity act of 2015 establishes a framework to facilitate and encourage confidential sharing of cybersecurity information among private sector and federal government entities and provides certain liability shields for cybersecurity information sharing. the federal financial institutions examination council recently revised examiner guidance for evaluating the adequacy of a financial institution's information security program and associated risk management practices. in addition, in october 2016, federal banking regulators issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking that provides for enhanced cyber risk management standards to increase the operational resilience of large financial services firms and reduce the systemic impact of a cybersecurity event. the timing and final form of any final rule is uncertain at this time. legislation at various levels of government has also been proposed to address security breach notification. these developments could ultimately result in the imposition of requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products but it is too early to know their impact.
additionally, we are subject to the u.s. liquidity coverage ratio rule issued by federal banking regulators in 2014, which became effective on january 1, 2016. this new quantitative requirement is designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the rule requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. given our current asset size, we are subject to a modified liquidity coverage ratio requirement which requires a lower level of high-quality liquid assets to meet the minimum ratio requirement due to adjustments to the net cash outflow amount. under the rule's transition period, we were required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 90% in 2016, which will increase to 100% in 2017. as of december 31, 2016, our liquidity coverage ratio was in excess of the applicable regulatory requirement. on december 19, 2016, the federal reserve issued a final rule that will require banking institutions subject to the liquidity coverage ratio rule to publish quarterly public disclosures regarding the company's liquidity risk profile and components of its liquidity coverage ratio calculation. discover will be required to publish its first disclosure under the rule beginning the fourth quarter of 2018.