item 1a. risk factors.
we face many risks. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, we and our businesses, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. our current and potential investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" before deciding to invest in our securities.
risks related to our taxation as a reit if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates and will not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders when computing our taxable income.
qualification for taxation as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. there are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes.
we expect to continue paying regular quarterly distributions, and, to achieve maximum tax efficiency and retain cash to allow us to make selective discretionary investments, we currently anticipate our typical regular quarterly distributions will be based on a payment of approximately 100% of our reit taxable income; however, the amount, timing and form of our regular quarterly distributions will be determined, and will be subject to adjustment, by our board of directors. to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders. generally, we expect to distribute all or substantially all of our reit taxable income. if our cash available for distribution falls short of our estimates, we may be unable to maintain distributions that approximate our reit taxable income and may fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. in addition, our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible expenditures, such as capital expenditures, payments of compensation for which section 162(m) of the code denies a deduction, the creation of reserves or required debt service or amortization payments.
to the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. in addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under the code.
we may be required to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity to satisfy reit distribution requirements, to comply with asset ownership tests or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives.
in order to meet the reit distribution requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit, or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. any insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our reit distribution requirements could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, to sell assets, or to offer equity securities in order to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit. furthermore, the reit distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, which would increase our indebtedness. an increase in our outstanding debt could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. for a discussion of risks related to our substantial level of indebtedness, see "risks relating to our indebtedness."
whether we issue equity, at what price and the amount and other terms of any such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then-existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. in addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. depending upon the market price of our common stock at the time of any potential issuances of equity securities, we may have to sell a significant number of shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result.
in addition, if we fail to comply with specified asset ownership tests applicable to reits as measured at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct such failure within 30 days after the end of the applicable calendar quarter or qualify for statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our qualification for taxation as a reit. as a result, we may be required to liquidate or to forego our pursuit of otherwise attractive investments. these actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders.
at any time, the federal income tax laws governing reits, or the administrative interpretations of those laws, may be amended. federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the united states internal revenue service (the "irs"), the united states department of the treasury and state taxing authorities. changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application, could adversely affect us. in addition, some of these changes could have a more significant impact on us as compared to other reits due to the nature of our business and our substantial use of taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"). we cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations applicable to us may be changed.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities.
to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. thus, compliance with these tests may require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-reit qualifying operations or assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our trss, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. furthermore, acquisition opportunities in domestic and international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with some reit requirements prior to closing.
we conduct a significant portion of our business activities, including our information management services businesses and several of our international operations, through domestic and foreign trss. under the code, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and other nonqualifying assets. beginning in our 2018 taxable year, no more than 20% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss within the overall 25% nonqualifying assets limitation. these limitations may affect our ability to make additional investments in non-reit qualifying operations or assets or in international operations through trss.
our ability to receive distributions from our trss is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit. in particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a reit must be derived from real estate, which principally includes gross income from providing customers with secure storage space. consequently, no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other nonqualifying types of income. thus, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited, and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders using cash flows from our trss. specifically, if our trss become highly profitable, we might become limited in our ability to receive net income from our trss in an amount required to fund distributions to our stockholders commensurate with that profitability.
in addition, a significant amount of our income and cash flows from our trss is generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
our extensive use of trss, including for certain of our international operations, may cause us to fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
our operations include an extensive use of trss, which has increased since our acquisition of recall. the net income of our trss is not required to be distributed to us, and income that is not distributed to us generally is not subject to the reit income distribution requirement. however, there may be limitations on our ability to accumulate earnings in our trss and the accumulation or reinvestment of significant earnings in our trss could result in adverse tax treatment. in particular, if the accumulation of cash in our trss causes the fair market value of our securities in our trss and other nonqualifying assets to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, then we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. beginning with our 2018 taxable year, if the accumulation of cash in our trss causes (1) the fair market value of our securities in our trss to exceed 20% of the fair market value of our assets or (2) the fair market value of our securities in our trss and other nonqualifying assets to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, then we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
a reit generally is required to distribute at least 90% of its reit taxable income to its stockholders.
our board of directors, in its sole discretion, will determine, on a quarterly basis, the amount of cash to be distributed to our stockholders based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and divestitures, any stock repurchase program and general market demand for our space and services. consequently, our distribution levels may fluctuate.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, some of our business activities are subject to corporate level income tax and foreign taxes, which will continue to reduce our cash flows, and we will have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income, and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. in addition, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the code to maintain qualification for taxation as a reit.
our information management services businesses and several of our international operations are conducted through wholly owned trss because these activities could generate nonqualifying reit income as currently structured and operated. the income of our domestic trss will continue to be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal income tax purposes or trss. any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash.
we will also be subject to a federal corporate level tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate (currently 35%) on gain recognized from a sale of a reit asset where our basis in the asset is determined by reference to the basis of the asset in the hands of a c corporation (such as (i) an asset that we held as of the effective date of our reit election, that is, january 1, 2014, or (ii) an asset that we hold in one of our qualified reit subsidiaries ("qrss") following the liquidation or other conversion of a former trs). this 35% tax is generally applicable to any disposition of such an asset during the five-year period after the date we first owned the asset as a reit asset (e.g., january 1, 2014 in the case of reit assets we held at the time of our reit conversion), to the extent of the built-in-gain based on the fair market value of such asset on the date we first held the asset as a reit asset. in addition, depreciation recapture income that we expect to recognize in connection with the recall transaction as a result of accounting method changes that we will make will be fully subject to this 35% tax.
in addition, the irs and any state or local tax authority may successfully assert liabilities against us for corporate income taxes for taxable periods prior to january 1, 2014 (our "pre-reit period"), in which case we will owe these taxes plus applicable interest and penalties, if any. moreover, any increase in taxable income during our pre-reit period will likely result in an increase in pre-reit accumulated earnings and profits, which could cause us to pay an additional taxable distribution to our stockholders after the relevant determination.
complying with reit requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and increase the cost of our hedging and may cause us to incur tax liabilities.
the reit provisions of the code limit our ability to hedge assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. generally, income from hedging transactions that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets and income from certain currency hedging transactions related to our non-united states operations, as well as income from qualifying counteracting hedges do not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the reit gross income tests. to the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as nonqualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests. as a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through our trss. this could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our trss would be subject to tax on income or gains resulting from hedges entered into by them or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates or exchange rates than we would otherwise want to bear. in addition, hedging losses in any of our trss generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward for possible use against future taxable income in the trss.
qualifying distributions payable by corporations to individuals, trusts and estates that are united states stockholders are currently eligible for preferential federal income tax rates. distributions payable by reits, in contrast, generally do not qualify for these preferential rates. the preferential rates applicable to regular corporate distributions could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stock of non-reit corporations that pay distributions, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of reits, including our common stock.
the ownership and transfer restrictions contained in our certificate of incorporation may not protect our qualification for taxation as a reit, could have unintended antitakeover effects and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a takeover premium.
in order for us to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, no more than 50% of the value of outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than the first year for which we elect to be taxed as a reit. in addition, rents from "affiliated tenants" will not qualify as qualifying reit income if we own 10% or more by vote or value of the customer, whether directly or after application of attribution rules under the code. subject to certain exceptions, our certificate of incorporation prohibits any stockholder from owning, beneficially or constructively, more than (i) 9.8% in value of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our capital stock or (ii) 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. we refer to these restrictions collectively as the "ownership limits" and we included them in our certificate of incorporation to facilitate our compliance with reit tax rules. the constructive ownership rules under the code are complex and may cause the outstanding stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. as a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of our outstanding common stock (or the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity or another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of the relevant ownership limits. any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or of any of our other capital stock in violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. even though our certificate of incorporation contains the ownership limits, there can be no assurance that these provisions will be effective to prevent our qualification for taxation as a reit from being jeopardized, including under the affiliated tenant rule. furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to monitor and enforce the ownership limits. if the restrictions in our certificate of incorporation are not effective and as a result we fail to satisfy the reit tax rules described above, then absent an applicable relief provision, we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
in addition, the ownership and transfer restrictions could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. as a result, the overall effect of the ownership and transfer restrictions may be to render more difficult or discourage any attempt to acquire us, even if such acquisition may be favorable to the interests of our stockholders.
the ability of our board of directors to change our major policies without the consent of stockholders may not be in the interest of our stockholders.
our board of directors determines our major policies, including policies and guidelines relating to our investments, acquisitions, leverage, financing, growth, operations and distributions to our stockholders. our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies and guidelines from time to time without the vote or consent of our stockholders. accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies, and any such changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.
operational risks our customers may shift from paper and tape storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space.
we derive most of our revenues from rental fees for the storage of physical records and computer backup tapes and from storage related services. alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than physical records and tapes, and as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may decline as the paper documents or tapes we store become less active and more archival. we can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most or a portion of their records as paper documents or as tapes, or that the paper documents or tapes they do store with us will require our storage related services at the same levels as they have in the past. a significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper or tape-based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses.
as stored records and tapes become less active our service revenue growth and profitability may decline.
our records management and data protection service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records and tapes are becoming less active. the amount of information available to customers through the internet or their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years, and we believe this trend has been accelerating. as a result, while we continue to experience growth in storage rental, our customers are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records and rotate tapes, thereby reducing their service activity levels. at the same time many of our costs related to records and tape related services remain fixed. in addition, our reputation for providing secure information storage is critical to our success, and actions to manage cost structure, such as outsourcing certain transportation, security or other functions, could negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our business. ultimately, if we are unable to appropriately align our cost structure with decreased levels of service activity, our operating results could be adversely affected.
changes in customer behavior with respect to document destruction and pricing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have experienced pricing pressure in recent years as some customers have become more cost conscious with respect to their information management expenditures. some customers have taken actions designed to reduce costs associated with the retention of documents, including reducing the volume of documents they store and adopting more aggressive destruction practices. if we are unable to increase pricing over time, or if rates of destruction of documents stored with us increase substantially, particularly in our developed and slower growing markets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. we may not be able to fully offset these costs through increases in our rates. incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, if we fail to protect our own information, including information about our employees, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation.
in reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all states in the united states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information is breached, and, over the past few years, many states expanded the scope of their data breach notifications laws and shortened notification timelines. some states in the united states have adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. in addition, certain united states federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in certain circumstances and require the adoption and maintenance of privacy and information security programs; our failure to comply with any such programs may adversely affect our business. continued governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action in the united states. for example, congress has considered, and will likely consider again, legislation that would expand the federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields.
also, an increasing number of countries have introduced and/or increased enforcement of comprehensive privacy laws, or are expected to do so. in europe, a new data protection regulation will likely come into effect in may 2018 and will supersede directive 95/46/ec, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. the new regulation will enhance the security and privacy obligations of entities, such as us, that process data of residents of members of the european economic area and substantially increase penalties for violations. in addition, the european court of justice has invalidated a decision of the european commission that permitted our european affiliates and our european customers to transfer personal data to entities in the united states that are certified under the european union - united states safe harbor framework. this decision, a failure of the european union and the united states to agree on a new safe-harbor framework and the new regulation and laws in other countries that restrict the export of personal data may result in more customers demanding local solutions, which would increase our information technology infrastructure, maintenance and support costs.
the continued emphasis on information security as well as increasing concerns about government surveillance may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. we have experienced incidents in which customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary costs to those customers for which we have provided reimbursement. as a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses.
in addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security or losses of information, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of security, accidental loss or theft of our own records, or information that we maintain with respect to our employees, as well as customer data in our possession. we believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations.
our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. we have previously faced attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, our information technology and network infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or other disruptions. moreover, our ability to integrate recall's business and other businesses we acquire may challenge our ability to prevent such security breaches. from time to time, we may also outsource certain information technology and back office support services to third parties, which may subject our information technology and other sensitive information to additional risk. a successful breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result in third party claims against us and reputational harm. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
as of december 31, 2016, we operated 1,290 records management, off-site data protection and fine art storage facilities worldwide, including 615 in the united states. many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to our real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. some of these facilities contain fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications and current standards for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were constructed, in all material respects, in compliance with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. in some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular facility are insufficient and require additional measures that may involve considerable expense to us. in addition, where we determine that the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement, we will develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue, although implementation may require an extended period to complete. a significant aspect of the integration of recall with our business is the process of making certain investments in the acquired recall facilities to conform such facilities to our standards of operations. this process is complex and time-consuming. if additional fire safety and suppression measures beyond our current operating plan were required at a large number of our facilities, the expense required for compliance could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in contract interpretation.
our customer contracts typically contain provisions limiting our liability regarding the loss or destruction of, or damage to, records or information stored with us. our liability for physical storage is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage (such as per cubic foot) and our liability for information governance and digital solutions, destruction and other services unrelated to records stored with us is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract; however, some of our contracts with large volume accounts and some of the contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such limits or contain higher limits. we can provide no assurance that our limitation of liability provisions will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. in addition to provisions limiting our liability, our customer contracts generally include a schedule setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage rental and service pricing and service delivery terms. our customers may dispute the interpretation of various provisions in their contracts. in the past, we have had relatively few disputes with our customers regarding the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been material, but we can provide no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. moreover, as a large percentage of our growth is driven by acquisitions and customer contracts assumed in acquisitions (including the customer contracts assumed in the recall transaction) make up a commensurately larger percentage of our customer contracts, our exposure to contracts with higher or no limitations of liability and disputes with customers over the interpretation of their contracts may increase. although we maintain a comprehensive insurance program, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance policies on acceptable terms in order to cover losses to us in connection with customer contract disputes.
international operations may pose unique risks.
as of december 31, 2016, we provided services in 44 countries outside the united states. as part of our growth strategy, we expect to continue to acquire or invest in storage and information management services businesses in select foreign markets, including countries where we do not currently operate. international operations are subject to numerous risks, including:
•   the impact of foreign government regulations and united states regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; in particular, we are subject to united states and foreign anticorruption laws, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, and, although we have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and training to deter prohibited practices, our employees, partners, contractors or agents may violate or circumvent such policies and the law;
•   the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate;
•   political uncertainties and changes in the global political climate which may impose restrictions on global operations;
•   unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses;
•   costs and difficulties associated with managing international operations of varying sizes and scale;
•   the risk that business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise in some markets outside of the united states will not perform as expected;
•   difficulties attracting and retaining local management and key employees to operate our business in certain countries;
•   cultural differences and differences in business practices and operating standards; and
our exposure to the risk from international operations was increased by the recall acquisition, as recall's foreign operations made up a more significant portion of its worldwide revenue than our foreign operations did prior to the recall transaction. consequently, our international operations now account for a more significant portion of our overall operations than they did before the recall acquisition.
we have operations in numerous foreign countries and, as a result, are subject to foreign exchange translation risk, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we conduct business operations in numerous foreign countries through our foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, which operate in their respective local currencies. those local currencies are translated into united states dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the results of operations of, and certain of our debt balances (including intercompany debt balances) associated with, our international storage and information management services businesses are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and significant shifts in foreign currencies can impact our short-term results, as well as our long-term forecasts and targets. in addition, because we intend to distribute 100% of our reit taxable income to our stockholders, and any exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our reit taxable income, our distribution amounts (including the classification of our distributions as nonqualified ordinary dividends, qualified ordinary dividends or return of capital, as described more fully in "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" included in this annual report) may fluctuate as a result of exchange rate fluctuations.
failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our united states government contracts could adversely affect our revenues, operating results and financial position.
selling our services to the united states government subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or barred from future united states government contracting. we may also face private derivative securities claims as a result of adverse government actions. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial position and reputation.
we may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business.
because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. such risks include:
•   acquisition and occupancy costs that make it difficult to meet anticipated margins and difficulty locating suitable facilities due to a relatively small number of available buildings having the desired characteristics in some real estate markets;
•   liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property.
some of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes, or were affected by waste generated from nearby properties, that involved the use, storage, generation and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. in some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of asbestos-containing materials. where we are aware of environmental conditions that require remediation, we undertake appropriate activity, in accordance with all legal requirements. although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties, including those acquired in the recall transaction and other acquisitions we have completed. we therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell, rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. in addition, future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today.
unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. our customers rely on us to securely store and timely retrieve their critical information, and these events could result in customer service disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities and the information stored in those facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems, each of which could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. during the past several years we have seen an increase in severe weather events and our key facilities worldwide are subject to this inherent risk.
damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our reputation for providing highly secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. our reputation or brand, and specifically, the trust our customers place in us, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual failures by us to store information securely. for example, events such as fires, natural disasters, attacks on our information technology systems or security breaches involving us could negatively impact our reputation, particularly if such incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. damage to our reputation could make us less competitive, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations.
our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. in particular, our secure shredding operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. as a result, significant declines in the cost of paper may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations, and increases in other commodity prices, including steel, may negatively impact our results of operations.
we may be subject to claims that our technology violates the intellectual property rights of a third party.
third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials, processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. third parties have in the past, and may in the future, bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege that their intellectual property rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from operating our business. further, if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative intellectual property at our expense to mitigate potential harm.
we face competition for customers.
we compete with multiple storage and information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. we also compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal storage and information management services capabilities and their cloud-based alternatives. these organizations may not begin or continue to use us for their future storage and information management service needs.
risks related to our indebtedness our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt instruments.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2016, our total long-term debt was approximately $6.3 billion. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our current and potential investors. these risks include:
•   inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions;
•   inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate requirements, including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness;
•   inability to pursue strategic opportunities, including acquisitions and expansion into adjacent businesses;
•   limits on our distributions to stockholders; in this regard if these limits prevented us from satisfying our reit distribution requirements, we could fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or, if these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit but do nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts;
•   limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services industry;
•   limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs;
restrictive debt covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy.
our credit agreement (as defined in note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other things:
these restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies.
we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes upon a change of control event as required by our indentures.
upon the occurrence of a "change of control", we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes. however, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our credit agreement will not allow such repurchases. certain important corporate events, however, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a "change of control" under our indentures.
iron mountain is a holding company, and, therefore, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of our subsidiaries.
iron mountain is a holding company; substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries, and substantially all of our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect 100% owned subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. however, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by our direct and indirect 100% owned united states subsidiaries, that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations.
acquisition and expansion risks elements of our strategic growth plan involve inherent risks.
as part of our strategic growth plan, we expect to invest in new business strategies, products, services, technologies and geographies, including abos, and we may selectively divest certain businesses. these initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset expenses and liabilities associated with new investments, inadequate return of capital on these investments and the inability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees to lead and support new initiatives. for example, in recent years, we have expanded our entry into the data center and fine art storage businesses. our data center expansion in particular requires significant capital commitments and includes other costs associated with the development of real estate to support this business. many of these new ventures are inherently risky and we can provide no assurance that such strategies and offerings will be successful in achieving the desired returns within a reasonable timeframe, if at all, and that they will not adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. we also face competition from other companies in our efforts to grow our adjacent businesses, some of which possess substantial financial and other resources. as a result, we may be unable to acquire, or may pay a significant purchase price for, adjacent businesses that support our strategic growth plan.
failure to manage our growth may impact operating results.
if we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. if not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to customers. in addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations, particularly with respect to operations in countries outside of the united states or in new lines of business. consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital expenditures. our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues presented by future growth.
failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations.
strategic acquisitions are an important element of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize anticipated synergies. the process of integrating acquired businesses, particularly in new markets, may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources.
for example, the success of our acquisition of recall will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including cost savings from combining recall's businesses with ours. to realize these anticipated benefits, we must be able to successfully integrate our business and recall's and this integration is complex and time-consuming. while we are progressing with the integration, we still may encounter challenges in the integration process including the following:
•   challenges and difficulties associated with managing our larger, more complex, company;
•   conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the two businesses;
•   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;
•   coordinating geographically dispersed organizations; and
•   performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by integrating the entities' operations.
in addition, our integration with recall may pose special risks, including asset write-offs or restructuring charges and unanticipated costs. further, our integration with recall will subject us to liabilities (including tax liabilities) that may exist at recall or may arise in connection with the consummation of the recall transaction, some of which may be unknown. although we and our advisors conducted due diligence on the operations of recall, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities of recall. these liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to the recall transaction not currently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial or unlikely to occur, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations.
we can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies, including recall. the failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our balance sheet and results of operations.
our net proceeds from the divestments may be lower than expected and we may be subject to liabilities as a result of provisions in the sale agreements governing the divestments.
the terms of the sale agreements governing the divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) in the united states, canada and australia provide for post-closing adjustments to the purchase prices. in addition, we have agreed to provide certain transition services to the buyers following the completion of the divestments. as a result, the purchase prices for the divestments may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the sale agreements and the costs we will incur providing post-closing transition services as required under our sale agreements may exceed the amounts we have estimated. as such, the expected net proceeds of the divestments are uncertain and the actual net proceeds we receive from the divestments may be less than the net proceeds expected by us and the transition services costs may exceed our estimates. furthermore, in the sale agreements governing the divestments, we have made certain representations and warranties and are bound by certain covenants following the closings. any breach of such terms may subject us to liabilities in accordance with the terms of the sale agreements.
an important part of our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, including in markets where we currently do not operate, and we expect to continue this expansion. europe, latin america and australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into the asia pacific region, africa and the middle east to a lesser extent. we have entered into joint ventures and have acquired all or a majority of the equity in storage and information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other storage and information management services businesses in the future, including in new countries/markets where we currently do not operate. a changing global political climate may impose restrictions on our ability to expand internationally.
this growth strategy involves risks. we may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. for example, we may be unable to:
•   complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms;
•   successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth;
•   achieve satisfactory returns on acquired companies, particularly in countries where we do not currently operate;
•   incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working capital, common stock or other equity securities; or
•   enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the united states.
we also compete with other storage and information management services providers as well as other entities for companies to acquire. some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources. if any such competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or investments could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we have guaranteed certain obligations of recall to brambles relating to brambles' prior demerger transaction.
on december 18, 2013, brambles limited, an australian corporation ("brambles"), implemented a demerger transaction by way of a distribution of shares of recall to brambles' shareholders (the "demerger"). prior to and in connection with the demerger, brambles spun off certain of its united states and canadian subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to recall. such spin-offs were intended to be tax-free or tax-deferred under united states and canadian tax laws, respectively, and brambles obtained rulings from the irs (with respect to the united states spin-off) and the canada revenue agency (with respect to the canadian spin-off), as well as opinions of its tax advisors, to such effect. however, the tax-free status of the spin-off of such united states subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if a 50% or greater interest in such united states subsidiaries were acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that included such spin-off. similarly, the tax-deferred status of the spin-off of the canadian subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if control of such subsidiaries were acquired as part of a series of transactions or events that included such spin-off.
in connection with the demerger, recall agreed to indemnify brambles and certain of its affiliates for taxes to the extent that actions by recall (e.g., an acquisition of recall shares) resulted in the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off described above failing to qualify as tax-free or tax-deferred for united states or canadian tax purposes, respectively. in addition, recall agreed, among other things, that it would not, within two years of the 2013 spin-offs, enter into a proposed acquisition transaction, merger or consolidation (with respect to the united states spin-off) or take any action that could reasonably be expected to jeopardize, directly or indirectly, any of the conclusions reached in the canadian tax ruling or opinion, without obtaining either a supplemental tax ruling from the relevant taxing authority, the consent of brambles or an opinion of a tax advisor, acceptable to brambles in its reasonable discretion, that such transaction should not result in the spin-offs failing to be tax-free under united states federal income tax law or canadian tax law, respectively. recall has obtained such tax opinions, based on, among other things, representations and warranties made by recall and us. such opinions do not affect recall's obligation to indemnify brambles for an adverse impact on the tax-free status of such prior spin-offs.
we have guaranteed the foregoing indemnification obligations of recall. consistent with the foregoing tax opinions, we believe that the recall transaction is not part of a plan or series of related transactions, or part of a series of transactions or events, that included the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off, respectively. however, if the irs or the canadian revenue agency were to prevail in asserting a contrary view, we would be liable for the resulting taxes, which could be material.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with "item 6. selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other financial and operating information included elsewhere in this annual report.
this discussion contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and in other securities laws. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" on page iii of this annual report and "item 1a. risk factors" beginning on page 12 of this annual report.
overview recall acquisition on may 2, 2016 (sydney, australia time), we completed the recall transaction. at the closing of the recall transaction, we paid approximately $331.8 million in cash and issued approximately 50.2 million shares of our common stock which, based on the closing price of our common stock as of april 29, 2016 (the last day of trading on the nyse prior to the closing of the recall transaction) of $36.53 per share, resulted in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $2,166.9 million.
we account for acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting, and, accordingly, the assets and liabilities acquired are recorded at their estimated fair values and the results of operations for each acquisition have been included in our consolidated results from their respective acquisition dates. with respect to the acquisition of recall, the results of operations of recall have been included in our consolidated results from may 2, 2016. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for unaudited pro forma results of operations for us and recall, as if the recall transaction was completed on january 1, 2015, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
we currently estimate total acquisition and integration expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of (i) approximately $80.0 million of operating expenditures to complete the recall transaction, including advisory and professional fees and costs to complete the divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) required in connection with receipt of regulatory approval and to provide transitional services required to support the divested businesses during a transition period ("recall deal close & divestment costs") and (ii) approximately $300.0 million of integration expenditures, including operating expenditures associated with moving, severance, facility upgrade, reit conversion and system upgrade costs ("recall integration costs" and, collectively with recall deal close & divestment costs, "recall costs") and capital expenditures to integrate recall with our existing operations. from january 1, 2015 through december 31, 2016, we have incurred cumulative operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction of $197.4 million, including $179.0 million of recall costs and $18.4 million of capital expenditures.
see note 16 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information on recall costs, including costs recorded by segment as well as recorded between cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses.
divestitures i. divestments associated with the recall transaction as disclosed in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, we sought regulatory approval of the recall transaction and, as part of the regulatory approval process, we agreed to make the divestments.
the initial united states divestments, the seattle/atlanta divestments, the recall canadian divestments and the uk divestments (each as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) (collectively, the "recall divestments") meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations as the recall divestments met the criteria to be reported as assets and liabilities held for sale at, or within a short period of time following, the closing of the recall transaction. accordingly, the results of operations for the recall divestments are presented as a component of discontinued operations in our consolidated statement of operations and the cash flows associated with the recall divestments are presented as a component of cash flows from discontinued operations in our consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2016.
the australia divestment business and the iron mountain canadian divestments (each as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) (collectively, the "iron mountain divestments") do not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations as our decision to divest the iron mountain divestments does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. accordingly, the results of operations for the iron mountain divestments are presented as a component of income (loss) from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 and the cash flows associated with the iron mountain divestments are presented as a component of cash flows from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
the australia divestment business represents approximately $65.0 million and $44.0 million of total revenues and approximately $5.8 million and $1.1 million of total income from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. the iron mountain canadian divestments represent approximately $2.7 million of total revenues and approximately $1.5 million of total income from continuing operations for each of the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. the australia divestment business was previously included in our other international business segment and the iron mountain canadian divestments were previously included in our north american records and information management business segment.
see note 14 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding the presentation of the divestments in our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016.
ii. international shredding operations in december 2014, we divested our secure shredding operations in australia, ireland and the united kingdom (the "international shredding operations") in a stock transaction for approximately $26.2 million of cash at closing. the assets sold primarily consisted of customer contracts and certain long-lived assets. we concluded that this divestiture did not meet the requirements to be presented as a discontinued operation and, therefore, recorded a pretax gain on sale in other (income) expense, net of approximately $6.9 million ($10.2 million, inclusive of a tax benefit) in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014. revenues from our international shredding operations represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014. the international shredding operations in australia were previously included in the other international business segment and the international shredding operations in ireland and the united kingdom were previously included in the western european business segment.
cost optimization plans i. organizational restructuring during the third quarter of 2013, we implemented a plan that called for certain organizational realignments to advance our growth strategy and reduce operating costs (the "organizational restructuring"), which was completed in 2014. as a result of the organizational restructuring, we recorded a charge of $3.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits. costs included in our results from operations associated with the organizational restructuring are as follows (in thousands):
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)      $1,228             $-                  $-
costs recorded by segment associated with the organizational restructuring are as follows (in thousands):
north american records and information management business      $1,560             $-                  $-
north american data management business                            340             -                   -
western european business                                           33             -                   -
other international business                                         -             -                   -
corporate and other business                                     1,542             -                   -
ii. transformation initiative during the third quarter of 2015, we implemented a plan that calls for certain organizational realignments to reduce our overhead costs, particularly in our developed markets, in order to optimize our selling, general and administrative cost structure and to support investments to advance our growth strategy (the "transformation initiative"), which is expected to be completed by the end of 2017. as a result of the transformation initiative, we recorded charges of $10.2 million and $6.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits. costs included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations associated with the transformation initiative are as follows (in thousands):
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)   $-                         $-                    $-
costs recorded by segment associated with the transformation initiative are as follows (in thousands):
north american records and information management business   $-                     $5,403                $2,329
north american data management business                      -                         241                   395
western european business                                    -                       1,537                   204
other international business                                 -                           -                     -
corporate and other business                                 -                       2,986                 3,079
through december 31, 2016, we have recorded cumulative charges to our consolidated statements of operations associated with the transformation initiative of $16.2 million. as of december 31, 2016, we had $0.5 million accrued related to the transformation initiative. we expect the majority of this liability will be paid in the first half of 2017.
as we quantify incremental costs associated with future transformation initiative actions to achieve our $125.0 million cost reduction goal, we will disclose the relevant cost estimates and charges in the period that such actions are approved.
general our revenues consist of storage rental revenues as well as service revenues and are reflected net of sales and value added taxes. storage rental revenues, which are considered a key driver of financial performance for the storage and information management services industry, consist primarily of recurring periodic rental charges related to the storage of materials or data (generally on a per unit basis) that are typically retained by customers for many years and technology escrow services that protect and manage source code. service revenues include charges for related service activities, which include: (1) the handling of records, including the addition of new records, temporary removal of records from storage, refiling of removed records and the destruction of records; (2) courier operations, consisting primarily of the pickup and delivery of records upon customer request; (3) secure shredding of sensitive documents and the related sale of recycled paper, the price of which can fluctuate from period to period; (4) other services, including information governance and digital solutions, which relate to physical and digital records, and project revenues; (5) customer termination and permanent removal fees; (6) data restoration projects; (7) special project work; (8) fulfillment services; (9) consulting services; and (10) other technology services and product sales (including specially designed storage containers and related supplies). our service revenue growth has been negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active. while customers continue to store their records and tapes with us, they are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records for research and other purposes, thereby reducing service activity levels.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists primarily of wages and benefits for field personnel, facility occupancy costs (including rent and utilities), transportation expenses (including vehicle leases and fuel), other product cost of sales and other equipment costs and supplies. of these, wages and benefits and facility occupancy costs are the most significant. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of wages and benefits for management, administrative, information technology, sales, account management and marketing personnel, as well as expenses related to communications and data processing, travel, professional fees, bad debts, training, office equipment and supplies. trends in facility occupancy costs are impacted by the total number of facilities we occupy, the mix of properties we own versus properties we occupy under operating leases, fluctuations in per square foot occupancy costs, and the levels of utilization of these properties. trends in total wages and benefits in dollars and as a percentage of total consolidated revenue are influenced by changes in headcount and compensation levels, achievement of incentive compensation targets, workforce productivity and variability in costs associated with medical insurance and workers' compensation.
the expansion of our international businesses has impacted the major cost of sales components and selling, general and administrative expenses. our international operations are more labor intensive than our operations in north america and, therefore, labor costs are a higher percentage of international segment revenue. in addition, the overhead structure of our expanding international operations has not achieved the same level of overhead leverage as our north american segments, which may result in an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of consolidated revenue, as our international operations become a more meaningful percentage of our consolidated results.
our depreciation and amortization charges result primarily from the capital-intensive nature of our business. the principal components of depreciation relate to storage systems, which include racking structures, buildings, building and leasehold improvements and computer systems hardware and software. amortization relates primarily to customer relationship intangible assets. both depreciation and amortization are impacted by the timing of acquisitions.
our consolidated revenues and expenses are subject to variations caused by the net effect of foreign currency translation incurred by our entities outside the united states. it is difficult to predict the future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and how those fluctuations will impact our consolidated statements of operations. as a result of the relative size of our international operations, these fluctuations may be material on individual balances. our revenues and expenses from our international operations are generally denominated in the local currency of the country in which they are derived or incurred. therefore, the impact of currency fluctuations on our operating income and operating margin is partially mitigated. in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we compare the percentage change in the results from one period to another period in this report using constant currency presentation. the constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2014 results at the 2015 average exchange rates and the 2015 results at the 2016 average exchange rates. constant currency growth rates are a non-gaap measure.
the following table is a comparison of underlying average exchange rates of the foreign currencies that had the most significant impact on our united states dollar-reported revenues and expenses:
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is defined as income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and also excludes certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (i) loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (ii) intangible impairments; (iii) other expense (income), net; (iv) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (v) recall costs; and (vi) reit costs (as defined below). adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing adjusted ebitda by total revenues. we use multiples of current or projected adjusted ebitda in conjunction with our discounted cash flow models to determine our estimated overall enterprise valuation and to evaluate acquisition targets. we believe adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin provide our current and potential investors with relevant and useful information regarding our ability to generate cash flow to support business investment. these measures are an integral part of the internal reporting system we use to assess and evaluate the operating performance of our business.
adjusted ebitda excludes both interest expense, net and the provision (benefit) for income taxes. these expenses are associated with our capitalization and tax structures, which we do not consider when evaluating the operating profitability of our core operations. finally, adjusted ebitda does not include depreciation and amortization expenses, in order to eliminate the impact of capital investments, which we evaluate by comparing capital expenditures to incremental revenue generated and as a percentage of total revenues. adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), such as operating income, income (loss) from continuing operations, net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations (as determined in accordance with gaap).
reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda (in thousands):
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax                                                                   (206   )            (1,417   )            (8,307   )              (850   )              (2,180   )
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                   114,304                62,127               (97,275   )            37,713                  44,944
loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net         4,661                   430                 1,065                 3,000                   1,412
adjusted eps adjusted eps is defined as reported earnings per share fully diluted from continuing operations excluding: (1) (gain) loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (3) intangible impairments; (4) other expense (income), net; (5) recall costs; (6) reit costs; and (7) the tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items. adjusted eps includes income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. we do not believe these excluded items to be indicative of our ongoing operating results, and they are not considered when we are forecasting our future results. we believe adjusted eps is of value to our current and potential investors when comparing our results from past, present and future periods.
reconciliation of reported eps-fully diluted from continuing operations to adjusted eps-fully diluted from continuing operations:
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax                                                                  -             (0.01   )         (0.04   )             -             (0.01   )
loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net      0.03                 -              0.01              0.01              0.01
tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items(1)                                             0.35              0.07             (0.72   )         (0.07   )         (0.06   )
(1)   the difference between our effective tax rate and our structural tax rate (or adjusted effective tax rate) for the years ended december 31, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 is primarily due to (i) the reconciling items above, which impact our reported income (loss) from continuing operations before (benefit) provision for income taxes but have an insignificant impact on our reported (benefit) provision for income taxes and (ii) other discrete tax items. our structural tax rate for purposes of the calculation of adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 was 15.0%, 15.0%, 14.4%, 16.8% and 18.5%, respectively.
funds from operations ("ffo") is defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") and us as net income excluding depreciation on real estate assets and gain on sale of real estate, net of tax ("ffo (nareit)"). ffo (nareit) does not give effect to real estate depreciation because these amounts are computed, under gaap, to allocate the cost of a property over its useful life. because values for well-maintained real estate assets have historically increased or decreased based upon prevailing market conditions, we believe that ffo (nareit) provides investors with a clearer view of our operating performance. our most directly comparable gaap measure to ffo (nareit) is net income. although nareit has published a definition of ffo, modifications to ffo (nareit) are common among reits as companies seek to provide financial measures that most meaningfully reflect their particular business. our definition of ffo (normalized) excludes certain items included in ffo (nareit) that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (1) loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) intangible impairments; (3) other expense (income), net; (4) deferred income taxes and reit tax adjustments; (5) recall costs; (6) reit costs; (7) loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax; and (8) loss (gain) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax.
reconciliation of net income (loss) to ffo (nareit) and ffo (normalized) (in thousands):
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax(2)                                                       (8,307    )               (850    )             (2,180    )
loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net         1,065                   3,000                   1,412
deferred income taxes and reit tax adjustments(4)                                              (144,154    )             (5,513    )            (31,944    )
loss (income) from discontinued operations, net of tax(5)                                           209                       -                  (3,353    )
(2)   net of tax provision of $2.2 million, $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
(3)   includes foreign currency transaction losses, net of $58.3 million, $70.9 million and $20.4 million in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
(4)   reit tax adjustments primarily include the impact of the repatriation of foreign earnings and accounting method changes related to our reit conversion (including the impact of amended tax returns).
(5)   net of tax provision of $0.0 million, $0.0 million and $0.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and for the period then ended. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the estimates used. we base our estimates on historical experience, actuarial estimates, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. our critical accounting policies include the following, which are listed in no particular order:
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. storage rental and service revenues are recognized in the month the respective storage rental or service is provided, and customers are generally billed on a monthly basis on contractually agreed-upon terms. amounts related to future storage rental or prepaid service contracts for customers where storage rental fees or services are billed in advance are accounted for as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over the period the applicable storage rental or service is provided or performed. revenues from the sales of products, which are included as a component of service revenues, are recognized when products are shipped and title has passed to the customer. revenues from the sales of products have historically not been significant.
accounting for acquisitions part of our growth strategy has included the acquisition by us of numerous businesses. the purchase price of each acquisition has been determined after due diligence of the target business, market research, strategic planning and the forecasting of expected future results and synergies. estimated future results and expected synergies are subject to revisions as we integrate each acquisition and attempt to leverage resources.
each acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting as defined under the applicable accounting standards at the date of each acquisition. accounting for these acquisitions has resulted in the capitalization of the cost in excess of the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in each of these acquisitions as goodwill. we estimate the fair values of the assets acquired in each acquisition as of the date of acquisition and these estimates are subject to adjustment based on the final assessments of the fair value of intangible assets (primarily customer relationship intangible assets), property, plant and equipment (primarily building and racking structures), operating leases, contingencies and income taxes (primarily deferred income taxes). we complete these assessments within one year of the date of acquisition, as we acquire additional information impacting our estimates as of the acquisition date. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of recent acquisitions.
determining the fair values of the net assets acquired requires management's judgment and often involves the use of assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates and market data, among other items. due to the inherent uncertainty of future events, actual values of net assets acquired could be different from our estimated fair values and could have a material impact on our financial statements.
of the net assets acquired in our acquisitions, the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship intangible assets, racking structures and operating leases are generally the most common and most significant. for significant acquisitions or acquisitions involving new markets or new products, we generally use third parties to assist us in estimating the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship intangible assets and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. for acquisitions that are not significant or do not involve new markets or new products, we generally use third parties to assist us in estimating the fair value of acquired owned buildings and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. when not using third party appraisals of the fair value of acquired net assets, the fair value of acquired customer relationship intangible assets and acquired racking structures is determined internally. the fair value of acquired racking structures is determined internally by taking current estimated replacement cost at the date of acquisition for the quantity of racking structures acquired, discounted to take into account the quality (e.g. age, material and type) of the racking structures. we use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets, which requires a significant amount of judgment by management, including estimating expected lives of the relationships, expected future cash flows and discount rates.
of the key assumptions that impact the estimated fair values of customer relationship intangible assets, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions. to illustrate the sensitivity of changes in key assumptions used in determining the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the recall transaction (our most significant acquisition in fiscal year 2016), a hypothetical increase of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows attributable to the recall transaction, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the calculated fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible assets for the recall transaction by $70.9 million (or 10.0%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill. a hypothetical decrease of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible asset for the recall transaction by $96.6 million (or 13.6%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill.
our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy of such assumptions.
impairment of tangible and intangible assets assets subject to depreciation or amortization: we review long-lived assets and all finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include, but are not limited to:
•   a significant decrease in the market price of an asset;
•   a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition;
•   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset;
•   an accumulation of costs significantly greater than the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset;
•   a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset; and
•   a current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
if events indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable, recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of the operation to which the assets relate to their carrying amount. the operations are generally distinguished by the business segment and geographic region in which they operate. if it is determined that we are unable to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the long-lived assets are written down, on a pro rata basis, to fair value. fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending upon the nature of the assets.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization: goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. other than goodwill, we currently have no intangible assets that have indefinite lives and which are not amortized.
we have selected october 1 as our annual goodwill impairment review date. we performed our annual goodwill impairment review as of october 1, 2014, 2015 and 2016, and concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of such dates. our reporting units at which level we performed our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2016 were as follows: (1) north american records and information management; (2) north american secure shredding; (3) north american data management; (4) adjacent businesses - data centers; (5) adjacent businesses - consumer storage; (6) adjacent businesses - fine arts; (7) western europe; (8) northern and eastern europe; (9) latin america; (10) australia and new zealand; (11) southeast asia; and (12) africa and india. see note 2.h. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of our reporting units.
based on our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2016, our north american records and information management, north american secure shredding, north american data management, adjacent businesses - data centers, western europe and northern and eastern europe reporting units had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by greater than 25%. these reporting units represent approximately $3,272.5 million, or 83.8%, of our consolidated goodwill balance at december 31, 2016. our adjacent businesses - consumer storage, adjacent businesses - fine arts, latin america, australia and new zealand, southeast asia and africa and india reporting units had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by less than 25%. these reporting units represent approximately $632.5 million, or 16.2%, of our consolidated goodwill balance at december 31, 2016. the estimated fair values and carrying values of each of these reporting units were significantly impacted by recent acquisitions, specifically the recall transaction (in the case of the latin america, australia and new zealand and southeast asia reporting units) and certain other acquisitions completed during 2015 and 2016 (in the case of the adjacent businesses - consumer storage, adjacent businesses - fine arts and africa and india reporting units). as of december 31, 2016, no factors were identified that would alter our october 1, 2016 goodwill impairment analysis. in making this assessment, we considered a number of factors including operating results, business plans, anticipated future cash flows, transactions and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. when changes occur in the composition of one or more reporting units, the goodwill is reassigned to the reporting units affected based on their relative fair values.
reporting unit valuations have been determined using a combined approach based on the present value of future cash flows and market multiples of revenues and earnings. the income approach incorporates many assumptions including future growth rates and operating margins, discount rate factors, expected capital expenditures and income tax cash flows. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. in conjunction with our annual goodwill impairment reviews, we reconcile the sum of the valuations of all of our reporting units to our market capitalization as of such dates.
although we believe we have sufficient historical and projected information available to us to test for goodwill impairment, it is possible that actual results could differ from the estimates used in our impairment tests. of the key assumptions that impact the goodwill impairment test, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions, as changes to these estimates could have an effect on the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units. we have assessed the sensitivity of these assumptions on each of our reporting units as of october 1, 2016. with respect to the north american records and information management, north american secure shredding, north american data management, adjacent businesses - data centers, western europe and northern and eastern europe reporting units as of october 1, 2016, we noted that, based on the estimated fair value of these reporting units determined as of october 1, 2016, (i) a hypothetical decrease of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows of these reporting units, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the estimated fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2016 by a range of approximately 9.9% to 10.4% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their estimated fair value; and (ii) a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the estimated fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2016 by a range of approximately 5.8% to 14.1% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their estimated fair value. with respect to the adjacent businesses - consumer storage, adjacent businesses - fine arts, latin america, australia and new zealand, southeast asia and africa and india reporting units as of october 1, 2016, we noted that the estimated fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2016 closely approximates their carrying value, as each of these reporting units has been significantly impacted by recent acquisitions. accordingly, any significant negative change in either the expected annual future cash flows of these reporting units or the discount rate may result in the carrying value of these reporting units exceeding their estimated fair value.
income taxes as a reit, we are generally permitted to deduct from our federal taxable income the dividends we pay to our stockholders. the income represented by such dividends is not subject to federal taxation at the entity level but is taxed, if at all, at the stockholder level. the income of our domestic trss, which hold our domestic operations that may not be reit-compliant as currently operated and structured, is subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income tax. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal tax purposes or trss. we will also be subject to a separate corporate income tax on any gains recognized during a five-year period following the reit conversion that are attributable to "built-in" gains with respect to the assets that we owned on january 1, 2014. this built-in gains tax has been imposed on our depreciation recapture recognized into income as a result of accounting method changes commenced in our pre-reit period and in connection with the recall transaction. if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate tax rates. as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed with respect to our trs operations. in particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for reits, many states do not completely follow federal rules and some do not follow them at all.
accounting for income taxes requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that the change is enacted. valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standard as defined in gaap. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the recoverability of the asset.
we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2023 through 2033, of $67.1 million at december 31, 2016 to reduce future federal taxable income, of which $1.2 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given available year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2017 through 2035, of which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $97.5 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 73%. if actual results differ unfavorably from certain of our estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred income tax assets and additional valuation allowances may be required. although we believe our estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that our estimates reflected in the tax provisions and accruals will equal our actual results. these differences could have a material impact on our income tax provision and operating results in the period in which such determination is made.
the evaluation of an uncertain tax position is a two-step process. the first step is a recognition process whereby we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. the second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. as of december 31, 2015 and 2016, we had approximately $47.7 million and $59.5 million, respectively, of reserves related to uncertain tax positions. the reversal of these reserves will be recorded as a reduction of our income tax provision if sustained. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
prior to our conversion to a reit, we had not previously provided incremental federal and certain state income taxes on net tax over book outside basis differences related to the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries because our intent, prior to our conversion to a reit, was to reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely outside the united states. during 2014, as a result of our conversion to a reit, we reassessed our intentions regarding the indefinite reinvestment of such undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries outside the united states (the "2014 indefinite reinvestment assessment"). as a result of the 2014 indefinite reinvestment assessment, we concluded, at that time, that it was no longer our intent to indefinitely reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries outside the united states, and, therefore, during 2014, we recognized an increase in our provision for income taxes from continuing operations in the amount of $46.4 million, representing incremental federal and state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on such foreign earnings.
during 2016, as a result of the closing of the recall transaction and the subsequent integration of recall's operations into our operations, we again reassessed our intentions regarding the indefinite reinvestment of such undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries outside the united states (the "2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment"). as a result of the 2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment, we concluded that it is our intent to indefinitely reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of certain of our unconverted foreign trss outside the united states, and, therefore, during 2016, we recognized a decrease in our provision for income taxes from continuing operations in the amount of $3.3 million, representing the reversal of previously recognized incremental foreign withholding taxes on the earnings of such unconverted foreign trss. as a result of the 2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment, we no longer provide incremental foreign withholding taxes on the retained book earnings of these unconverted foreign trss, which was approximately $195.7 million as of december 31, 2016. as a reit, future repatriation of incremental undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries will not be subject to federal or state income tax, with the exception of foreign withholding taxes in limited instances; however, such future repatriations will require distribution in accordance with reit distribution rules, and any such distribution may then be taxable, as appropriate, at the stockholder level. we continue, however, to provide for incremental foreign withholding taxes on net book over outside basis differences related to the earnings of our foreign qrss and certain other foreign trss (excluding unconverted foreign trss).
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2.w. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including those recently adopted.
results of operations comparison of year ended december 31, 2016 to year ended december 31, 2015 and comparison of year ended december 31, 2015 to year ended december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
operating expenses                                          2,483,449                          3,009,847                 526,398             21.2   %
operating income                                              524,527                            501,606                 (22,921   )         (4.4   )%
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                     -                              3,353                   3,353            100.0   %
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
operating expenses                                          2,568,416                          2,483,449                 (84,967   )          (3.3   )%
operating income                                              549,277                            524,527                 (24,750   )          (4.5   )%
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                    (209      )                           -                     209            (100.0   )%
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definition, reconciliation and a discussion of why we believe these measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
revenues percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)              internalgrowth(2)
service              1,170,079                    1,368,548                              198,469                        17.0     %        19.9     %       (0.6   )%
percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)            internalgrowth(2)
service              1,257,450                    1,170,079                     (87,371            )                     (6.9   )%          (0.9    )%       (0.4   )%
(1)   constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2015 results at the 2016 average exchange rates and the 2014 results at the 2015 average exchange rates.
(2)   our internal revenue growth rate, which is a non-gaap measure, represents the weighted average year-over-year growth rate of our revenues excluding the impact of business acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the revenues generated by recall have been integrated with our existing revenues and it is impracticable for us to determine actual recall revenue contribution for the applicable periods. therefore, our internal revenue growth rates exclude the impact of revenues associated with the recall transaction based upon forecasted or budgeted recall revenues beginning in the third quarter of 2016. our internal revenue growth rate includes the impact of acquisitions of customer relationships.
storage rental revenues consolidated storage rental revenues increased $305.0 million, or 16.6%, to $2,142.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $1,837.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 16.8% to the reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.3% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven by internal storage rental revenue growth of 1.0%, 2.0%, 0.8% and 8.5% in our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively, primarily driven by volume increases. excluding the impact of acquisitions, global records management net volumes as of december 31, 2016 increased by 1.7% over the ending volume as of december 31, 2015. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 by 2.5%, compared to the comparable prior year period. global records management reported net volumes, including the impact of acquisitions, as of december 31, 2016 increased by 26.3% over the ending volume at december 31, 2015, supported by volume increases across each of our reportable operating segments, primarily associated with the acquisition of recall. consolidated storage rental revenues decreased $22.3 million, or 1.2%, to $1,837.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $1,860.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. in the year ended december 31, 2015, consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth and the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures were offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the comparable prior year period. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 by 5.2%, compared to the comparable prior year period. this decrease was partially offset by internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.7% in the year ended december 31, 2015, as well as the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures of 1.3% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the comparable prior year period. our consolidated storage rental revenue growth in 2015 was driven by internal storage rental revenue growth of 0.1%, 4.2%, 2.7% and 10.8% in our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively.
service revenues consolidated service revenues increased $198.5 million, or 17.0%, to $1,368.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $1,170.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was partially offset by negative consolidated internal service revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 20.5% to the reported service revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal service revenue growth was negative 0.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the comparable prior year period. the negative internal service revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business and western european business segments, as well as continued declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment, as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. in the north american records and information management business segment, our internal service revenue growth rate of 1.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016 was driven by special project revenue recognized in the first quarter of 2016 and growth in secure shredding revenues, as well as the stabilization in recent periods of the decline in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. our internal service revenue growth rates of negative 9.8% and negative 5.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016 in our north american data management and western european business segments, respectively, are reflecting more recent reductions in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported total service revenues by 2.9% in 2016 over 2015. consolidated service revenues decreased $87.4 million, or 6.9%, to $1,170.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $1,257.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. internal service revenue growth was negative 0.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the comparable prior year period. the negative internal service revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business segment, as well as continued declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported total service revenues by 6.0% in 2015 over 2014. net acquisitions/divestitures decreased reported service revenues by 0.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to a $23.7 million reduction in consolidated service revenue associated with the disposition of our international shredding operations.
total revenues for the reasons stated above, our consolidated revenues increased $503.5 million, or 16.7%, to $3,511.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $3,008.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 18.2% to the reported consolidated revenue growth rates for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. consolidated internal revenue growth was 1.2% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased our reported consolidated revenue by 2.7% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar and the euro against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods. our consolidated revenues decreased $109.7 million, or 3.5%, to $3,008.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $3,117.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported consolidated revenues by 5.6%, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar and the euro against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods. this decrease was partially offset by consolidated internal revenue growth of 1.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 as well as the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures of 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
internal growth-eight-quarter trend
service revenue            (1.0   )%                -        %         (0.9       )%          0.3        %          1.6        %         (2.1       )%          (1.3        )%         (0.9       )%
(1)   during the fourth quarter of 2016, we determined that our internal revenue growth rates for the three and nine months ended september 30, 2016 were incorrectly calculated in our other international business segment. approximately $4.4 million of revenue associated with the recall transaction was attributed to our business as it existed prior to the recall transaction. this incorrect calculation impacted our previously reported internal revenue growth rates for our other international business segment as well as our consolidated internal revenue growth rates. the corrected internal storage rental revenue, internal service revenue and internal total revenue growth rates for our other international business segment were 7.5%, 1.6% and 5.0%, respectively, for the three months ended september 30, 2016 and 8.5%, 5.9% and 7.4%, respectively, for the nine months ended september 30, 2016. our corrected consolidated internal storage rental revenue, internal service revenue and internal total revenue growth rates were 2.1%, (1.3)% and 0.8%, respectively, for the three months ended september 30, 2016 and 2.1%, (0.5)% and 1.1%, respectively, for the nine months ended september 30, 2016. management has assessed, both quantitatively and qualitatively, the impact of this incorrect calculation of our internal revenue growth rates for the three and nine months ended september 30, 2016 and concluded that such changes were not material to our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016.
we expect our consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth rate for 2017 to be approximately 2.0% to 2.5%. during the past eight quarters, our internal storage rental revenue growth rate has ranged between 2.1% and 3.0%. our internal storage rental revenue growth rates have been relatively stable over the past two fiscal years, as internal storage rental revenue growth for full year 2015 and 2016 were 2.7% and 2.3%, respectively. at various points in the economic cycle, internal storage rental revenue growth may be influenced by changes in pricing and volume. within our international portfolio, the western european business segment is generating consistent low single-digit internal storage rental revenue growth, while the other international business segment is producing high single-digit internal storage rental revenue growth by capturing the first-time outsourcing trends for physical records storage and management in those markets. the internal growth rate for service revenue is inherently more volatile than the internal growth rate for storage rental revenues due to the more discretionary nature of certain services we offer, such as large special projects, and, as a commodity, the volatility of pricing for recycled paper. these revenues, which are often event-driven and impacted to a greater extent by economic downturns as customers defer or cancel the purchase of certain services as a way to reduce their short-term costs, may be difficult to replicate in future periods. the internal growth rate for total service revenues over the past eight quarters reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business and western european business segments, as well as continued service declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment as the storage business becomes more archival in nature.
operating expenses cost of sales consolidated cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists of the following expenses (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                  percentagechange                % ofconsolidatedrevenues         percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable
2015                                                    2016                              dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency               2015                 2016
product cost of sales and other         115,821                     144,410              28,589              24.7     %             28.5          %         3.9      %           4.1      %                       0.2                     %
year ended december 31,                                                        percentage                          % of            percentage change                  consolidated                change revenues          (favorable)/
2014                                                    2015                        dollarchange                  actual           constantcurrency           2014           2015
product cost of sales and other         111,543                     115,821         4,278                3.8         %              12.9          %       3.6    %       3.9    %          0.3   %
labor labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues were flat during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as decreases in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our north american records and information management business segment were offset by an increase in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our other international business segment. the 75 basis point decrease in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue associated with our north american records and information management business segment (11.92% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 12.67% in the comparable prior year period) was primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. the 52 basis point increase in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue associated with our other international business segment (4.58% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 4.06% in the comparable prior year period) was primarily associated with increased wages and benefits. labor expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $126.4 million, or 20.1%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
labor expense decreased to 21.5% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 21.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014. labor expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by 2.8% on a constant dollar basis compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase was primarily due to a $14.6 million increase in labor costs in our other international business segment, primarily associated with the impact of recent acquisitions, and a $7.0 million increase in labor costs in our north american records and information management business segment, primarily associated with an increase in medical expenses. these increases were partially offset by a $1.2 million reduction in restructuring costs associated with the organizational restructuring (primarily related to our north american records and information management business segment) in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
facilities facilities expenses increased to 14.9% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 14.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the 70 basis point increase in facilities expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven primarily by an increase in rent expense as a result of the acquisition of recall, as recall's real estate portfolio contains a more significant proportion of leased facilities than our real estate portfolio as it existed prior to the closing of the recall transaction, partially offset by a decrease in other facilities costs. we expect this trend in rent expense to continue through the first quarter of 2017 and stabilize thereafter. the decrease in other facilities costs was primarily driven by lower utilities and building maintenance costs associated with our north american records and information management business segment, as well as lower property taxes associated with our western european business segment. facilities expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $107.6 million, or 25.9%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
facilities expenses increased to 14.2% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 14.1% for the year ended december 31, 2014. rent expense increased by $6.7 million on a constant dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by increased costs in our other international business segment. other facilities costs increased by $4.6 million on a constant dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to higher property taxes and common area charges of $3.4 million and building maintenance and security costs of $4.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in insurance costs of $3.6 million primarily associated with insurance deductibles related to a fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina in february 2014.
transportation transportation expenses increased to 3.8% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 3.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in transportation expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven by a 40 basis point increase in third party carrier costs as a percentage of consolidated revenues, primarily associated with our other international business segment. transportation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $33.3 million, or 33.6%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
transportation expenses decreased by $10.6 million on a constant dollar basis during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily as a result of decreased fuel and insurance costs of $7.9 million and $3.2 million, respectively.
product cost of sales and other product cost of sales and other, which includes cartons, media and other service, storage and supply costs and is highly correlated to service revenue streams, particularly project revenues, was driven mainly by special project costs. product cost of sales and other increased by $32.1 million, or 28.5%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, product cost of sales and other increased by $4.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 on an actual basis, primarily due to an increase in costs associated with special projects.
recall costs recall costs included in cost of sales were $12.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, and primarily consisted of employee severance costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses consists of the following expenses (in thousands):
percentage change year ended december 31,                                                   % ofconsolidatedrevenues          percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable dollarchange              actual         constantcurrency
sales, marketing &amp; account management       214,029                    238,178                             24,149             11.3      %           13.8      %                        7.1                     %       6.8   %       (0.3   )%
information technology                           99,632                    116,923                             17,291             17.4      %           20.3      %                        3.3                     %       3.3   %          -   %
percentagechange year ended december 31,                                                  % ofconsolidatedrevenues          percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable dollarchange              actual         constantcurrency
sales, marketing &amp; account management       213,532                    214,029         497                                     0.2   %              5.0      %                        6.8                     %       7.1   %        0.3    %
information technology                          103,174                     99,632                             (3,542   )         (3.4   )%             1.1      %                        3.3                     %       3.3   %          -    %
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased to 14.4% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 15.6% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven mainly by a decrease in compensation expense, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, a decrease in professional fees and decreased travel and entertainment expenses. general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $46.7 million, or 10.2%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
general and administrative expenses decreased to 15.6% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 17.3% in the year ended december 31, 2014. on a constant dollar basis, general and administrative expenses decreased by $44.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. this decrease is primarily due to a $22.3 million decrease in reit costs, a $10.4 million decrease in general and administrative expenses, primarily related to professional fees, associated with our corporate and other business segment, a $9.9 million decrease in professional fees associated with our north american records and information management business segment, a $3.0 million decrease in general and administrative expenses associated with our other international business segment and a $1.8 million decrease in restructuring costs associated with the organization restructuring, partially offset by a $6.1 million increase in costs associated with the transformation initiative.
sales, marketing & account management sales, marketing and account management expenses decreased to 6.8% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 7.1% in 2015. the decrease was driven by a decrease in sales, marketing and account management expenses in our north american records and information management business segment, primarily associated with compensation growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. sales, marketing and account management expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $28.9 million, or 13.8%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
sales, marketing and account management expenses increased to 7.1% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 6.8% in 2014. on a constant dollar basis, sales, marketing and account management expenses during the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by $10.2 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses of $7.6 million, primarily associated with higher sales commissions in our north american data management business segment, as well as an increase in marketing expenses of $2.1 million.
information technology information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue were flat during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as increases in information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues in our corporate and other business segment were offset by decreases in information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our north american records and information management business and western european business segments. information technology expenses in our corporate and other business segment increased due mainly to higher software maintenance and license fees while decreases in information technology expenses across our north american records and information management and western european business segments were primarily due to decreased compensation expense. information technology expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $19.7 million, or 20.3%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
on a constant dollar basis, information technology expenses increased $1.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to increased compensation expenses of $1.7 million.
bad debt expense we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts that is calculated based on our past loss experience, current and prior trends in our aged receivables, current economic conditions, and specific circumstances of individual receivable balances. we continue to monitor our customers' payment activity and make adjustments based on their financial condition and in light of historical and expected trends. consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased to 0.2% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 0.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015. bad debt expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased by $6.6 million, or 43.1%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the comparable prior year period. this decrease in bad debt expense was primarily driven by lower bad debt expense associated with our north american records and information management business segment.
consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased $1.1 million to $15.3 million (0.5% of consolidated revenues) from $14.2 million (0.5% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2014.
recall costs recall costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were $120.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily consisting of advisory and professional fees, as well as severance costs. recall costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were $47.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily consisting of advisory and professional fees.
depreciation and amortization depreciation expense increased $64.3 million, or 21.3%, on a reported dollar basis ($70.0 million, or 23.7%, on a constant dollar basis) for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to the increased depreciation of property, plant and equipment acquired in the recall transaction. in particular, the increase in depreciation expense was driven by (1) the depreciation of leasehold improvements acquired in the recall transaction, which are depreciated using the straight-line method over a period of the shorter of (i) the useful life of the leasehold improvements, (ii) 10 years or (iii) the life of the lease and (2) the depreciation of racking structures included in leased facilities acquired in the recall transaction, which are depreciated using the straight-line method over a period of the shorter of (i) the useful life of the racking structures, (ii) 20 years or (iii) the life of the lease. see note 2.f. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding the useful lives over which our property, plant and equipment is depreciated. depreciation expense increased $12.5 million, on a constant dollar basis, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the increased depreciation of property, plant and equipment acquired through business combinations.
amortization expense increased $42.5 million, or 96.2%, on a reported dollar basis ($44.0 million, or 102.8%, on a constant dollar basis) for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to the increased amortization of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the recall transaction, which are amortized over a weighted average useful life of 13 years. amortization expense increased $0.5 million, on a constant dollar basis, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the increased amortization of customer relationship intangible assets acquired through business combinations.
other expenses, net interest expense, net consolidated interest expense, net increased $46.8 million to $310.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $263.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to (i) the issuance of $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6% senior notes due 2020 (the "6% notes due 2020") by imi in september 2015, (ii) $850.0 million of borrowings under the bridge facility (as defined below) during the second quarter of 2016, (iii) the issuance of $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 43/8% senior notes due 2021 (the "43/8% notes") by imi in may 2016, (iv) the issuance of $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 53/8% senior notes due 2026 (the "53/8% notes") by iron mountain us holdings, inc. ("im us holdings") in may 2016, (v) the issuance of 250.0 million canadian dollars in aggregate principal amount of 53/8% cad senior notes due 2023 (the "cad notes due 2023") by iron mountain canada operations, ulc ("canada company") in september 2016, (vi) $185.8 million of borrowings from the aud term loan (as defined below) during the third quarter of 2016 and (vii) higher borrowings (on a weighted average basis) under the credit agreement (as defined below) during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was partially offset by the redemption in october 2015 of (i) 255.0 million euro aggregate principal outstanding of the 63/4% euro senior subordinated notes due 2018 (the "63/4% notes"), (ii) $400.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 73/4% senior subordinated notes due 2019 (the "73/4% notes") and (iii) the remaining $106.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of 83/8% senior subordinated notes due 2021 (the "83/8% notes"). our weighted average interest rate was 5.2% and 5.3% at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
consolidated interest expense, net increased $3.2 million to $263.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $260.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to (1) the issuance in september 2014 of 400.0 million british pounds sterling aggregate principal amount of 61/8% senior notes due 2022 (the "gbp notes") by iron mountain europe plc ("ime"), (2) the issuance of the 6% notes due 2020 by imi in september 2015, and (3) higher borrowings (on a weighted average basis) under the credit agreement, the former credit agreement and the accounts receivable securitization program (each as discussed and defined below) during 2015 compared to 2014. this increase was partially offset by (1) the redemption in december 2014 of $306.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 83/8% notes and (2) the redemption in october 2015 of (i) 255.0 million euro in aggregate principal outstanding of the 63/4% notes, (ii) $400.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 73/4% notes and (iii) the remaining $106.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 83/8% notes. our weighted average interest rate was 5.3% at december 31, 2015 and 5.6% at december 31, 2014.
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
foreign currency transaction losses we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $20.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, british pound sterling and mexican peso against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2015 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries. these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the brazilian real, euro and russian ruble against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2015 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries.
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $70.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, brazilian real, euro, russian ruble and ukrainian hryvnia against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts. these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from the impact of a change in the exchange rate of the british pound sterling against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as a change in the exchange rate of the euro against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on euro denominated bonds issued by imi.
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $58.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, brazilian real, british pound sterling, euro, russian ruble and ukrainian hryvnia against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2013 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts. these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from british pound sterling borrowings on our revolving credit facility, australian dollar and british pound sterling forward contracts, and euro denominated bonds issued by imi.
debt extinguishment expense during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $9.3 million in the second quarter of 2016 related to the termination of the bridge facility, which primarily consists of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $27.3 million related to (i) the refinancing of the credit agreement in the third quarter of 2015 and (ii) the early extinguishment of the 63/4% notes, 73/4% notes and the remaining portion outstanding of the 83/8% notes in the fourth quarter of 2015. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $16.5 million related to the early redemption of $306.0 million in aggregate principal of the 83/8% notes at 104.188% of par. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs.
other, net other, net in the year ended december 31, 2016 includes a charge of $15.4 million associated with the loss on disposal of the australia divestment business and a charge of $1.4 million associated with the loss on disposal of the iron mountain canadian divestments, partially offset by $0.8 million of gains associated with a deferred compensation plan we sponsor. other, net in the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $0.6 million of losses related to the write-down of certain investments. other, net in the year ended december 31, 2014 consisted primarily of income of $6.9 million associated with the divestment of our international shredding operations in december 2014, as well as approximately $0.9 million of royalty income and $1.1 million of gains associated with a deferred compensation plan we sponsor.
(benefit) provision for income taxes our effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 were (43.5)%, 23.3% and 30.6%, respectively. our effective tax rate is subject to variability in the future due to, among other items: (1) changes in the mix of income between our qrss and our trss, as well as among the jurisdictions in which we operate; (2) tax law changes; (3) volatility in foreign exchange gains and losses; (4) the timing of the establishment and reversal of tax reserves; and (5) our ability to utilize net operating losses that we generate.
as a result of our reit conversion, we recorded a net tax benefit of $212.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 for the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with the reit conversion. in 2014, we recorded an increase to the tax provision of $29.3 million associated with tax accounting method changes consistent with our reit conversion, primarily affected through the filing of amended tax returns. the other primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate during the year ended december 31, 2014 was an increase of $46.4 million in our tax provision associated with the 2014 indefinite reinvestment assessment and other net tax adjustments related to the reit conversion, including a tax benefit of $63.3 million primarily related to the dividends paid deduction.
the primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $51.6 million and an out-of-period tax adjustment ($9.0 million tax benefit) recorded during the third quarter to correct the valuation of certain deferred tax assets associated with the reit conversion that occurred in 2014, partially offset by valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $33.5 million, primarily related to our foreign subsidiaries in argentina, brazil, france and russia.
the primary reconciling items between the federal statutory tax rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $18.5 million and the impact of differences in the tax rates at which our foreign earnings are subject resulting in a tax benefit of $13.3 million, partially offset by valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $7.7 million.
as a reit, we are entitled to a deduction for dividends paid, resulting in a substantial reduction of federal income tax expense. as a reit, substantially all of our income tax expense will be incurred based on the earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic trss.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $2.2 million, net of tax of $0.1 million associated with the sale of certain land and buildings in north america. consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $0.9 million, net of tax of $0.2 million associated with the sale of a building in the united kingdom. consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $8.3 million, net of tax of $2.2 million associated with the sale of two buildings in the united kingdom and a building in canada.
the following table reflects the effect of the foregoing factors on our consolidated income from continuing operations and adjusted ebitda:
year ended december 31,   dollarchange                percentage change
income from continuing operations as a percentage of consolidated revenue           4.2     %                 3.0     %
year ended december 31,   dollarchange           percentage change
income from continuing operations as a percentage of consolidated revenue          10.6     %                 4.2     %
income (loss) from discontinued operations income from discontinued operations, net of tax was $3.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily related to the operations of the recall divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). loss from discontinued operations, net of tax was $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to legal reserves, offset by the recovery of insurance proceeds in excess of carrying value.
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to iron mountain incorporated of $2.4 million, $2.0 million and $2.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these amounts represent our noncontrolling partners' share of earnings/losses in our majority-owned international subsidiaries that are consolidated in our operating results.
see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of our reportable operating segments.
north american records and information management business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                               698,060                     780,053              81,993              11.7   %               12.3   %                  1.0   %
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue            40.3     %                  40.2     %
year ended december 31,                                                        percentage change dollarchange                         constantcurrency            internalgrowth
service                                                               715,348                       698,060         (17,288               )                  (2.4   )%          (0.6   )%        (1.6   )%
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue            38.9      %   40.3                     %
(1)   see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment increased 8.7% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 8.2% to the reported revenue growth rate in our north american records and information management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. the internal revenue growth in the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily the result of internal storage rental revenue growth of 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as well as internal service revenue growth of 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, which was driven by special project revenue recognized in the first quarter of 2016 and growth in secure shredding revenues, as well as the stabilization in recent periods of the decline in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2016, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american records and information management business segment by 0.5% compared to the comparable prior year period due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue decreased 10 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by increased wages and benefits, rent expense, building maintenance and transportation costs, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenues, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, as well as a decrease in bad debt expense and professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment decreased 1.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to negative internal revenue growth and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american records and information management business segment by 1.5% compared to the comparable prior year period due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. negative internal revenue growth of 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily the result of negative internal service revenue growth of 1.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015, resulting from reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues. net acquisitions/divestitures increased reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment by 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 140 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by a $11.7 million decrease in professional fees, a $7.5 million decrease in fuel and insurance costs, a $5.7 million decrease in incentive compensation and a $1.6 million decrease in costs due to the organizational restructuring, as well as a decrease in sales, marketing and account management costs. these decreases were partially offset by $5.4 million of employee severance costs recorded during the year ended december 31, 2015 associated with the transformation initiative.
north american data management business year ended december 31,                                                      percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                             134,885                     134,060                        (825   )                (0.6   )%          (0.4   )%        (9.8   )%
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          52.2      %   55.2                   %
year ended december 31,                                                      percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                             143,190                     134,885                      (8,305   )                (5.8   )%          (4.9   )%        (5.1   )%
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          58.0      %   52.2                   %
(1)   see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment increased 6.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was partially offset by negative internal revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 8.3% to the reported revenue growth rates in our north american data management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. the negative internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to negative internal service revenue growth of 9.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was due to continued declines in service revenue activity levels as the storage business becomes more archival in nature, partially offset by internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily attributable to volume increases. for the year ended december 31, 2016, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american data management business segment by 0.2% compared to the comparable prior year period due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 300 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment increased 0.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to internal revenue growth of 0.8%. the internal revenue growth was primarily attributable to internal storage rental revenue growth of 4.2%, partially offset by negative internal service revenue growth of 5.1% in the year ended december 31, 2015, which was due to declines in service revenue activity levels as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american data management business segment by 0.9% compared to the comparable prior year period due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue decreased 580 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to increased overhead expenses of $15.9 million, primarily associated with higher sales, marketing and account management expenses and, to a lesser extent, reduced gross profit related to a decline in service revenues without a corresponding decrease in costs.
western european business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                             158,256                   178,552              20,296              12.8   %               21.4   %                 (5.6   )%
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          30.4     %                30.3     %
percentage change year ended december 31,   dollarchange              actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                             191,841                   158,256         (33,585       )      (17.5   )%              (7.8   )%                (0.6   )%
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          29.0     %                30.4     %
(1)   see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our western european business segment increased 14.3% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was partially offset by negative internal revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 24.9% to the reported revenue growth rates in our western european business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was negative 1.7%, primarily attributable to negative internal service revenue growth of 5.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was due to reduced retrieval/refile activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2016, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the western european business segment by 8.9% compared to the comparable prior year period due to the weakening of the british pound sterling and euro against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue decreased 10 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by an increase in cost of sales as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with increased wages and benefits and rent expense, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenues, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, and lower professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our western european business segment decreased 11.5% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. foreign currency fluctuations resulted in decreased revenue in the year ended december 31, 2015, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 10.4% as compared to the comparable prior year period, due to the weakening of the british pound sterling and the euro against the united states dollar. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 1.4%, supported by 2.7% internal storage rental revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015. net acquisitions/divestitures decreased reported revenue in our western european business segment by 2.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to a $15.3 million reduction in reported service revenues associated with the disposition of our shredding operations in the united kingdom and ireland in december 2014. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 140 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to improved profitability associated with lower transportation and facility costs.
other international business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                             176,206                   259,511              83,305              47.3     %             59.0          %           4.9         %
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          20.7     %                25.9     %
percentage change year ended december 31,   dollarchange              actual            constantcurrency           internalgrowth
service                                                             205,577                   176,206         (29,371       )      (14.3   )%               7.6   %                   9.0   %
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          18.0     %                20.7     %
(1)   see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our other international business segment increased 54.9% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 59.5% to the reported revenue growth rates in our other international business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 7.0%, supported by 8.5% internal storage rental revenue growth. foreign currency fluctuations in the year ended december 31, 2016 resulted in decreased revenue, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 11.6% as compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar and brazilian real against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 520 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily a result of a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenue and a decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with compensation growing at a lower rate than revenue, as well as lower professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenues in our other international business segment decreased 10.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. foreign currency fluctuations in the year ended december 31, 2015 resulted in decreased revenue, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 21.7% as compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real and euro against the united states dollar. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 10.0%, supported by 10.8% internal storage rental revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015. net acquisitions/divestitures increased reported revenue in our other international business segment by 1.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, as the impact of acquisitions in brazil, turkey and poland were partially offset by a $8.4 million decrease in reported service revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 associated with the disposition of our australian shredding operations in december 2014. adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 270 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in adjusted ebitda as a percentage of segment revenue during the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily a result of a constant dollar increase in gross profit of 11.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the comparable prior year period. the constant dollar increase in gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015 was partially offset by the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
corporate and other business year ended december 31,                                                     percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
service                                                                    2,672                      16,372                      13,700                   512.7   %         512.7   %        55.6   %
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.9     )%                 (6.4    )%
year ended december 31,                                             percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency      internalgrowth
service                                                                    1,494                       2,672                       1,178                78.8   %          78.8   %        33.4   %
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.9     )%                 (6.9    )%
(1)   see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda and a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenue improved 50 basis points compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment decreased $17.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by the impact of the recall transaction, partially offset by profitability associated with recent acquisitions in our adjacent businesses operating segment. adjusted ebitda in our corporate and other business segment includes approximately $23.3 million of incremental expenses associated with recall for the year ended december 31, 2016.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenue was flat compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted ebitda for the corporate and other business segment increased by $7.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to decreased insurance costs of $3.5 million associated with a fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina in february 2014, as well as a decrease in general and administrative expenses, primarily related to professional fees.
liquidity and capital resources the following is a summary of our cash balances and cash flows (in thousands) as of and for the years ended december 31,
cash flows from operating activities-continuing operations          $472,948              $541,760              $541,216
cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                         125,933               128,381               236,484
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $541.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $541.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $0.5 million year-over-year decrease in cash flows from operating activities resulted from an increase in cash used in working capital of $17.4 million, primarily related to the change in accounts receivable and timing of accrued expenses and deferred revenue and accounts payable payments year-over-year, offset by an increase in net income (including non-cash charges and realized foreign exchange losses) of $16.9 million.
our business requires capital expenditures to maintain our ongoing operations, support our expected revenue growth and new products and services, and increase our profitability. these expenditures are included in the cash flows from investing activities. the nature of our capital expenditures has evolved over time along with the nature of our business. our capital goes to support business-line growth and our ongoing operations, but we also expend capital to support the development and improvement of products and services and projects designed to increase our profitability. these expenditures are generally discretionary in nature. cash paid for our capital expenditures, acquisitions of customer relationships and customer inducements during the year ended december 31, 2016 amounted to $328.6 million, $31.6 million and $19.2 million, respectively. cash paid for acquisitions (net of cash acquired) during the year ended december 31, 2016 of $292.0 million consisted primarily of the cash portion of the purchase price associated with the recall transaction. for the year ended december 31, 2016, these expenditures were primarily funded with cash flows from operations, as well as the financing activities described below. net proceeds from the iron mountain divestments received during the year ended december 31, 2016 of $30.7 million consisted of the net cash proceeds from the australia sale and the sale of the iron mountain canadian divestments as part of the arkive sale (each as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). excluding capital expenditures associated with potential future acquisitions, opportunistic real estate investments and capital expenditures associated with the integration of recall, we expect our capital expenditures to be approximately $320.0 million to $370.0 million in the year ending december 31, 2017.
net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was $125.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we received net proceeds of $925.4 million associated with the issuance of the 43/8% notes, the 53/8% notes and the cad notes due 2023, $185.8 million of proceeds from the aud term loan (as defined below), $50.0 million of proceeds from the mortgage securitization program (as defined below) and $31.9 million of proceeds associated with employee stock-based awards. we used the proceeds from these transactions, as well as cash flows provided by operating activities, for the net repayment of $542.9 million associated with net payments under the revolving credit facility and the bridge facility, the payment of dividends in the amount of $505.9 million on our common stock and the payment of $18.6 million associated with debt financing costs.
capital expenditures the following table presents our capital spend for 2014, 2015 and 2016 organized by the type of the spending as described in the "our business fundamentals" section of "item 1. business" included in this annual report:
year ended december 31, nature of capital spend (in thousands)                                2014   2015                                     2016
maintenance                                                    57,574                  52,826                  63,543
total real estate capital spend                               257,237                 223,568                 267,321
maintenance                                                    19,527                  23,396                  20,799
total non-real estate capital spend                            75,518                  71,360                  71,753
total capital spend (on accrual basis)                        332,755                 294,928                 339,074
net (decrease)/increase in prepaid capital expenditures        (2,455    )               (362    )                374
net decrease/(increase) accrued capital expenditures           31,624                  (4,317    )            (10,845    )
total capital spend (on cash basis)                          $361,924                $290,249                $328,603
dividends see "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report for information on dividends.
financial instruments and debt financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents (including time deposits) and accounts receivable. the only significant concentrations of liquid investments as of december 31, 2016 relate to cash and cash equivalents held in time deposits with six global banks, all of which we consider to be large, highly-rated investment-grade institutions. as per our risk management investment policy, we limit exposure to concentration of credit risk by limiting the amount invested in any one mutual fund to a maximum of $50.0 million or in any one financial institution to a maximum of $75.0 million. as of december 31, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $236.5 million, which included time deposits amounting to $22.2 million.
our consolidated debt as of december 31, 2016 comprised the following (in thousands):
debt (inclusive of discount)             unamortized deferred financing costs             carrying amount revolving credit facility(1)                                                 $953,548                                       $(7,530              )            $946,018
real estate mortgages, capital leases and other(8)                            478,565                                        (1,277              )             477,288
long-term debt, net of current portion                                     $6,146,141                                      $(67,935              )          $6,078,206
(1)   the capital stock or other equity interests of most of our united states subsidiaries, and up to 66% of the capital stock or other equity interests of most of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries, are pledged to secure these debt instruments, together with all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) of subsidiaries owed to us or to one of our united states subsidiary guarantors. in addition, canada company has pledged 66% of the capital stock of its subsidiaries, and all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) owed to or held by it, to secure the canadian dollar subfacility under the revolving credit facility.
(2)   the amount of debt for the aud term loan reflects an unamortized original issue discount of $1.7 million as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   collectively, the "parent notes." imi is the direct obligor on the parent notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior or senior subordinated basis, as the case may be, by its direct and indirect 100% owned united states subsidiaries that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations (the "guarantors"). these guarantees are joint and several obligations of the guarantors. canada company, ime, the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries (as defined below), the mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary (as defined below) and the remainder of our subsidiaries do not guarantee the parent notes. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(4)   the 6% notes due 2020, the 43/8% notes, the gbp notes, the cad notes due 2023 and the 53/8% notes (collectively, the "unregistered notes") have not been registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), or under the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. unless they are registered, the unregistered notes may be offered only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the securities act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
(5)   canada company is the direct obligor on the cad notes due 2021 and the cad notes due 2023 (collectively, the "cad notes"), which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(6)   ime is the direct obligor on the gbp notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(7)   im us holdings, a 100% owned subsidiary of imi and one of the guarantors, is the direct obligor on the 53/8% notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the other guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and such guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(8)   includes (i) real estate mortgages of $20.9 million, (ii) capital lease obligations of $309.9 million, and (iii) other various notes and other obligations, which were assumed by us as a result of certain acquisitions, of $147.8 million.
(9)   the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries are the obligors under this program.
(10)   the mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary is the obligor under this program.
a. credit agreement on july 2, 2015, we entered into a new credit agreement (the "credit agreement") to refinance our then existing credit agreement (the "former credit agreement") which consisted of a revolving credit facility and a term loan and was scheduled to terminate on june 27, 2016. the credit agreement consists of a revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and a term loan (the "term loan"). the initial maximum amount of the revolving credit facility was $1,500.0 million. the original amount of the term loan was $250.0 million.
on june 24, 2016, iron mountain information management, llc ("imim") entered into a commitment increase supplement, pursuant to which we increased the maximum amount permitted to be borrowed under the revolving credit facility from $1,500.0 million to $1,750.0 million. we continue to have the option to request additional term loans and/or increases in commitments under the revolving credit facility up to $250.0 million, subject to the conditions specified in the credit agreement.
the term loan is to be paid in quarterly installments in an amount equal to $3.1 million per quarter, with the remaining balance due on july 3, 2019. the credit agreement terminates on july 6, 2019, at which point all obligations become due, but may be extended by one year at our option, subject to the conditions set forth in the credit agreement. borrowings under the credit agreement may be prepaid without penalty or premium, in whole or in part, at any time.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $953.5 million and $234.4 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan, respectively. of the $953.5 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, $787.4 million was denominated in united states dollars and 157.9 million was denominated in euros. in addition, we also had various outstanding letters of credit totaling $55.0 million. the remaining amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2016, based on imi's leverage ratio, the last 12 months' earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and rent expense ("ebitdar"), other adjustments as defined in the credit agreement and current external debt, was $741.5 million (which amount represents the maximum availability as of such date). the average interest rate in effect under the credit agreement was 2.9% as of december 31, 2016. the average interest rate in effect under the revolving credit facility was 2.9% and ranged from 2.3% to 5.0% as of december 31, 2016 and the interest rate in effect under the term loan as of december 31, 2016 was 2.8%.
the credit agreement, our indentures and other agreements governing our indebtedness contain certain restrictive financial and operating covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to complete acquisitions, pay cash dividends, incur indebtedness, make investments, sell assets and take certain other corporate actions. the covenants do not contain a rating trigger. therefore, a change in our debt rating would not trigger a default under the credit agreement, our indentures or other agreements governing our indebtedness. the credit agreement uses ebitdar-based calculations as the primary measures of financial performance, including leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios.
our leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios under the credit agreement as of december 31, 2015 and 2016 and our leverage ratio under our indentures as of december 31, 2015 and 2016 are as follows:
december 31, 2015         december 31, 2016   maximum//minimum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio               5.6                       5.7              maximum allowable of 6.5
net secured debt lease adjusted leverage ratio        2.6                       2.7              maximum allowable of 4.0
bond leverage ratio (not lease adjusted)              5.5                       5.2              maximum allowable of 6.5
fixed charge coverage ratio                           2.4                       2.4              minimum allowable of 1.5
as noted in the table above, our maximum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio under the credit agreement is 6.5. the credit agreement also contains a provision which limits, in certain circumstances, our dividends in any four consecutive fiscal quarters to 95% of funds from operations (as defined in the credit agreement) for such four fiscal quarters or, if greater, the amount that we would be required to pay in order to continue to be qualified for taxation as a reit or to avoid the imposition of income or excise taxes on imi. this limitation only is applicable when our net total lease adjusted leverage ratio exceeds 6.0 as measured as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter.
noncompliance with these leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity.
b. bridge facility on april 29, 2016, in order to provide a portion of the financing necessary to close the recall transaction, we entered into a bridge credit agreement (the "bridge credit agreement") with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as a lender and administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the "lenders"), pursuant to which we borrowed an unsecured bridge term loan of $850.0 million (the "bridge facility"). we used the proceeds from the bridge facility, together with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, to finance a portion of the cost of the recall transaction, including refinancing recall's existing indebtedness and to pay costs we incurred in connection with the recall transaction.
on may 31, 2016, we used the proceeds from the issuance of the 43/8% notes and the 53/8% notes, together with cash on hand and borrowings under the revolving credit facility, to repay the bridge facility, and effective may 31, 2016, we terminated the commitments of the lenders under the bridge credit agreement. we recorded a charge to other expense (income), net of $9.3 million during the second quarter of 2016 related to the early extinguishment of the bridge credit agreement. this charge primarily consisted of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs.
c. issuance of 43/8% notes, 53/8% notes and cad notes due 2023
in may 2016, imi completed a private offering of $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 43/8% notes and im us holdings completed a private offering of $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 53/8% notes. the 43/8% notes and 53/8% notes were issued at par. the aggregate net proceeds of $738.8 million from the 43/8% notes and 53/8% notes, after paying the initial purchasers' commissions, were used, together with cash on hand and borrowings under the revolving credit facility, for the repayment of all outstanding borrowings under the bridge credit agreement.
on september 15, 2016, canada company completed a private offering of 250.0 million canadian dollars in aggregate principal amount of the cad notes due 2023. the cad notes due 2023 were issued at par. the aggregate net proceeds from the cad notes due 2023 of 246.3 million canadian dollars (or $186.7 million, based upon the exchange rate between the canadian dollar and the united states dollar on september 15, 2016 (the settlement date for the cad notes due 2023)), after paying the initial purchasers' commissions, were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
d. australian dollar term loan on september 28, 2016, iron mountain australia group pty, ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of imi, entered into a 250.0 million australian dollar syndicated term loan b facility, the aud term loan, which matures in september 2022. the aud term loan was issued at 99% of par. the net proceeds of approximately 243.8 million australian dollars (or approximately $185.8 million, based upon the exchange rate between the australian dollar and the united states dollar on september 28, 2016 (the settlement date for the aud term loan)), after paying commissions to the joint lead arrangers and net of the original discount, were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
principal payments on the aud term loan are to be paid in quarterly installments in an amount equivalent to an aggregate of 6.3 million australian dollars per year, with the remaining balance due on september 28, 2022. the aud term loan is secured by substantially all assets of iron mountain australia group pty. ltd. imi and the guarantors guarantee all obligations under the aud term loan. the interest rate on borrowings under the aud term loan is based upon bbsy (an australian benchmark variable interest rate) plus 4.3%. as of december 31, 2016, we had 248.4 million australian dollars ($178.9 million based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the australian dollar as of december 31, 2016) outstanding on the aud term loan and the interest rate in effect under the aud term loan was 6.1%.
e. accounts receivable securitization program in march 2015, we entered into a $250.0 million accounts receivable securitization program (the "accounts receivable securitization program") involving several of our wholly owned subsidiaries and certain financial institutions. under the accounts receivable securitization program, certain of our subsidiaries sell substantially all of their united states accounts receivable balances to our wholly owned special purpose entities, iron mountain receivables qrs, llc and iron mountain receivables trs, llc (the "accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries"). the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries use the accounts receivable balances to collateralize loans obtained from certain financial institutions. the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries are consolidated subsidiaries of imi. the accounts receivable securitization program is accounted for as a collateralized financing activity, rather than a sale of assets, and therefore: (i) accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral are presented as assets and borrowings are presented as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, (ii) our consolidated statements of operations reflect the associated charges for bad debt expense related to pledged accounts receivable (a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) and reductions to revenue due to billing and service related credit memos issued to customers and related reserves, as well as interest expense associated with the collateralized borrowings and (iii) receipts from customers related to the underlying accounts receivable are reflected as operating cash flows and borrowings and repayments under the collateralized loans are reflected as financing cash flows within our consolidated statements of cash flows. imim retains the responsibility of servicing the accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral in this transaction and imi provides a performance guaranty. the accounts receivable securitization program terminates on march 6, 2018, at which point all obligations become due. the maximum availability allowed is limited by eligible accounts receivable, as defined under the terms of the accounts receivable securitization program. as of december 31, 2015 and 2016, the maximum availability allowed and amount outstanding under the accounts receivable securitization program was $205.9 million and $247.0 million, respectively. the interest rate in effect under the accounts receivable securitization program was 1.3% and 1.7% as of december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. commitment fees at a rate of 40 basis points are charged on amounts made available but not borrowed under the accounts receivable securitization program.
f. mortgage securitization program in october 2016, we entered into a $50.0 million mortgage securitization program (the "mortgage securitization program") involving certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries with goldman sachs mortgage company ("goldman sachs"). under the mortgage securitization program, imim contributed certain real estate assets to its wholly owned special purpose entity, iron mountain mortgage finance i, llc (the "mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary"). the mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary then used the real estate to secure a collateralized loan obtained from goldman sachs. the mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary is a consolidated subsidiary of imi. the mortgage securitization program is accounted for as a collateralized financing activity, rather than a sale of assets, and therefore: (i) real estate assets pledged as collateral remain as assets and borrowings are presented as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, (ii) our consolidated statement of operations reflects the associated charges for depreciation expense related to the pledged real estate and interest expense associated with the collateralized borrowings and (iii) borrowings and repayments under the collateralized loans are reflected as financing cash flows within our consolidated statement of cash flows. the mortgage securitization program is scheduled to terminate on november 6, 2026, at which point all obligations become due. as of december 31, 2016, the outstanding amount under the mortgage securitization program was $50.0 million. the interest rate in effect under the mortgage securitization program was 3.5% as of december 31, 2016.
g. cash pooling subsequent to the closing of the recall transaction, certain of our international subsidiaries began participating in a cash pooling arrangement (the "cash pool") with bank mendes gans ("bmg") in order to help manage global liquidity requirements. the cash pool allows participating subsidiaries to receive credit for cash balances deposited by participating subsidiaries in bmg accounts. under the cash pool, cash deposited by participating subsidiaries with bmg is pledged as security against the drawings of other participating subsidiaries, and legal rights of offset are provided and, therefore, amounts are presented in our consolidated balance sheet on a net basis. each subsidiary receives interest on the cash balances held on deposit or pays interest on the amounts owed based on an applicable rate as defined in the cash pool agreement. at december 31, 2016, we had a net cash position of approximately $1.7 million (consisting of a gross cash position of approximately $69.5 million less outstanding borrowings of approximately $67.8 million by participating subsidiaries), which is reflected as cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheet.
for more information on our credit agreement and our other debt agreements, see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
our ability to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, working capital levels and capital structure, which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors which may be beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future financings will be available on acceptable terms or in amounts sufficient to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to make necessary capital expenditures.
acquisitions a. acquisition of recall on may 2, 2016 (sydney, australia time), we completed the recall transaction. at the closing of the recall transaction, we paid approximately $331.8 million in cash and issued approximately 50.2 million shares of our common stock which, based upon the closing price of our common stock as of april 29, 2016 (the last day of trading on the nyse prior to the closing of the recall transaction) of $36.53 per share, resulted in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $2,166.9 million.
we currently estimate total acquisition and integration expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of (i) approximately $80.0 million of recall deal close & divestment costs and (ii) approximately $300.0 million of integration expenditures, including recall integration costs and capital expenditures to integrate recall with our existing operations.
the following table presents the operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction incurred for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016 and the cumulative amount incurred through december 31, 2016 (in thousands):
capital expenditures                                          65                              18,391                      18,456
b. other noteworthy 2016 acquisitions in march 2016, we acquired a controlling interest in docufile holdings proprietary limited ("docufile"), a storage and records management company with operations in south africa, for approximately $15.0 million. the acquisition of docufile represents our entrance into africa.
in march 2016, in order to expand our presence in the baltic region, we acquired the stock of archyvu sistemos, a storage and records management company with operations in lithuania, latvia and estonia, for approximately $5.1 million.
in august 2016, we reached an agreement in principle under a non-binding memorandum of understanding to acquire the information management operations of santa fe group a/s ("santa fe") in ten regions within europe and asia (the "santa fe transaction"). in november 2016, we entered into a binding agreement for the santa fe transaction (the "santa fe agreement"). in december 2016, in order to expand our presence in southeast asia and western europe, we acquired the information management assets and operations of santa fe in hong kong, malaysia, singapore, spain and taiwan (the "2016 santa fe transaction") for approximately 15.2 million euros (approximately $16.0 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro as of december 30, 2016, the closing date of the 2016 santa fe transaction). of the total purchase price, 13.5 million euros (or approximately $14.2 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro on the closing date of the 2016 santa fe transaction) was paid during the year ended december 31, 2016, and the remaining balance is due on the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the 2016 santa fe transaction. we expect to acquire the remainder of santa fe's information management operations located in india, indonesia, macau, the philippines and south korea (the "pending santa fe transaction") during the first half of 2017. the pending santa fe transaction has an aggregate purchase price of approximately 11.8 million euros (or approximately $12.4 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro as of december 31, 2016). however, under the santa fe agreement, the completion of the pending santa fe transaction is subject to closing conditions; accordingly, we can provide no assurance that we will complete the pending santa fe transaction, that the pending santa fe transaction will not be delayed or that the terms of the pending santa fe transaction will not change.
divestments as discussed in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, we were required to make the divestments in connection with the recall transaction. all of the divestments were completed during the year ended december 31, 2016. the net proceeds received in 2016 in connection with the divestments were used to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and ultimately will be reinvested in our business.
the access sale (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) resulted in total consideration of $80.0 million, including cash proceeds of $55.0 million received at the closing of the transaction and an additional amount of contingent consideration of up to $25.0 million payable upon the 27-month anniversary of the closing of the access sale. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for information regarding our estimate of the fair value of this contingent consideration.
the australia sale (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) resulted in total consideration of approximately 70.0 million australian dollars (or approximately $53.2 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the australian dollar as of october 31, 2016 (the closing date of the australia sale)), subject to adjustments. the total consideration for the australia sale consists of (i) 35.0 million australian dollars in cash received upon the closing of the australia sale and (ii) 35.0 million australian dollars in the form of a note from the buyers to us (the"bridging loan note"). the bridging loan note bears interest at 3.3% per annum and matures of december 29, 2017, at which point all outstanding obligations become due. the purchase price for the australia sale is subject to certain adjustments, including adjustments associated with customer attrition subsequent to the closing of the australia sale.
the uk sale (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) resulted in total consideration of approximately 1.8 million british pounds sterling (or approximately $2.2 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the british pound sterling as of december 9, 2016 (the closing date of the uk sale)), subject to adjustments.
the arkive sale (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), resulted in total consideration of approximately $50.0 million, subject to adjustments. of the total consideration for the arkive sale, we received approximately $45.0 million in cash proceeds upon the closing of the arkive sale and the remaining consideration is held in escrow. arkive may be entitled to receive from us, on the 24-month anniversary of the closing of the arkive sale, cash payments, up to the total consideration paid by arkive, based on lost revenues attributable to the acquired customer base.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in thousands):
payments due by period total             less than1 year                 1-3 years                 3-5 years            more than5 years capital lease obligations                                               $309,860                 $52,640                     $85,519                   $70,405                  $101,296
long-term debt obligations (excluding capital lease obligations)       6,010,981                 120,335                   1,471,901                 1,679,396                 2,739,349
operating lease obligations(2)                                         2,414,622                 294,103                     511,789                   433,715                 1,175,015
(1)   amounts include variable rate interest payments, which are calculated utilizing the applicable interest rates as of december 31, 2016; see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. amounts also include interest on capital leases.
(2)   these amounts are net of sublease income of $28.0 million in total (including $6.4 million, $8.3 million, $6.1 million and $7.2 million, in less than 1 year, 1-3 years, 3-5 years and more than 5 years, respectively).
(3)   the table above excludes $59.5 million in uncertain tax positions as we are unable to make reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities.
(4)   the table above excludes $54.7 million of redeemable noncontrolling interests, which represents the estimated redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated subsidiaries in chile, india and south africa.
we expect to meet our cash flow requirements for the next twelve months from cash generated from operations, existing cash, cash equivalents, borrowings under the credit agreement and other financings, which may include senior or senior subordinated notes, secured credit facilities, securitizations and mortgage or capital lease financings, or the issuance of equity. we expect to meet our long-term cash flow requirements using the same means described above. we are currently operating above our long-term targeted leverage ratio and expect to do so for the foreseeable future. as a reit, we expect our long-term capital allocation strategy will naturally shift towards lower leverage, though our leverage has increased over the last several fiscal years to fund the costs of the reit conversion and the recall transaction.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in regulation s-k item 303(a)(4)(ii).
net operating losses we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2023 through 2033, of $67.1 million at december 31, 2016 to reduce future federal taxable income, of which $1.2 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given available year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2017 through 2035, of which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $97.5 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 73%.
inflation certain of our expenses, such as wages and benefits, insurance, occupancy costs and equipment repair and replacement, are subject to normal inflationary pressures. although to date we have been able to offset inflationary cost increases with increased operating efficiencies, the negotiation of favorable long-term real estate leases and an ability to increase prices in our customer contracts (many of which contain provisions for inflationary price escalators), we can give no assurance that we will be able to offset any future inflationary cost increases through similar efficiencies, leases or increased storage rental or service charges.