we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we have a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages, fire, explosions, terrorism, political unrest, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers’ or co-manufacturers’ operations. if we do not effectively respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. if that occurs, we may lose our customers’ confidence or suffer damage to our reputation, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. in addition, we might not have the functions, processes or organizational capability necessary to achieve on our anticipated timeframes our strategic ambition to reconfigure our supply chain and drive efficiencies to fuel growth. further, our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory restrictions or labor-related constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate. these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
(5)   non-gaap adjustments related to the 2014-2018 restructuring program and the 2012-2014 restructuring program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-gaap adjustments.