item 1a.      risk factors you should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. these risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
risks relating to the company generally legal and regulatory risks we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims.
our operating companies provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory and actuarial services, to clients around the world. as a result, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "e&o claims." in our risk and insurance services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients' risks, advise clients, place coverage or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. in our consulting segment, where we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investments, actuarial, pension administration and other services. these services frequently involve complex calculations and other analysis, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (v) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers. these matters often relate to services provided by the company dating back many years. such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. we may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
in establishing liabilities for e&o claims in accordance with fasb asc subtopic no. 450-20 (contingencies - loss contingencies), the company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis by oliver wyman group, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. a liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the challenges inherent in establishing liabilities in accordance with fasb asc subtopic no. 450-20, as well as the unpredictability of e&o claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition in a given quarterly or annual period.
further, and as more fully described in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report, we are subject to legal proceedings, regulatory investigations and other contingencies other than e&o claims which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the european union and its member states and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. for example, we are subject to regulation by agencies such as the securities and exchange commission in the united states and the financial conduct authority (the "fca") in the united kingdom, state insurance regulators in the united states and self-regulatory organizations such as finra, as further described
above under part i, item 1 - business (regulation) of this report. we are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act. we are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, taxation, anti-trust, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex, and our efforts to comply with them require significant resources. in some cases, these laws and regulations may impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients. the cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on the company by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our client or employee relationships.
in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. such authorities may require the company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. in some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. in the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions.
cybersecurity and data protection risks we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems.
we rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. in the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties. this electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients' personal data. our information technology systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of security breaches. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. the latency of such attacks is often measured in months, and we may not be able to detect an attack in a timely manner. we could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, or sensitive client or company data are compromised.
we are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries, including by state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers or "hactivists" (activist hackers), through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems.
as the breadth and complexity of our infrastructure continues to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile technologies, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet (known as the "internet of things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from theft, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our infrastructure, such as data encryption or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be effective against an attack. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business.
due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors issue security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we are at risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. we are also dependent on third party vendors like cloud service providers to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. if we, our clients and our vendors are unable to keep systems patched in a timely manner, they may be breached, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients. a small percentage of them have direct access to our systems. we are at risk of a cyber-attack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party's data protection processes or the cyber-attackers gaining access to our infrastructure through the third party. to the extent that a vendor or third party suffers a cyber-attack that compromises their operations, we could incur significant costs and possible service interruption, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including 115 in the period from 2011-2016. the process of integrating the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses in the target's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber-attack. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information by employees, vendors or other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. improper access to or disclosure of sensitive client or company information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts, as well as under existing or future laws, rules and regulations.
we have from time to time experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices. like many companies, we are subject to regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections and data losses. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches.
the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation.
in providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive client or company data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. we leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. as a result, we are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. for example, in april 2016 the european commission adopted the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of its laws and adds a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of significant data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. at a state level, the new york state department of financial services has issued cybersecurity regulations which impose an array of detailed security measures on covered entities. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time and may restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
unauthorized disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. for example, under the gdpr, violations could result in a fine of up to 4% of a corporation's global annual revenue. such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose clients, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
competitive risks we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses.
as a global professional services firm, the company faces intense, sustained competition in each of its operating segments. our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our customers' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, known as "disintermediation," and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. if we are unable to respond successfully to the competition we face, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely impacted.
as a u.s.-domiciled company, our consolidated effective tax rate is higher than a number of our key competitors that are domiciled outside the united states where corporate tax rates are lower than the u.s. federal statutory tax rate. certain of our businesses, such as marsh & mclennan agency, also operate primarily in the united states where their earnings are subject to higher tax rates. the higher consolidated tax rate at which our earnings are taxed could have an adverse impact on our ability to compete with a number of our competitors. additionally, the tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations of the u.s. and other jurisdictions could change in the future, and such changes could cause a material change in our tax rate.
in our risk and insurance services segment, in addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete intensely against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage and risk advisory firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. we also compete with insurance and reinsurance companies that market and service their insurance products without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services including through technological solutions. this competition is intensified by an industry trend toward a "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the
purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, where a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account. in addition, third party capital providers have entered the insurance and reinsurance risk transfer market offering products and capital directly to our clients. their presence in the market increases the competitive pressures that we face.
in our consulting segment, we compete for business with numerous consulting firms and similar organizations, many of whom also provided, or are affiliated with firms that provided, accounting, information systems, technology and financial services. such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage.
the loss of key professionals could hurt our ability to retain existing client revenues and generate revenues from new business.
across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining the client relationships as well as performing the services on which our revenues depend. it is therefore important for us to attract, incentivize and retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of members of our senior management team. we face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent and the general mobility of professionals.
losing employees who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. and, subject to applicable enforceable restrictive covenants, if a key employee were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services.
our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to effectively apply technology in driving value for our clients.
to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. the threat comes from traditional players through disintermediation as well as from new entrants. we must also identify relevant technologies and methodologies and integrate them into our product and service offerings. we may not be able to do this effectively. additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses, and we may not make sufficient investments necessary to realize these goals.
we have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. in addition to new platforms and systems, we are deploying new processes and many of our colleagues across the business are changing the way they perform certain roles to capture efficiencies. these initiatives may not yield sufficient return to cover the investments they require. in some cases, we depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute well on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our reputation is one of our key assets. we advise our clients on and provide services related to a wide range of subjects and our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, financial condition and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters or others could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and maintain existing ones as mentioned above. negative public opinion could also result from actual or alleged conduct by us or those currently or formerly associated with us in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, regulatory compliance, and the use and protection of data and systems, satisfaction of client expectations, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. this damage to our reputation could further affect the confidence of our clients, rating agencies, regulators, stockholders and the other parties in a wide range
of transactions that are important to our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
consolidation in the industries we serve could adversely affect our business.
companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current clients merge, or consolidate or combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients. if one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for its services, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. any of these or similar possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business. the insurance industry saw increased market consolidation in 2016, and this trend could continue or accelerate in 2017. as the insurance and reinsurance companies continue to consolidate, guy carpenter's smaller client base may be more susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, data processing, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. these third parties include correspondents, agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, plan trustees, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, investment managers, risk modeling providers, outsourced providers of client-related services and providers of human resource functions, such as recruiters. as we do not fully control the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay and expense. a failure by the third parties to comply with service level agreement, or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. in addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
financial risks our results of operations could be adversely affected by macroeconomic conditions, political events and market conditions.
macroeconomic conditions and political events around the world affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. these conditions may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. changes in macroeconomic and political conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain. for example, recently there has been a move toward protectionist laws and business practices in some countries, which could favor local competition and adversely affect our business. in particular, on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom held a referendum and voted in favor of leaving the european union, or e.u., referred to as "brexit". brexit has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the e.u., and this uncertainty may last for years. our business in the united kingdom, the e.u. and worldwide could be affected during this period of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of the united kingdom's referendum. in addition, as a result of the recent change of administration in the united states, changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries
where we currently do business, and any negative sentiments toward the united states as a result of such changes, could adversely affect our business. further, concerns persist regarding the economic health and political stability of certain eurozone countries. if the demand for our products and services declines as a result of these or any other macroeconomic conditions, political events or market conditions, we may be required to respond in a way which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy.
our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. these risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. in addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may continue to experience reduced investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk remain at or near their current low levels. if the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. finally, the value of the company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations.
if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. accounts receivable typically total about one-quarter of our total annual revenues, and as of december 31, 2016, our accounts receivable were approximately $3.4 billion. macroeconomic conditions could result in financial difficulties for our clients, which could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance or default on their payment obligations to us. timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. if we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of, or be unable to collect, our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. in addition, if we experience an increase in the time it takes to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected.
the maintenance and growth of our business, the payment of dividends and our ability to make share repurchases depend on our access to capital, which depends in large part on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of equity and debt financing. certain of our businesses such as gc securities and mmc securities (europe) limited also rely on financings by us to fund debt and equity capital raising offerings by their clients. there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient positive cash flow to finance all of our capital needs or that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms or at all. in addition, our ability to obtain financing will depend in part upon prevailing conditions in credit and capital markets, which are beyond our control.
our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate.
our defined benefit pension obligations and the assets set aside to fund those obligations are sensitive to certain changes in the financial markets. any such changes may result in increased pension expense or additional cash payments to fund these plans.
the company has significant defined benefit pension obligations to its current and former employees, totaling approximately $15.6 billion, and related plan assets of approximately $14.4 billion, at december 31, 2016 on a u.s. gaap basis. the company's policy for funding its defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth by law. in the united states, contributions to these plans are based on erisa guidelines. outside the united states, contributions are generally based on statutory requirements and local funding practices, which may differ
from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., for example, the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee. currently, this results in a lower funded status than under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
the financial calculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans are complex. pension plan assets could decrease as the result of poor future asset performance. also, pension plan liabilities, periodic pension expense and future funding amounts could increase as a result of a decline in the interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, longer lifespans than those reflected in our mortality assumptions, actual investment return that is less than the expected return on assets, adverse changes in laws or regulations and other variables.
while we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of pension volatility on our earnings and cash funding requirements, these strategies may not be successful. accordingly, given the magnitude of our worldwide pension plans, variations in or reassessment of the preceding factors or potential miscalculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans could cause significant fluctuation from year to year in our earnings and cash flow, as well as our pension plan assets, liabilities and equity, and may result in increased levels of contributions to our pension plans.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business.
a significant portion of our business is located outside of the united states. we are subject to exchange rate movement because some of our subsidiaries receive revenue other than in their functional currencies and because we must translate the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars. these movements may change over time, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. our u.s. operations earn revenue and incur expenses primarily in u.s. dollars. in certain jurisdictions, however, our risk and insurance services operations generate revenue in a number of different currencies, but expenses are almost entirely incurred in local currency. due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, we are subject to economic exposure as well as currency translation exposure on the net operating results of our operations. because the non-u.s. based revenue that is exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations is approximately 50% of total revenue, exchange rate movement can have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. for additional discussion, see "market risk and credit risk-foreign currency risk" in part ii, item 7a ("quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk") of this report.
the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from our operating subsidiaries. because we do not have significant operations of our own, we are dependent upon dividends and other payments from our operating subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders, repurchasing our common stock under our share repurchase program and paying corporate expenses. in the event our operating subsidiaries are unable to pay sufficient dividends and make other payments to the company, we may not be able to service our debt, pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock or meet our other obligations.
further, the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside the united states. funds from the current year's earnings of the company's non-u.s. operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states. a number of factors could arise that could limit our ability to repatriate funds or could make repatriation cost-prohibitive, including, but not limited to, the imposition of currency controls and other government restrictions on repatriation in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, the imposition of withholding and other taxes on such payments and our ability to repatriate earnings in a tax-efficient manner.
in the event we are unable to generate or repatriate cash from our operating subsidiaries for any of the reasons discussed above, our overall liquidity could deteriorate and our ability to finance our obligations, including to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock, could be adversely affected.
our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly.
quarterly variations in revenues and operating results may occur due to several factors. these include:
•   the number of client engagements during a quarter;
•   the possibility that clients may decide to delay or terminate a current or anticipated project as a result of factors unrelated to our work product or progress;
•   fluctuations in hiring and utilization rates and clients' ability to terminate engagements without penalty;
•   seasonality due to the impact of regulatory deadlines, policy renewals and other timing factors to which our clients are subject;
•   the success of our acquisitions or investments;
•   macroeconomic factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and global securities markets, particularly in the case of mercer, where fees in its investments business and certain other business lines are derived from the value of assets under management or administration; and
•   general economic conditions, since results of operations are directly affected by the levels of business activity of our clients, which in turn are affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve.
a significant portion of our total operating expenses is relatively fixed in the short term. therefore, a variation in the number of client assignments or in the timing of the initiation or the completion of client assignments can cause significant variations in quarterly operating results for these businesses.
credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk.
if we need to raise capital in the future (for example, in order to fund maturing debt obligations or finance acquisitions or other initiatives), credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs, and could limit our access to financing sources. further, a downgrade to a rating below investment-grade could result in greater operational risks through increased operating costs and increased competitive pressures.
global operations we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations.
we do business worldwide. in 2016, 50% of the company's total revenue was generated from operations outside the united states, and over one-half of our employees were located outside the united states. we expect to expand our non-u.s. operations further.
the geographic breadth of our activities subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance and reputational risks. these include, among others, risks relating to:
•   economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate;
•   unexpected increases in taxes or changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations, including recent international initiatives to require multinational enterprises, like ours, to report profitability on a country-by-country basis, which could increase scrutiny by foreign tax authorities;
•   potential transfer pricing-related tax exposures that may result from the flow of funds among our subsidiaries and affiliates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate;
•   withholding or other taxes that foreign governments may impose on the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   potential conflicts of interest that may arise as we expand the scope of our businesses and our client base;
•   international hostilities, terrorist activities, natural disasters and infrastructure disruptions;
•   local investment or other financial restrictions that foreign governments may impose;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations (including tax systems) administered by foreign government agencies, some of which may conflict with u.s. or other sources of law;
•   potential costs and difficulties in complying, or monitoring compliance, with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as cuba, iran, russia, sudan and syria and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010;
•   limitations or restrictions that foreign or u.s. governments and regulators may impose on the products or services we sell, the methods by which we sell our products and services and the manner in which we are compensated;
•   limitations that foreign governments may impose on the conversion of currency or the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•   the length of payment cycles and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•   engaging and relying on third parties to perform services on behalf of the company; and
our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber-attack, power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. the risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like new york or london, where we have concentrations of customers and employees or significant operations, and in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to potential threat of terrorist attacks or military conflicts.
our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. if a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. a cyber-attack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. an extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues.
we regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. however, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. our business disruption insurance may also not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption.
acquisitions and dispositions we face risks when we acquire and dispose of businesses.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including a total of 115 in the period 2011-2016. we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to complete the transactions we decide to pursue with favorable results. as we typically acquire other professional services firms, the success of our transactions is also highly dependent on the retention of the key employees of our acquisition targets.
while we intend that our acquisitions will improve our competitiveness and profitability, we cannot be certain that our past or future acquisitions will be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet our operational or strategic expectations. acquisitions involve special risks, including accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology or human resources issues that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of the acquired company; the assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies;
difficulties in integrating acquired businesses; possible management distraction; and the inability of acquired businesses to achieve the levels of revenue, profit, productivity or synergies we anticipate or otherwise perform as we expect on the timeline contemplated. in addition, if in the future, the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. as of december 31, 2016, the company's consolidated balance sheet reflected $9.5 billion of goodwill and intangible assets, representing approximately 52% of the company's total consolidated assets and allocated by reporting segment as follows: risk and insurance services, $6.8 billion and consulting, $2.7 billion. given the significant size of the company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period.
when we dispose of businesses, we are also subject to the risk, contractually agreed or otherwise, that we will continue to be subject to the liabilities of that business after its disposition.
risks relating to our risk and insurance services segment our risk and insurance services segment, conducted through marsh and guy carpenter, represented 54% of the company's total revenue in 2016. our business in this segment is subject to particular risks.
results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity.
demand for many types of insurance and reinsurance generally rises or falls as economic growth expands or slows. this dynamic affects the level of commissions and fees generated by marsh and guy carpenter. to the extent our clients become adversely affected by declining business conditions, they may choose to limit their purchases of insurance and reinsurance coverage, as applicable, which would inhibit our ability to generate commission revenue and other revenue based on premiums placed by us. also, the insurance they seek to obtain through us may be impacted by changes in their assets, property values, sales or number of employees, which may reduce our commission revenue, and they may decide not to purchase our risk advisory or other services, which would inhibit our ability to generate fee revenue. moreover, insolvencies and combinations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies and combinations in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients or by hampering our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business, as well as our revenues from insurers. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the market place.
volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to improve revenues and profitability.
a significant portion of our risk and insurance services revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. we do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. the potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to the normal cycles of pricing in the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets.
as traditional insurance companies continue to rely on non-affiliated brokers or agents to generate premium, those insurance companies may seek to reduce their expenses by lowering their commission rates. the reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility or declines in premiums, may significantly affect our profitability. because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenues, including whether they will significantly decline. as a result, we may have to adjust our budgets for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenues, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-
protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the use of captive insurers, and the advent of capital markets-based solutions to traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and insurances services segment depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical services and other advice that we provide. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
allegations of conflicts of interest, adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients could have a material adverse effect on marsh's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ways in which insurance intermediaries are compensated receive scrutiny from regulators in part because of the potential for conflicts of interest. the vast majority of the compensation that marsh receives is in the form of retail fees and commissions that are paid by the client or paid from premium that is paid by the client. the amount of other compensation that we receive from insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions, has increased significantly in the last several years, both organically and through acquisition. this other compensation includes payment for (i) consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; (ii) administrative and other services provided to insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities); and (iii) contingent commissions (paid by insurers based on volume and profitability of marsh's placements). future changes in the regulatory environment may impact our ability to collect these revenue streams. in addition, these revenues present potential regulatory, litigation and reputational risks that may arise from alleged conflicts of interest or allegations under antitrust, competition and unfair trade practice laws. adverse regulatory, legal or other developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and expose the company to negative publicity and reputational harm.
risks relating to our consulting segment our consulting segment, conducted through mercer and oliver wyman group, represented 46% of our total revenue in 2016. our businesses in this segment are subject to particular risks.
revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset markets, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation.
global economic conditions over the past several years have negatively affected businesses and financial institutions. many of our clients, including financial institutions, corporations, government entities and pension plans, have been reducing expenses, including amounts spent on consulting services, and using internal resources instead of consultants. the evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and our revenues and profitability. if the economy or markets in which we operate experience continued weakness at current levels or deteriorate further, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, some segments of mercer's investments business generate fees based upon the value of the clients' assets under management or advisement. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency, real estate, commodities or other asset classes could cause the value of assets under management or advisement, and the fees received by mercer, to decline. such changes could also cause clients to withdraw funds from mercer's investment business in favor of other investment service providers. in either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. further, revenue received by mercer as investment manager to the majority of the mercer-managed investment funds is reported in accordance with u.s. gaap on a gross basis rather than a net basis. therefore the reported revenue for these offerings does not fully reflect the inclusion of sub-advisor fees, and thus the amount of revenue ultimately attributable to mercer would be lower.
demand for many of mercer's benefits services is affected by government regulation and tax laws, rulings, policies and interpretations, which drive our clients' needs for benefits-related services. significant changes in government regulations affecting the value, use or delivery of benefits and human resources programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans, defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of mercer's services.
factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer.
mercer currently provides corporate, multi-employer and public clients with actuarial, consulting and administration services relating to defined benefit pension plans. the nature of our work is complex. our actuarial services involve numerous assumptions and estimates regarding future events, including interest rates used to discount future liabilities, estimated rates of return for a plan's assets, healthcare cost trends, salary projections and participants' life expectancies. our consulting services involve the drafting and interpretation of trust deeds and other complex documentation governing pension plans. our administration services include calculating benefits within complicated pension plan structures. clients dissatisfied with our services have brought, and may bring, significant claims against us, particularly in the united states and the united kingdom. in addition, a number of mercer's clients have frozen or curtailed their defined benefit plans and have moved to defined contribution plans resulting in reduced revenue for mercer's retirement business. these developments could adversely affect mercer's business and operating results.
mercer's investment business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-party investment managers, operational risk, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business.
mercer's investment business provides clients with investment consulting and investment management (referred to as "delegated solutions") services. in the investment consulting business, clients make and implement their own investment decisions based upon advice provided by mercer. in its delegated solutions business, mercer implements the client's investment policy by engaging and overseeing independent asset managers who determine which securities to buy and sell. to effect implementation of a client's investment policy, mercer may utilize its "manager of managers" investment funds.
mercer's investment business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to third-parties, our operations, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance and scrutiny, which could arise in connection with these offerings. for example, mercer's due diligence on an asset manager may fail to uncover material deficiencies or fraud that could result in investment losses to a client. there is a risk that mercer will fail to properly implement a client's investment policy, which could cause an incorrect or untimely allocation of client assets among asset managers or strategies. mercer may also be perceived as recommending certain asset managers to clients, or offering delegated solutions to an investment consulting client, solely to enhance its own compensation. asset classes may perform poorly, or investment managers may underperform their benchmarks, due to poor market performance, negligence or other reasons, resulting in poor returns or loss of client capital. these risks, if realized, could result in significant liability and to damage our business. in addition, the fca is conducting a market study of the u.k. asset management industry, which includes asset managers and investment consultants. in november 2016, the fca published an interim report which contains preliminary findings relating to the investment consulting industry and a provisional reference to the u.k. competition & markets authority (cma) for a market investigation reference (mir).  if the mir goes forward, the cma may impose remedies on the industry that may adversely affect mercer's u.k. investment consulting and delegated solutions businesses.
the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on ensuring that our consultants maintain adequate utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of our consultants' working hours devoted to billable activities). our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   our ability to continually secure new business engagements, particularly because a portion of our work is project-based rather than recurring in nature;
•   our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;
•   unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements;
•   the potential for conflicts of interest that might require us to decline client engagements that we otherwise would have accepted;
•   our need to devote time and resources to sales, training, professional development and other non-billable activities;
•   the potential disruptive impact of acquisitions and dispositions; and
•   general economic conditions.
if the utilization rate for our consulting professionals declines, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
in addition, the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on the prices we are able to charge for our services. the prices we charge are affected by a number of factors, including:
•   clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services;
•   market demand for the services we provide;
•   our ability to develop new services and the introduction of new services by competitors;
•   the pricing policies of our competitors;
•   the extent to which our clients develop in-house or other capabilities to perform the services that they might otherwise purchase from us; and
•   general economic conditions.
if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for our services, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general marsh & mclennan companies, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "company") is a global professional services firm offering clients advice and solutions in risk, strategy and people. it is the parent company of a number of leading risk advisors and specialty consultants, including: marsh, the insurance broker, intermediary and risk advisor; guy carpenter, the risk and reinsurance specialist; mercer, the provider of hr and investment related financial advice and services; and oliver wyman group, the management, economic and brand consultancy. with approximately 60,000 employees worldwide and annual revenue of more than $13 billion, the company provides analysis, advice and transactional capabilities to clients in more than 130 countries.
the company conducts business through two segments:
•   risk and insurance services includes risk management activities (risk advice, risk transfer and risk control and mitigation solutions) as well as insurance and reinsurance broking and services. the company conducts business in this segment through marsh and guy carpenter.
•   consulting includes health, retirement, talent and investments consulting services and products, and specialized management, economic and brand consulting services. the company conducts business in this segment through mercer and oliver wyman group.
we describe the primary sources of revenue and categories of expense for each segment below, in our discussion of segment financial results. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 in this report. the accounting policies used for each segment are the same as those used for the consolidated financial statements.
this management's discussion & analysis ("md&a") contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "information concerning forward-looking statements" at the outset of this report.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31,(in millions, except per share figures)        2016            2015            2014
expense compensation and benefits                                                     7,461           7,334           7,515
other operating expenses                                                      3,086           3,140           3,135
operating expenses                                                           10,547          10,474          10,650
operating income                                                             $2,664          $2,419          $2,301
discontinued operations, net of tax                                               -               -              26
average number of shares outstanding:
consolidated operating income increased 10% to $2.7 billion in 2016 compared with $2.4 billion in 2015, reflecting the combined impact of a 2% increase in revenue and a 1% increase in expenses as compared to the prior year.
diluted net income per share from continuing operations was $3.38 in 2016, compared with $2.98 in 2015, reflecting a $169 million increase in net income as well as a 2% decrease in the average number of diluted shares outstanding as compared to the same period last year. shares issued related to the vesting of share awards and exercise of employee stock options were more than offset by share repurchases over the past four quarters.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $214 million, or 14% in 2016 compared with 2015. revenue increased 4% reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation of 2%. expense increased 1% in 2016 compared with 2015.
consulting operating income increased $28 million, or 3%, to $1.1 billion in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting the combined impact of 1% revenue growth, while expense was flat.
consolidated operating income increased 5% to $2.4 billion in 2015 compared with $2.3 billion in 2014, reflecting the combined impact of a slight decrease in revenue and a 2% decrease in expense as compared with the prior year. the company achieved this growth despite significant foreign exchange headwinds, caused by the strengthened u.s. dollar, which had the effect of reducing the translated value of the company's foreign earnings.
risk and insurance services operating income increased $30 million, or 2%, in 2015 compared with 2014. revenue decreased 1%, while expenses decreased 2%.
consulting operating income increased $80 million, or 8%, to $1.1 billion in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting flat revenue and decrease in expense of 1%. the operating income and revenue in 2015 include a pre-tax gain of $37 million from the sale of mercer's u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business.
the company recorded expenses related to the early extinguishment of debt of $137 million in 2014.
consolidated revenue and expense revenue - components of change the company conducts business in many countries. as a result foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. similarly, certain other items such as the revenue impact of acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. underlying revenue measures the change in revenue from one period to another by isolating these impacts. the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, on the company's operating revenues by segment was as follows:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2016                    2015               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue risk and insurance services marsh                                         $5,976                  $5,727                     4            %        (2   )%                            4   %                              3          %
total risk and insurance services              7,143                   6,869                     4            %        (2   )%                            3   %                              3          %
*   components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                           components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2016                    2015                % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue marsh:
health                                        $1,588                  $1,558                      2   %                 (1   )%                            -                                  3          %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions, transfers among businesses and the deconsolidation of marsh india. for 2015, the impact of the gain from the disposal of mercer's u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business is included in acquisitions/dispositions in mercer's retirement business.
*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)        2015                    2014               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue risk and insurance services marsh                                         $5,727                  $5,753                     -                     (7   )%                            3                 %                3          %
total risk and insurance services              6,869                   6,931                    (1   )%                (6   )%                            2                 %                3          %
*   components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year endeddecember 31,                                                                                          components of revenue change*
(in millions, except percentage figures)            2015                    2014               % change gaaprevenue      currencyimpact           acquisitions/dispositionsimpact           underlyingrevenue marsh:
health                                            $1,558                  $1,553                     -                     (3   )%                           (2                )%                6          %
underlying revenue measures the change in revenue using consistent currency exchange rates, excluding the impact of certain items that affect comparability such as: acquisitions, dispositions and transfers among businesses. for 2015, the impact of a $37 million gain from the disposal of mercer's u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business is included in acquisitions/dispositions in mercer's retirement business.
*                                                                                                                                                                                                                   components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
revenue consolidated revenue was $13.2 billion in 2016, an increase of 2%, or 3% on an underlying basis. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 4% in 2016 compared with 2015, or 3% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 3% and 2% on an underlying basis at marsh and guy carpenter, respectively, as compared with 2015. the consulting segment's revenue increased 1% on a
reported basis compared with 2015, or 3% on an underlying basis. both mercer and oliver wyman group's revenue increased 3% on an underlying basis compared with 2015.
consolidated revenue was $12.9 billion in 2015, a slight decrease from 2014, but an increase of 4% on an underlying basis. revenue in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 1% in 2015 compared with 2014, but increased 3% on an underlying basis. revenue increased 3% and 2% on an underlying basis at marsh and guy carpenter, respectively, as compared with 2014. the consulting segment's revenue was flat compared with 2014, but increased 5% on an underlying basis. mercer and oliver wyman's revenue increased 4% and 7% on an underlying basis, respectively, compared with 2014.
operating expense consolidated operating expenses increased 1% in 2016 compared with the same period in 2015 on both a reported and underlying basis. the underlying expense increase reflects higher base salary costs, higher amortization of identified intangible assets and the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the company's post-65 retiree medical reimbursement plan in the united states (the "rra plan"), which was recorded in the first quarter of 2015, partly offset by decreases in defined benefit plan pension expense and contingent acquisition consideration expense.
consolidated operating expenses decreased 2% in 2015 compared with the same period in 2014, but increased 3% on an underlying basis. the increase in underlying expenses primarily reflects higher base salary, bonus, and higher defined benefit and defined contribution plan costs ("retirement benefit costs"), partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan.
risk and insurance services in the risk and insurance services segment, the company's subsidiaries and other affiliated entities act as brokers, agents or consultants for insureds, insurance underwriters and other brokers in the areas of risk management, insurance broking and insurance program management services, primarily under the name of marsh; and engage in reinsurance broking, catastrophe and financial modeling services and related advisory functions, primarily under the name of guy carpenter.
marsh and guy carpenter are compensated for brokerage and consulting services primarily through fees paid by clients or commissions paid out of premiums charged by insurance and reinsurance companies. commission rates vary in amount depending upon the type of insurance or reinsurance coverage provided, the particular insurer or reinsurer, the capacity in which the broker acts and negotiates with clients. revenues can be affected by premium rate levels in the insurance/reinsurance markets, the amount of risk retained by insurance and reinsurance clients themselves and by the value of the risks that have been insured since commission-based compensation is frequently related to the premiums paid by insureds/reinsureds. in many cases, fee compensation may be negotiated in advance, based on the type of risk, coverage required and service provided by the company and ultimately, the extent of the risk placed into the insurance market or retained by the client. the trends and comparisons of revenue from one period to the next can be affected by changes in premium rate levels, fluctuations in client risk retention and increases or decreases in the value of risks that have been insured, as well as new and lost business, and the volume of business from new and existing clients.
marsh also receives other compensation from insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions. this compensation includes, among other things, payment for consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; administrative and other services provided to or on behalf of insurers (including services relating to the administration and management of quota share, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate); and contingent commissions. marsh and guy carpenter also receive interest income on certain funds (such as premiums and claims proceeds) held in a fiduciary capacity for others. the investment of fiduciary funds is regulated by state and other insurance authorities. these regulations typically require segregation of fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made with them. interest income from these investments varies depending on the amount of funds invested and applicable interest rates, both of which vary from time to time. for presentation purposes, fiduciary interest is segregated from the other revenues of marsh and guy carpenter and separately presented within the segment, as shown in the revenue by segments charts presented earlier in this md&a.
the results of operations for the risk and insurance services segment are presented below:
(in millions of dollars, except percentages)        2016                2015                2014
compensation and benefits                          3,732               3,629               3,781
other operating expenses                           1,658               1,701               1,641
operating expenses                                 5,390               5,330               5,422
operating income                                  $1,753              $1,539              $1,509
operating income margin                             24.5   %            22.4   %            21.8   %
revenue revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 4% in 2016 compared with 2015, as a 3% growth in underlying revenue and 3% growth from acquisitions was partly offset by a 2% decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation.
in marsh, revenue of $6 billion increased 4% on a reported basis in 2016 as compared with 2015, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 4% increase from acquisitions, offset by a 2% decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue increase reflects growth in all major geographies. international operations had underlying revenue growth of 3% reflecting increases of 2% in emea, 3% in asia pacific and 8% in latin america, while u.s./canada increased 2%.
guy carpenter's revenue increased 2% to $1.1 billion in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting an increase of 2% on an underlying basis.
fiduciary interest income was $26 million in 2016 compared with $21 million in 2015 due to the combined effect of higher average invested funds and higher interest rates.
the risk and insurance services segment completed nine acquisitions during 2016. information regarding those acquisitions is included in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 1%, but increased 3% on an underlying basis, in 2015 compared with 2014.
in marsh, revenue of $5.7 billion, was essentially flat on a reported basis in 2015 as compared with 2014, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis and a 3% increase from acquisitions, offset by a 7% decrease resulting from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue increase reflects growth in all major geographies. international operations had underlying revenue growth of 3% reflecting increases of 2% in emea, 2% in asia pacific and 8% in latin america, while u.s./canada increased 3%.
guy carpenter's revenue decreased 3% to $1.1 billion in 2015 compared with 2014, but increased 2% on an underlying basis.
the risk and insurance services segment completed thirteen acquisitions during 2015.
expense expense in the risk and insurance services segment increased 1% on both a reported and underlying basis in 2016 compared with 2015. the impact of foreign currency translation reduced expenses by 3%, which was offset by a 3% increase related to acquisitions. the increase in underlying expense reflects higher base salary and incentive compensation costs, higher identified intangible asset amortization expense and the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan which was recorded in the first quarter of 2015, offset by a decrease in defined benefit plan pension expense and lower contingent consideration costs related to acquisitions.
expense in the risk and insurance services segment decreased 2% on a reported basis, but increased 2% on an underlying basis, in 2015 compared with 2014. the impact of foreign currency translation reduced expenses by 7%, partly offset by a 3% increase related to acquisitions. the increase in underlying expenses reflects higher base salaries, incentive compensation and retirement benefit costs, higher intangible asset amortization expense and charges for adjustments to acquisition-related
contingent consideration liabilities, partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan.
consulting effective january 1, 2017, mercer merged its investment and retirement businesses into a newly-created wealth business. we believe this combination will align mercer's investment management capabilities globally. in addition, moving forward we will refer to our talent business as our career business.
the company conducts business in its consulting segment through two main business groups, mercer and oliver wyman group. mercer provides consulting expertise, advice, services and solutions in the areas of health, retirement, talent and investments. oliver wyman group provides specialized management, economic and brand consulting services.
the major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services. mercer, principally through its health line of business, also earns revenue in the form of commissions received from insurance companies for the placement of group (and occasionally individual) insurance contracts, primarily life, health and accident coverages. revenue for mercer's investment management business and certain of mercer's defined contribution administration services consists principally of fees based on assets under management or administration.
revenue in the consulting segment is affected by, among other things, global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. revenue is also affected by competition due to the introduction of new products and services, broad trends in employee demographics, including levels of employment, the effect of government policies and regulations, and fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates. revenues from the provision of investment management services and retirement trust and administrative services are significantly affected by the level of assets under management or administration and securities market performance.
for the investment management business, revenues from the majority of funds are included on a gross basis in accordance with u.s. gaap and include reimbursable expenses incurred by professional staff and sub-advisory fees, and the related expenses are included in other operating expenses.
the results of operations for the consulting segment are presented below:
(in millions of dollars, except percentages)        2016                2015                2014
compensation and benefits                          3,385               3,354               3,398
other operating expenses                           1,624               1,635               1,665
operating expenses                                 5,009               4,989               5,063
operating income                                  $1,103              $1,075                $996
operating income margin                             18.1   %            17.7   %            16.4   %
revenue consulting revenue in 2016 increased 1% compared with 2015, reflecting a 3% increase on an underlying basis offset by a 2% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. mercer's revenue of $4.3 billion was flat when compared with 2015 but increased 3% on an underlying basis. mercer's year over year revenue comparison reflects a decrease of 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the underlying revenue growth reflects an increase in investments of 6%, health of 3% and talent of 5%, while retirement remained flat. oliver wyman group's revenue increased 2% in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting an increase of 3% on an underlying basis, partly offset by a decrease of 2% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
the consulting segment completed six acquisitions during 2016. information regarding those acquisitions is included in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
consulting revenue in 2015 was flat compared with 2014, reflecting a 5% increase on an underlying basis and a 2% increase related to acquisitions, offset by a 7% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. mercer's revenue was $4.3 billion in 2015, a decrease of 1%, but an increase of 4% on an underlying basis. the year over year revenue change also reflects an increase of 2% from acquisitions/dispositions, offset by a decrease of 7% from the impact of foreign currency translation. mercer's revenue in 2015 includes a $37 million gain from the disposal of its u.s. defined contribution recordkeeping business, and is reflected in the 2% impact from acquisitions/dispositions. the underlying revenue growth
reflects an increase in investments of 7%, health of 6% and talent of 5%, while retirement remained flat. oliver wyman's revenue increased 3% in 2015 compared with 2014, reflecting an increase of 7% on an underlying basis and a 2% increase from acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease of 6% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
expense consulting expense in 2016 was essentially flat compared with 2015, reflecting an increase of 2% on an underlying basis offset by a 2% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expense reflects higher base salaries and the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan which was recorded in the first quarter of 2015, partly offset by lower defined benefit plan pension expense.
consulting expense in 2015 decreased 1%, reflecting increases of 4% in underlying expenses and 1% related to acquisitions, partly offset by a 6% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expense reflects the impact of higher base salaries and incentive compensation costs and higher retirement benefit costs, partly offset by the impact of the net benefit from the termination of the rra plan.
corporate and other corporate expense in 2016 was $192 million compared with $195 million in 2015, reflecting lower executive compensation and lower defined benefit pension costs.
corporate expense in 2015 was $195 million compared with $204 million in 2014. the lower expenses in 2015 were primarily due to the cost of non-recurring corporate initiatives which occurred in 2014, which included strengthening cyber security protections, expenses related to strategic investments and corporate transformation efforts, primarily within the hr and finance functions.
discontinued operations as part of the disposal transactions for putnam and kroll, the company provided certain indemnities, primarily related to pre-transaction tax uncertainties and legal contingencies. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, liabilities were established related to these indemnities at the time of the sales and reflected as a reduction of the gain on disposal. discontinued operations includes charges or credits resulting from the settlement or resolution of the indemnified matters, as well as adjustments to the liabilities related to such matters.
on december 31, 2014, an agreement was reached between putnam and the massachusetts department of revenue ("dor") regarding a tax dispute, which was covered under the indemnity agreement referred to above. in january 2015, all necessary approvals were received, the agreement was executed and the tax was paid. concurrently, putnam and the company executed a settlement agreement to resolve all remaining matters under the indemnity agreement. the company recorded a gain, net of federal tax, of approximately $28 million in 2014 related to the settlement with putnam.
summarized statements of income data for discontinued operations are as follows:
for the years ended december 31,(in millions of dollars, except per share figures)   2016      2015                   2014
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                               $-            $-                   $-
disposals of discontinued operations                                                 -             (5      )            42
disposals of discontinued operations, net of tax                                     -             -                    26
discontinued operations, net of tax                                                  $-            $-                  $26
discontinued operations, net of tax per share
other corporate items interest interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $5 million in 2016 compared with $13 million in 2015. the decrease is due to the combined effects of a lower level of invested funds and lower interest rates. interest expense was $189 million in 2016 compared with $163 million in 2015 due to higher average debt outstanding during 2015.
interest income earned on corporate funds amounted to $13 million in 2015 compared with $21 million in 2014, primarily due to a lower level of invested funds in 2015. interest expense was $163 million in 2015 compared with $165 million in 2014, due to lower average interest rates in 2015 compared with the prior year, partly offset by higher average debt outstanding during 2015.
cost of extinguishment of debt in october 2014, the company redeemed $230 million of its 2015 notes and $400 million of its 2019 notes. the company acquired the notes at market value plus a make-whole premium based on the terms of the original indenture, which exceeded the carrying value of the notes and resulted in a cost of $137 million in the fourth quarter of 2014.
investment income the caption "investment income (loss)" in the consolidated statements of income comprises realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments recognized in current earnings. it includes, when applicable, other-than-temporary declines in the value of debt and available-for-sale securities and equity method gains or losses on its investment in private equity funds. the company's investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting and related companies and investments in private equity funds. the company recorded net investment income of less than $1 million in 2016 and $38 million in 2015. net investment income in 2015 was primarily related to the general partner carried interest from trident iii. stonepoint capital, the investment manager of trident iii, substantially liquidated the remaining two investments of trident iii during the third quarter of 2015, which resulted in the company recognizing its remaining deferred performance fees.
income taxes the company's consolidated effective tax rate was 27.6%, 29.1% and 28.5% in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these rates reflect foreign operations which are taxed at rates below the u.s. statutory tax rate, including the effect of repatriation, as well as the impact of discrete tax matters such as tax legislation, changes in valuation allowances, nontaxable adjustments to contingent acquisition consideration and the true-up of the tax provision to amounts filed in the company's tax returns. in 2016, pre-tax income in the u.k., canada, luxembourg, australia, bermuda and ireland accounted for approximately 60% of the company's total non-u.s. pre-tax income, with effective rates in those countries of 23% (excluding certain discrete adjustments), 27%, 2%, 30%, 1% and 13%, respectively. the company anticipates its non-u.s. operations will continue to incur taxes at rates below the u.s. federal tax rate of 35% under current u.s. law. the company's u.s. revenue over the past three years has been approximately 50% of total revenue, while over that period the pre-tax income from u.s. locations has been approximately 25% of total pre-tax income.
as a u.s.-domiciled parent holding company, marsh & mclennan companies, inc. is the issuer of essentially all of the company's external indebtedness, and incurs the related interest expense in the u.s. further, most senior executive and oversight functions are conducted in the u.s. and the associated costs are incurred primarily in the united states.
the effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period for the foreseeable future. it is sensitive to the geographic mix of and repatriation of the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower effective tax rates. a proportional increase in u.s. pre-tax income will tend to increase the effective tax rate because u.s. federal and state corporate tax rates exceed tax rates applicable outside the u.s. losses in certain jurisdictions cannot be offset by earnings from other operations, and may require valuation allowances that affect the rate, depending on estimates of the realizability of associated deferred tax assets. the effective tax rate is also sensitive to changes in unrecognized tax benefits, including the impact of settled tax audits and expired statutes of limitation.
the realization of deferred tax assets depends on generating future taxable income during the periods in which the tax benefits are deductible or creditable. tax liabilities are determined and assessed
jurisdictionally by legal entity or filing group. certain taxing jurisdictions allow or require combined or consolidated tax filings. the company assessed the realizability of its deferred tax assets. the company considered all available evidence, including the existence of a recent history of losses, placing particular weight on evidence that could be objectively verified. a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that the company believes is more likely than not to be realized.
changes in tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations occur frequently and may also have significant favorable or adverse impacts on our effective tax rate. for example, political activity surrounding proposals for fundamental u.s. tax reform have recently intensified and such reform, if enacted, could have a significant impact on the company's effective tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries. as the company does not have significant operations of its own, the company is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt obligations, pay dividends to stockholders, repurchase its shares and pay corporate expenses. the company also provides financial support to its operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments and certain parts of their business that require liquidity, such as the capital markets business of guy carpenter. other sources of liquidity include borrowing facilities discussed below in financing cash flows.
the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside of the united states. funds from those operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the united states out of annual earnings. at december 31, 2016, the company had approximately $850 million of cash and cash equivalents in its foreign operations, substantially all of which is considered to be permanently invested in those operations to fund foreign investments and working capital needs. the non-u.s. cash and cash equivalents considered permanently reinvested includes $144 million of operating funds required to be maintained for regulatory requirements or as collateral under certain captive insurance arrangements. the company expects to continue its practice of repatriating foreign funds from its non-u.s. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings. while management does not foresee a need to repatriate the funds which are currently deemed permanently invested, if facts or circumstances change, management could elect to repatriate them, if necessary, which could result in higher effective tax rates in the future. during 2016, the company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which reduced net equity by $778 million. continued strengthening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would further reduce the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries.
cash on our consolidated balance sheets includes funds available for general corporate purposes. funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown separately in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. fiduciary funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes, and should not be considered as a source of liquidity for the company.
operating cash flows the company generated $2.0 billion of cash from operations in 2016, compared with $1.9 billion in 2015. these amounts reflect the net income of the company during those periods, excluding gains or losses from investments, adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in working capital which relate primarily to the timing of payments of accrued liabilities or receipts of assets and pension contributions.
in the united states, contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on erisa guidelines and the company generally expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined under the erisa guidelines. there was no erisa funding requirement for the u.s. qualified plan in 2016. the company expects to fund approximately $32 million to its u.s. pension plans in 2017, including $6 million to its u.s. qualified plan to meet erisa funding requirements.
the company contributed $91 million to the u.k. plans in 2016, including an expense allowance of approximately $9 million. based on the funding test carried out at november 1, 2016, the company contributions to the u.k. plans in 2017 are expected to be approximately $125 million, including the expense allowance.
outside the united states, the company has a large number of non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, the largest of which are in the u.k., which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets at december 31, 2016. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ significantly from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee that typically occurs every three years in conjunction with the actuarial valuation of the plans. currently, this results in a lower funded status than under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status. in november 2016, the company and the trustee of the u.k. defined benefits plans agreed to a funding deficit recovery plan for the u.k. defined benefit pension plans. the current agreement with the trustee sets out the annual deficit contributions which would be due based on the deficit at december 31, 2015. the funding level is subject to re-assessment, in most cases on november 1 of each year. if the funding level on november 1 is sufficient, no deficit funding contributions will be required in the following year, and the contribution amount will be deferred. as part of a long-term strategy, which depends on having greater influence over asset allocation and overall investment decisions, in november 2016 the company renewed its agreement to support annual deficit contributions by the u.k. operating companies under certain circumstances, up to gbp 450 million over a seven-year period.
in the aggregate, the company expects to contribute approximately $224 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2017, comprising approximately $99 million to plans outside of the u.k. and $125 million to the u.k. plans.
changes to pension plans effective september 1, 2015, the company divided its u.s. qualified defined benefit plan to provide enhanced flexibility to manage the risk associated with those participants not receiving benefit accruals. the existing plan was amended to cover only the retirees currently receiving benefits and terminated vested participants as of august 1, 2015. the company's active participants as of that date were transferred into a newly established, legally separate qualified defined benefit plan. the benefits offered to the plans' participants were unchanged. as a result of the plan amendment and establishment of the new plan, the company re-measured the assets and liabilities of the two plans as required under u.s. gaap, based on assumptions and market conditions at the amendment date. the net periodic pension expense recognized in 2015 reflects the weighted average costs of the december 31, 2014 measurement and the september 1, 2015 re-measurement.
the company continues to manage the cost and assess the competitiveness of its benefits programs, and also to manage the risks related to its defined benefit pension plan liabilities. in october 2016, the company modified its u.s. defined benefit pension plans to discontinue further benefit accruals for participants after december 31, 2016. at the same time, the company amended its u.s. defined contribution retirement plans for most of its u.s. employees to add an automatic company contribution equal to 4% of eligible base pay beginning on january 1, 2017. this new company contribution, together with the company's current matching contribution, provides eligible u.s. employees with the opportunity to receive a total contribution of up to 7% of eligible base pay. as required under gaap, the defined benefit plans that were significantly impacted by the modification were re-measured in october 2016 using market data and assumptions as of the modification date. the net periodic pension expense recognized in 2016 reflects the weighted average costs of the december 31, 2015 measurement and the october 2016 re-measurement. in addition, the u.s. qualified plans were merged effective december 30, 2016, since no participants would be receiving benefit accruals after december 2016.
after completion of a consultation period with affected colleagues, in january 2014, the company amended its u.k. defined benefit pension plans to close those plans to future benefit accruals effective august 1, 2014 and replaced those plans, along with its existing defined contribution plans, with a new, comprehensive defined contribution arrangement. this change resulted in a curtailment of the u.k. defined benefit plans, and as required under gaap, the company re-measured the defined benefit plans' assets and liabilities at the amendment date, based on assumptions and market conditions at that date. the company recognized a curtailment gain of $65 million in the first quarter of 2014, primarily resulting from the recognition of the remaining unamortized prior service credit related to a plan amendment made
in december 2012. this gain was mostly offset by the cost of a transition benefit to certain employees most impacted by the amendment.
effective august 1, 2015, the company amended its ireland defined benefit pension plans to close those plans to future benefit accruals and replaced those plans with a defined contribution arrangement. the company re-measured the assets and liabilities of the plans, based on assumptions and market conditions on the amendment date.
changes in funded status and expense the year-over-year change in the funded status of the company's pension plans is impacted by the difference between actual and assumed results, particularly with regard to return on assets, and changes in the discount rate, as well as the amount of company contributions, if any. unrecognized actuarial losses were approximately $1.7 billion and $3.1 billion at december 31, 2016 for the u.s. plans and non-u.s. plans, respectively, compared with $1.8 billion and $2.9 billion at december 31, 2015. the decrease in the u.s. was primarily due to the modification of the u.s. plans mentioned above. the increase in the non-u.s. plans was primarily due to the impact of decreases in the discount rates partly offset by actual returns on plan assets in 2016 that were higher than the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets. in the past several years, the amount of actuarial losses has been significantly impacted, both positively and negatively, by actual asset performance and changes in discount rates. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities decreased in both the u.s. and the u.k. (the company's largest plans) in 2016 after increasing in 2015. the increase in 2015 followed a decrease in 2014. an increase in the discount rate decreases the measured plan benefit obligation, resulting in actuarial gains, while a decrease in the discount rate increases the measured plan obligation, resulting in actuarial losses. during 2016, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had actual returns of 9.8% and 22.1% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively. during 2015, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had a loss of 3.9% in the u.s. and gain of 1.2% in the u.k. during 2014, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had actual returns of 9.8% and 19.4% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively.
overall, based on the measurement at december 31, 2016, expenses related to the company's defined benefit pension plans are expected to decrease in 2017 by approximately $120 million from 2016. this is driven by expense decreases in u.s. plans resulting from the modification of those plans which discontinued further benefit accruals for participants after december 31, 2016, as mentioned above. this decrease will be partially offset by an increase in defined contribution expense due to the additional automatic company contribution also mentioned above. the impact of the reduction in expense from the modification of the u.s. plans offset by the additional expense from the additional company contributions to the defined contribution plan is expected to result in a net expense reduction of approximately $30 million, net of bonus. pension expenses in the company's non-u.s. defined benefit plans are expected to increase approximately $5 million from 2016.
historically, service and interest costs were estimated using a single weighted average discount rate derived from the yield curves used to measure the benefit obligations at the beginning of the period. in 2016, the company changed the approach used to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for its significant non-u.s. plans. this change in approach was made to improve the correlation between the projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. the change did not impact the measurement of the plans' total projected benefit obligation. the company accounted for this change as a change in estimate, that was applied prospectively beginning in 2016 and resulted in pension expense being approximately $45 million lower than if the prior approach had been used.
the company's accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed below under management's discussion of critical accounting policies. for additional information regarding the company's retirement plans, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
in march 2015, the company amended the rra, resulting in its termination, with benefits to certain participants to be paid through december 31, 2016. as a result of the termination of the rra plan, the company recognized a net credit of approximately $125 million in the first quarter of 2015.
the company has established a short-term debt financing program of up to $1.5 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper are used for general corporate purposes. the company had $50 million of commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2016 at an effective interest rate of 1%.
in march 2016, the company issued $350 million of 3.30% seven-year senior notes. in september 2015, the company issued $600 million of 3.75% 10.5-year senior notes, and in march 2015, the company issued $500 million of 2.35% five-year senior notes. the company used the net proceeds from these issuances for general corporate purposes.
in september 2014, the company issued $300 million of 2.35% five-year senior notes and $500 million of 3.50% 10.5-year senior notes. in october 2014, a significant portion of the net proceeds of this offering was used to redeem $630 million of debt, including $230 million of 5.75% senior notes due in september 2015 and $400 million of 9.25% senior notes due in 2019. total cash outflow related to this transaction was approximately $765 million, including a $137 million cost for early redemption, which was reflected as a charge in the consolidated statements of income in the fourth quarter of 2014.
during the second quarter of 2014, the company issued $600 million of 3.5% ten-year senior notes. the net proceeds of this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of $320 million of 5.375% senior notes that matured in july 2014.
in january 2017, the company issued $500 million of 2.75% senior notes due in 2022 and $500 million of 4.35% senior notes due in 2047. the company intends to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of a $250 million debt maturity in april 2017.
credit facilities the company and certain of its subsidiaries maintain a $1.5 billion multi-currency five-year unsecured revolving credit facility. the interest rate on this facility is based on libor plus a fixed margin which varies with the company's credit ratings. this facility expires in november 2020 and requires the company to maintain certain coverage and leverage ratios which are tested quarterly. there were no borrowings outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2016.
the company also maintains other credit facilities, guarantees and letters of credit with various banks, aggregating $376 million at december 31, 2016 and $379 million at december 31, 2015. there were $1.6 million of outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2016 and $0.4 million of outstanding borrowings under these facilities at december 31, 2015.
the company's senior debt is currently rated a- by standard & poor's and baa1 by moody's. the company's short-term debt is currently rated a-2 by standard & poor's and p-2 by moody's. the company carries a stable outlook from both firms.
share repurchases during 2016, the company repurchased 12.7 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $800 million at an average price per share of $63.18. in november 2016, the board of directors authorized an increase in the company's share repurchase program, which supersedes any prior authorization, allowing management to buy back up to $2.5 billion of the company's common stock going forward. as of december 31, 2016, the company remained authorized to purchase additional shares of its common stock up to a value of approximately $2.4 billion. there is no time limit on this authorization.
during 2015, the company repurchased 24.8 million shares of its common stock for total consideration of $1.4 billion at an average price per share of $56.46.
dividends the company paid total dividends of $682 million in 2016 ($1.30 per share), $632 million in 2015 ($1.18 per share) and $582 million in 2014 ($1.06 per share).
contingent payments related to acquisitions during 2016, the company paid $86 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior years. these payments are split between financing and operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. payments of $44 million related to the contingent consideration liability that was recorded on the date of acquisition are reflected as financing cash flows. payments related to increases in the contingent consideration liability subsequent to the date of acquisition of $42 million are reflected as operating cash flows. remaining estimated future contingent consideration payments of $241 million for acquisitions completed in 2016 and in prior years are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2016. the company paid deferred purchase consideration related to prior years' acquisitions of $54 million, $36 million and $25 million in the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. remaining deferred cash payments of approximately $113 million are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2016.
in 2015, the company paid $47 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods, of which $13 million was reported as financing cash flows and $34 million as operating cash flows. in 2014, the company made $42 million of contingent payments related to acquisitions made in prior periods, of which $30 million was reported as financing cash flows and $12 million as operating cash flows.
the company paid $813 million and $952 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions it made during 2016 and 2015, respectively.
on february 24, 2015, mercer purchased shares of common stock of benefitfocus (nasdaq:bnft) constituting approximately 9.9% of bnft's outstanding capital stock as of the acquisition date. the purchase price for the bnft shares and certain other rights and other consideration was approximately $75 million. in 2015, the company elected to account for this investment under the cost method of accounting as the shares purchased were categorized as restricted. effective december 31, 2016, these shares are no longer considered restricted for the purpose of determining if they are marketable securities under gaap, and are accounted for as available for sale securities and included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
on june 23, 2014, mercer acquired 34% of the common shares of south africa-based alexander forbes group holdings limited ("alexander forbes"). mercer purchased its stake in alexander forbes in two tranches at 7.50 south african rand per share at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $300 million. the investment in alexander forbes is accounted for using the equity method and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
the company's additions to fixed assets and capitalized software, which amounted to $253 million in 2016 and $325 million in 2015, primarily relate to computer equipment purchases, the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities and software development costs.
the company has commitments for potential future investments of approximately $45 million in four private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies.
commitments and obligations the following sets forth the company's future contractual obligations by the types identified in the table below as of december 31, 2016:
payment due by period contractual obligations(in millions of dollars)       total              within1 year              1-3years              4-5years              after 5years commercial paper                                        $50                       $50                    $-                    $-                        $-
current portion of long-term debt                       262                       262                     -                     -                         -
net operating leases                                  2,173                       326                   564                   424                       859
service agreements                                      351                       225                   115                    10                         1
the above includes the senior notes issued in january 2017. the above does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $65 million as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities, other than approximately $2 million that may become payable during 2017. the above does not include net pension liabilities of approximately $1.9 billion because the timing and amount of ultimate payment of such liability is dependent upon future events, including, but not limited to, future returns on plan assets and changes in the discount rate used to measure the liabilities. the amounts of estimated future benefits payments to be made from pension plan assets are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. in 2017, the company expects to contribute approximately $32 million and $224 million to its u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, respectively.
management's discussion of critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to understanding the company's financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, and requires management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may differ from those estimates.
legal and other loss contingencies the company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for errors and omissions ("e&o"). gaap requires that a liability be recorded when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. significant management judgment is required to apply this guidance. the company utilizes case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis by oliver wyman group, a subsidiary of the company, and other analyses to estimate potential losses. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the unpredictability of e&o claims and of litigation that could flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses, results of operations, financial condition or cash flow in a given quarterly or annual period.
in addition, to the extent that insurance coverage is available, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of recoveries that are probable of collection under the company's various insurance programs.
retirement benefits the company maintains qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for its eligible u.s. employees and a variety of defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its eligible non-u.s. employees. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement
the company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net periodic costs are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), net of tax, in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the gains and losses that exceed specified corridors are amortized prospectively out of aoci over a period that approximates the remaining life expectancy of participants in plans where substantially all participants are inactive or the average remaining service period of active participants for plans with active participants.
the determination of net periodic pension cost is based on a number of assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, mortality and assumed rate of salary increase. the assumptions used in the calculation of net periodic pension costs and pension liabilities are disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. the assumptions for expected rate of return on plan assets and the discount rate are discussed in more detail below.
the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined for each plan based on the facts and circumstances that exist as of the measurement date, and the specific portfolio mix of each plan's assets. the company utilizes a model developed by mercer, a subsidiary of the company, to assist in the determination of this assumption. the model takes into account several factors, including: actual and target portfolio allocation; investment, administrative and trading expenses incurred directly by the plan trust; historical portfolio performance; relevant forward-looking economic analysis; and expected returns, variances and correlations for different asset classes. these measures are used to determine probabilities using standard statistical techniques to calculate a range of expected returns on the portfolio.
the target asset allocation for the u.s. plans is 64% equities and equity alternatives and 36% fixed income. at the end of 2016, the actual allocation for the u.s. plans was 65% equities and equity alternatives and 35% fixed income. the target asset allocation for the u.k. plans, which comprise approximately 81% of non-u.s. plan assets, is 48% equities and equity alternatives and 52% fixed income. at the end of 2016, the actual allocation for the u.k. plans was 48% equities and equity alternatives and 52% fixed income.
the table below shows the weighted average assumed rate of return and the discount rate at the december 31, 2016 measurement date (for measuring pension expense in 2017) for the total company, the u.s. and the rest of world ("row").
total company           u.s.           row assumed rate of return on plan assets     6.64   %           7.95    %      6.07   %
holding all other assumptions constant, a half-percentage point change in the rate of return on plan assets and discount rate assumptions would affect net periodic pension cost for the u.s. and u.k. plans, which together comprise approximately 86% of total pension plan liabilities, as follows:
(in millions of dollars)                u.s.                        u.k.                        u.s.                        u.k.
assumed rate of return on plan assets   $(23          )             $(36          )              $23                         $36
the impact of discount rate changes shown above relates to the increase or decrease in actuarial gains or losses being amortized through net periodic pension cost, as well as the increase or decrease in interest expense, with all other facts and assumptions held constant. it does not contemplate nor include potential future impacts a change in the interest rate environment and discount rates might cause, such
as the impact on the market value of the plans' assets. changing the discount rate and leaving the other assumptions constant also may not be representative of the impact on expense, because the long-term rates of inflation and salary increases are often correlated with the discount rate. changes in these assumptions will not necessarily have a linear impact on the net periodic pension cost.
the company contributes to certain health care and life insurance benefits provided to its retired employees. the cost of these post-retirement benefits for employees in the u.s. is accrued during the period up to the date employees are eligible to retire, but is funded by the company as incurred. the key assumptions and sensitivity to changes in the assumed health care cost trend rate are discussed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes the company's tax rate reflects its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant judgment is required in determining the annual effective tax rate and in evaluating uncertain tax positions. the company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. the first step involves recognition. the company determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on only the technical merits of the position. the technical merits of a tax position derive from both statutory and judicial authority (legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings, and case law) and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the benefit of that position is not recognized in the financial statements. the second step is measurement. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority.
uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period and involve significant management judgment. subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, derecognition, and measurement. adjustments may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities, or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
certain items are included in the company's tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. as a result, the annual tax expense reflected in the consolidated statements of income is different than that reported in the tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in the returns, and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are measured at existing tax rates. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements. in assessing the need for and amount of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, the company considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjusts the valuation allowance accordingly. the company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income by jurisdiction, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. the company also considers tax planning strategies that would result in realization of deferred tax assets, and the presence of taxable income in prior period tax filings in jurisdictions that allow for the carryback of tax attributes pursuant to the applicable tax law. the underlying assumptions the company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the company's recent performance. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is estimated that it is more likely than not that future taxable income will be insufficient to fully use a deduction or credit in that jurisdiction.
fair value determinations goodwill impairment testing-the company is required to assess goodwill and any indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the company performs the annual impairment test for each of its reporting units during the third quarter of each year. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the company assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. the company considered numerous factors, which included that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by a substantial margin in its most recent estimate of reporting unit fair values, whether significant acquisitions or dispositions occurred which might alter the fair value of its reporting units, macroeconomic conditions and their potential impact on reporting unit fair values, actual performance compared with budget and prior projections used in its estimation of reporting unit fair values, industry and market conditions, and the year-over-year change in the company's share price.
the company completed its qualitative assessment in the third quarter of 2016 and concluded that a two-step goodwill impairment test was not required in 2016 and that goodwill was not impaired.
share-based payment the guidance for accounting for share-based payments requires, among other things, that the estimated fair value of stock options be charged to earnings. significant management judgment is required to determine the appropriate assumptions for inputs such as volatility and expected term necessary to estimate option values. in addition, management judgment is required to analyze the terms of the plans and awards granted thereunder to determine if awards will be treated as equity awards or liability awards, as defined by the accounting guidance.
as of december 31, 2016, there was $14.4 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock option awards. the weighted-average period over which the costs are expected to be recognized is 1.42 years. also as of december 31, 2016, there was $127.2 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the company's restricted stock, restricted stock unit and performance stock unit awards. the weighted-average period over which that cost is expected to be recognized is approximately 1.05 years.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding accounting for share-based payments.
new accounting pronouncements note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the company's significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact or potential future impact on the company's financial results, if determinable, under the sub-heading "new accounting pronouncements".