item 1a. risk factors our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities. these risks relate to our consolidated company as well as our investments in unconsolidated entities and include among others, (i) general risks; (ii) risks related to our business; (iii) risks related to financing and capital and (iv) income tax risks.
general risks as a global company, we are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries.
we conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the u.s. during 2016, we generated approximately $453 million or 17.9% of our revenues from operations outside the u.s. circumstances and developments related to international and u.s. operations that could negatively affect us include, but are not limited to, the following factors:
•   difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions, including differing employment practices and labor issues;
•   local businesses and cultural factors that differ from our usual standards and practices;
•   volatility in currencies and currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the u.s.;
•   challenges in establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate operations in different regions and to monitor compliance with applicable regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom ("u.k.") bribery act and other similar laws;
•   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, tax, tariffs and other laws within the u.s. or other countries in which we operate;
•   the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;
•   the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including instability in, or further withdrawals from, the european union or other international trade alliances or agreements;
•   political instability, uncertainty over property rights, civil unrest, drug trafficking, political activism or the continuation or escalation of terrorist or gang activities;
•   access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or at all in certain locations.
in addition, we may be impacted by the ability of our non-u.s. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, due to currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other factors.
disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
to the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may anticipate utilizing; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance any outstanding debt when due; and (iv) the ability of our customers to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect our ability to make distributions and payments to our security holders and the market price of our securities.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks.
despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal and hosted information technology systems, our systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication failures and cyber security attacks, such as computer viruses or unauthorized access. any system failure or accident that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption to our business. we may also incur additional costs to remedy damages caused by such disruptions. any compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, unauthorized access to information of ours and others, significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, loss or misuse of the information and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business.
risks associated with our dependence on key personnel.
we depend on the deep industry knowledge and the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. from time to time, our personnel and their roles may change. while we believe that we are able to retain our key talent and find suitable employees to meet our personnel needs, the loss of key personnel, any change in their roles or the limitation of their availability could adversely affect our business. if we are unable to continue to attract and retain our executive officers, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain key employees become more expensive, our performance and competitive position could be materially adversely affected.
our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting.
the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. while management continually reviews the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time. deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting that may occur in the future could result in misstatements or restatements of our financial statements or a decline in the price of our securities.
the depreciation in the value of the foreign currency in countries where we have a significant investment may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
we pursue growth opportunities in international markets where the u.s. dollar is not the functional currency. at december 31, 2016, approximately $6.6 billion or 22.0% of our total consolidated assets are invested in a currency other than the u.s. dollar, primarily the british pound sterling, canadian dollar, euro and japanese yen. as a result, we are subject to foreign currency risk due to potential fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar. a significant change in the value of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our business and, in particular, our u.s. dollar reported financial position and results of operations and debt covenant ratios. although we attempt to mitigate adverse effects by borrowing under debt agreements denominated in foreign currencies and using derivative contracts, there can be no assurance that those attempts to mitigate foreign currency risk will be successful.
our hedging of foreign currency and interest rate risk may not effectively limit our exposure to other risks.
hedging arrangements involve risks, such as the risk of fluctuation in the relative value of the foreign currency or interest rates and the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. the funds required to settle such arrangements could be significant depending on the stability and movement of the hedged foreign currency or the size of the underlying financing and the applicable interest rates at the time of the breakage. the failure to hedge effectively against foreign exchange changes or interest rate changes may adversely affect our business.
we are required to comply with many regulations in different countries, including (but not limited to) the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k bribery act and similar laws and regulations. our properties are also subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as the americans with disabilities act and state and local fire and life-safety requirements. noncompliance could result in the imposition of governmental fines or the award of damages to private litigants. while we believe that we are currently in material compliance with these regulatory requirements, the requirements may change or new requirements may be imposed that could require significant unanticipated expenditures by us. if we are required to make unanticipated expenditures to comply with these regulations, we may be adversely affected.
risks related to our business real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of assets, which may reduce economic returns to investors.
real estate investments are not as liquid as certain other types of investments and this lack of liquidity may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as secured mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. as a reit, under the internal revenue code, we are only able to hold property for sale in the ordinary course of business through taxable reit subsidiaries in order to not incur punitive taxation on any tax gain from the sale of such property. we may dispose of certain properties that have been held for investment to generate liquidity. if we do not satisfy certain safe harbors or we believe there is too much risk of incurring the punitive tax on any tax gain from the sale, we may not pursue such sales.
we may decide to sell properties to certain of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties to generate proceeds to fund our capital deployment activities. our ability to sell properties on advantageous terms is affected by: (i) competition from other owners of properties that are trying to dispose of their properties; (ii) market conditions, including the capitalization rates applicable to our properties; and (iii) other factors beyond our control. if our competitors sell assets similar to assets we intend to divest in the same markets or at valuations below our valuations for comparable assets, we may be unable to divest our assets at favorable pricing or at all. the unconsolidated co-investment ventures or third parties who might acquire our properties may need to have access to debt and equity capital, in the private and public markets, in order to acquire properties from us. should they have limited or no access to capital on favorable terms, then dispositions could be delayed.
if we do not have sufficient cash available to us through our operations, sales or contributions of properties or available credit facilities to continue operating our business as usual, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. such alternatives may include, without limitation, divesting ourselves of properties, whether or not they otherwise meet our strategic objectives to keep in the long term, at less than optimal terms, incurring debt, entering into leases with new customers at lower rental rates or less than optimal terms or entering into lease renewals with our existing customers without an increase in rental rates. there can be no assurance, however, that such alternative ways to increase our liquidity will be available to us. additionally, taking such measures to increase our liquidity may adversely affect our business, and in particular, our distributable cash flow and debt covenants.
our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector and our business would be adversely affected by an economic downturn in that sector.
our investments in real estate assets are concentrated in the logistics sector. this concentration may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in this sector to a greater extent than if our business activities were more diversified.
general economic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated, may impact financial results.
we are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties.
at december 31, 2016, approximately 33.0% of our consolidated operating properties or $8.0 billion (based on consolidated gross book value, or investment before depreciation) are located in california, which represented 26.3% of the aggregate square footage of our operating properties and 33.7% of our noi. our revenues from, and the value of, our properties located in california may be affected by local real estate conditions (such as an oversupply of or reduced demand for logistics properties) and the local economic climate. business layoffs, downsizing, industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors may adversely impact california's economic climate. because of the number of properties, we have located in california, a downturn in california's economy or real estate conditions could adversely affect our business.
in addition to california, we also have significant holdings (defined as more than 3.0% of total consolidated investment before depreciation) in operating properties in certain markets located in central and eastern pennsylvania, chicago, dallas/fort worth, new jersey/new york city, seattle and south florida. our operating performance could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any of the markets in which we have a concentration of properties. conditions such as an oversupply of logistics space or a reduction in demand for logistics space, among other factors, may impact operating conditions. any material oversupply of logistics space or material reduction in demand for logistics space could adversely affect our overall business.
in addition, our owned and managed portfolio, including the unconsolidated co-investment ventures in which we invest, has concentrations of properties in the same markets mentioned above, as well as in markets in france, germany, japan and the u.k., and are subject to the economic conditions in those markets.
a number of our investments, both wholly-owned and owned through co-investment ventures, are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity. u.s. properties located in active seismic areas include properties in the san francisco bay area, los angeles, and seattle. international properties located in active seismic areas include japan and mexico. we generally carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas historically subject to seismic activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. we evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants and in some specific instances have elected to self-insure our earthquake exposure based on this analysis. we have elected not to carry earthquake insurance for our assets in japan based on this analysis.
furthermore, a number of our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to hurricane or flood risk. we carry hurricane and flood hazard insurance on all of our properties located in areas historically subject to such activity, subject to coverage limitations and deductibles, if we believe it is commercially reasonable. we evaluate our insurance coverage annually in light of current industry practice through an analysis prepared by outside consultants.
investments in real estate properties are subject to risks that could adversely affect our business.
investments in real estate properties are subject to varying degrees of risk. while we seek to minimize these risks through geographic diversification of our portfolio, market research and our asset management capabilities, these risks cannot be eliminated. factors that may affect real estate values and cash flows include:
•   local conditions, such as oversupply or a reduction in demand;
•   technological changes, such as reconfiguration of supply chains, autonomous vehicles, robotics, 3d printing or other technologies;
•   the attractiveness of our properties to potential customers and competition from other available properties;
•   increasing costs of maintaining, insuring, renovating and making improvements to our properties;
•   our ability to rehabilitate and reposition our properties due to changes in the business and logistics needs of our customers;
•   our ability to control rents and variable operating costs; and
•   governmental regulations and the associated potential liability under, and changes in, environmental, zoning, usage, tax, tariffs and other laws.
our operating results and distributable cash flow would be adversely affected if a significant number of our customers were unable to meet their lease obligations. we are also subject to the risk that, upon the expiration of leases for space located in our properties, leases may not be renewed by existing customers, the space may not be re-leased to new customers or the terms of renewal or re-leasing (including the cost of required renovations or concessions to customers) may be less favorable to us than current lease terms. our competitors may offer space at rental rates below current market rates or below the rental rates we currently charge our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain customers when our customers' leases expire. in the event of default by a significant number of customers, we may experience delays and incur substantial costs in enforcing our rights as landlord, and we may be unable to re-lease spaces. a customer may experience a downturn in its business, which may cause the loss of the customer or may weaken its financial condition, resulting in the customer's failure to make rental payments when due or requiring a restructuring that might reduce cash flow from the lease. in addition, a customer may seek the protection of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws, which could result in the rejection and termination of such customer's lease and thereby cause a reduction in our available cash flow.
we may acquire properties, which involves risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we have acquired properties and will continue to acquire properties, both through the direct acquisition of real estate and through the acquisition of entities that own the real estate and through additional investments in co-investment ventures that acquire properties. the acquisition of properties involves risks, including the risk that the acquired property will not perform as anticipated and that any actual costs for rehabilitation, repositioning, renovation and improvements identified in the pre-acquisition due diligence process will exceed estimates. when we acquire properties, we may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local government and permitting procedures. additionally, there is, and it is expected there will continue to be, significant competition for properties that meet our investment criteria as well as risks associated with obtaining financing for acquisition activities. the acquired properties or entities may be subject to liabilities, which may be without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. as a result, if a liability were asserted against us based on ownership of any of these entities or properties, then we may have to pay substantial sums to settle it.
our real estate development strategies may not be successful.
our real estate development strategy is focused on monetizing land in the future through development of logistics facilities to hold for long-term investment, contribution or sale to a co-investment venture or third party, depending on market conditions, our liquidity needs and other factors. we may increase our investment in the development, renovation and redevelopment business and we expect to complete the build-out and leasing of our current development portfolio. we may also develop, renovate and redevelop properties within existing or newly formed co-investment ventures. the real estate development, renovation and redevelopment business includes the following significant risks:
•   we may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms or at all;
•   we may explore development opportunities that may be abandoned and the related investment impaired;
•   we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations;
•   we may have construction costs, total investment amounts and our share of remaining funding that exceed our estimates and projects may not be completed, delivered or stabilized as planned due to defects or other issues;
•   we may not be able to attract third-party investment in new development co-investment ventures or sufficient customer demand for our product;
•   we may have properties that perform below anticipated levels, producing cash flow below budgeted amounts;
•   we may seek to sell certain land parcels and not be able to find a third party to acquire such land or the sales price will not allow us to recover our investment, resulting in impairment charges;
•   we may not be able to lease properties we develop on favorable terms or at all;
•   we may not be able to capture the anticipated enhanced value created by our value-added properties on expected timetables or at all;
•   we may experience delays (temporary or permanent) if there is public or government opposition to our activities; and
•   we may have substantial renovation, new development and redevelopment activities, regardless of their ultimate success, that require a significant amount of management's time and attention, diverting their attention from our day-to-day operations.
we are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures, investing in new or existing co-investment ventures, attracting third-party investment and investing in and managing properties through co-investment ventures.
at december 31, 2016, we had investments in real estate containing approximately 403 million square feet held through co-investment ventures, both public and private. our organizational documents do not limit the amount of available funds that we may invest in these ventures, and we may and currently intend to develop and acquire properties through co-investment ventures and investments in other entities when warranted by the circumstances. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to form new co-investment ventures, or attract third-party investment or that additional investments in new or existing ventures to develop or acquire properties will be successful. further, there can be no assurance that we are able to realize value from such investments.
our co-investment ventures involve certain additional risks that we do not otherwise face, including:
•   our partners may share certain approval rights over major decisions made on behalf of the ventures;
•   if our partners fail to fund their share of any required capital contributions, then we may choose to contribute such capital;
•   our partners might have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals that would affect our ability to operate the property;
•   the venture or other governing agreements often restrict the transfer of an interest in the co-investment venture or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire or on advantageous terms;
•   our relationships with our partners are generally contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements, and in such event, we may not continue to manage or invest in the assets underlying such relationships resulting in reduced fee revenues or causing a need to purchase such interest to continue ownership; and
•   disputes between us and our partners may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on our business and result in subjecting the properties owned by the applicable co-investment venture to additional risk.
we generally seek to maintain sufficient influence over our co-investment ventures to permit us to achieve our business objectives; however, we may not be able to continue to do so indefinitely. we have formed publicly traded investment vehicles, such as npr and fibra prologis, for which we serve as sponsor or manager. we have contributed, and may continue to contribute, assets into such vehicles. there is a risk that our managerial relationship may be terminated.
we are exposed to various environmental risks, including the potential impacts of future climate change, which may result in unanticipated losses that could affect our business and financial condition.
under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner, developer or operator of real estate may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances. the costs of removal or remediation of such substances could be substantial. such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator
knew of, or was responsible for, the release or presence of such hazardous substances. in addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based on personal injury, property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination.
environmental laws in some countries, including the u.s., also require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. these laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. some of our properties are known to contain asbestos-containing building materials.
in addition, some of our properties are leased or have been leased, in part, to owners and operators of businesses that use, store or otherwise handle petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, creating a potential for the release of such hazardous or toxic substances. furthermore, certain of our properties are on, adjacent to or near other properties that have contained or currently contain petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances, or upon which others have engaged, are engaged or may engage in activities that may release such hazardous or toxic substances. from time to time, we may acquire properties, or interests in properties, with known adverse environmental conditions for which we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield a superior risk-adjusted return. in connection with certain divested properties, we have agreed to remain responsible for, and to bear the cost of, remediating or monitoring certain environmental conditions on the properties.
we are also exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. our logistics facilities may be exposed to rare catastrophic weather events, such as severe storms or floods. if the frequency of extreme weather events increases due to climate change, our exposure to these events could increase. we do not currently consider ourselves to be exposed to regulatory risks related to climate change, as our operations generally do not emit a significant amount of greenhouse gases. however, we may be adversely impacted as a real estate developer in the future by potential impacts to the supply chain or stricter energy efficiency standards for buildings. we cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. the presence of such substances on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties or to borrow using such properties as collateral, and this may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, and in particular, our distributable cash flow.
we and our unconsolidated co-investment ventures carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance resulting from certain perils such as fire and additional perils as covered under an extended coverage policy, namely windstorm, flood, earthquake and terrorism; commercial general liability insurance; and environmental insurance, as appropriate for the markets where each of our properties and business operations are located. the insurance coverage contains policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties, business activities and markets. we believe our properties and the properties of our unconsolidated co-investment ventures are adequately insured. certain losses, however, including losses from floods, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, generally are not insured against or generally are not fully insured against because it is not deemed economically feasible or prudent to do so. if an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occurs with respect to one or more of our properties, we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and future revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the property.
furthermore, we cannot be sure that the insurance companies will be able to continue to offer products with sufficient coverage at commercially reasonable rates. if we experience a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds insured limits with respect to one or more of our properties or if the insurance companies fail to meet their coverage commitments to us in the event of an insured loss, then we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenues from those properties and, if there is recourse debt, then we would remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the properties. any such losses or higher insurance costs could adversely affect our business.
risks related to financing and capital we may be unable to refinance our debt or our cash flow may be insufficient to make required debt payments.
we are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest. there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness, that such refinancing would be on terms as favorable as the terms of the maturing indebtedness, or that we will be able to otherwise obtain funds by selling assets or raising equity to make required payments on maturing indebtedness. if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or meet our payment obligations, our business and financial condition will be negatively impacted and, if the maturing debt is secured, the lender may foreclose on the property securing such indebtedness. our credit facilities and certain other debt bears interest at variable rates. increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense under these agreements.
covenants in our credit agreements could limit our flexibility and breaches of these covenants could adversely affect our financial condition.
the terms of our various credit agreements, including our credit facilities, the indentures under which our senior notes are issued and other note agreements, require us to comply with a number of customary financial covenants, such as maintaining debt service
coverage, leverage ratios, fixed charge ratios and other operating covenants including maintaining insurance coverage. these covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business, and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness. if we default under the covenant provisions and are unable to cure the default, refinance the indebtedness or meet payment obligations, our business and financial condition generally and, in particular, the amount of our distributable cash flow could be adversely affected.
adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively affect our financing activity.
the credit ratings of our senior unsecured notes and preferred stock are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. our credit ratings can affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms and pricing of any debt we may incur. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event our credit ratings are downgraded, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and may encounter difficulty in obtaining additional financing. also, a downgrade in our credit ratings may trigger additional payments or other negative consequences under our credit facilities and other debt instruments. adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our business and, in particular, our refinancing and other capital market activities, our ability to manage debt maturities, our future growth and our development and acquisition activity.
at december 31, 2016, our credit ratings were a3 from moody's and a- from s&p, both with stable outlook. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
we depend on external sources of capital.
to qualify as a reit, we are required each year to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and by excluding any net capital gain) to our stockholders and we may be subject to tax to the extent our taxable income is not fully distributed. historically, we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, but we may choose to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, our own stock. for distributions with respect to taxable years that ended on or before december 31, 2016, and in some cases declared as late as december 31, 2016, a reit can satisfy up to 90% of the distribution requirements discussed above through the distribution of shares of our stock if certain conditions are met. assuming we continue to satisfy these distribution requirements with cash, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs, including acquisition and development activities, from cash retained from operations and may have to rely on third-party sources of capital. furthermore, to maintain our reit status and not have to pay federal income and excise taxes, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the reit distribution requirements even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. these short-term borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments. our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions and the market price of our securities.
our stockholders may experience dilution if we issue additional common stock or units in the operating partnership.
any additional future issuance of common stock or operating partnership units will reduce the percentage of our common stock and units owned by investors. in most circumstances, stockholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional common stock or units. in addition, depending on the terms and pricing of any additional offering of our common stock or units and the value of the properties, our stockholders and unitholders may experience dilution in both book value and fair value of their common stock or units.
income tax risks the failure of prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit would have serious adverse consequences.
prologis, inc. elected to be taxed as a reit under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code commencing with the taxable year ended december 31, 1997. we believe we have operated prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit under the internal revenue code and believe that the current organization and method of operation comply with the rules and regulations promulgated under the internal revenue code to enable prologis, inc. to continue to qualify as a reit. however, it is possible that we are organized or have operated in a manner that would not allow prologis, inc. to qualify as a reit, or that our future operations could cause prologis, inc. to fail to qualify. qualification as a reit requires us to satisfy numerous requirements (some annually and others on a quarterly basis) established under highly technical and complex sections of the internal revenue code for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, and involves the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. for example, to qualify as a reit, prologis, inc. must derive at least 95% of its gross income in any year from qualifying sources. in addition, prologis, inc. must pay dividends to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and by excluding capital gains) and must satisfy specified asset tests on a quarterly basis. the provisions of the internal revenue code and applicable treasury regulations regarding qualification as a reit are more complicated for prologis, inc. because we hold assets through the operating partnership.
if prologis, inc. fails to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, we will be required to pay federal income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on taxable income at regular corporate rates. unless we are entitled to relief under certain statutory provisions, prologis, inc. would be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the four taxable years following the year in which it lost the qualification. if prologis, inc. lost its reit status, our net earnings would be significantly reduced for each of the years involved.
furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary reits that elected to be taxed as reits under sections 856 through 860 of the internal revenue code. provided that each subsidiary reit qualifies as a reit, our interest in such subsidiary reit will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the reit asset tests, and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary reit will generally be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the reit gross income tests. to qualify as a reit, the subsidiary reit must independently satisfy all of the reit qualification requirements. if such subsidiary reit were to fail to qualify as a reit, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be treated as a regular taxable corporation and its income would be subject to u.s. federal income tax. in addition, a failure of the subsidiary reit to qualify as a reit would have an adverse effect on the ability of prologis, inc. to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus its ability to qualify as a reit.
from time to time, we may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties, including by contributing properties to our co-investment ventures. under the internal revenue code, any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax. we do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property or our contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. however, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question of fact that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. the internal revenue service may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties into our co-investment ventures are prohibited transactions. while we believe that the internal revenue service would not prevail in any such dispute, if the internal revenue service were to argue successfully that a transfer, disposition or contribution of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction. in addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a reit.
in recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the u.s. and foreign income tax laws applicable to investments in real estate, reits, similar entities and investments. additional changes are likely to continue to occur in the future, both in and outside of the u.s. and may impact our taxation or that of our stockholders.
. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this report and the matters described under item 1a. risk factors.
management's overview we believe the quality and scale of our global operating portfolio, the expertise of our team and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. our plan to grow revenues, earnings, noi, cash flows and funds from operations is based on the following:
•   rent growth. we expect market rents to continue to grow over the next few years, albeit at a more modest pace, which we believe will be driven by demand for the location and quality of our properties. because of the strong market rent growth in the last several years, even if market rents remain flat, our in-place leases have considerable room to rise back to market levels. we estimate that on an aggregate basis our leases are more than 10% below market, which when the lease is renewed, translates
into increased future earnings, noi and cash flow, both on a consolidated basis and through the amounts we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership. this is reflected in the positive rent change on rollovers (when comparing the net effective rent of the new lease to the prior lease for the same space) on our owned and managed operating portfolio that we have experienced every quarter beginning in 2013 and which we expect to continue for several more years.
•   value creation from development. we believe a successful development and redevelopment program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land. on the basis of our current estimates, our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of $8.4 billion of tei of logistics space. we believe the carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value going forward primarily through development. during 2016, in our owned and managed portfolio, we stabilized development projects with a tei of $2.5 billion. post stabilization, we estimate the value of these buildings to be 25.5% above their book value or the cost to develop (defined as estimated margin and calculated using estimated yield and capitalization rates from our underwriting models). in addition, these properties will generate an increase in noi as they are leased up and become occupied.
•   economies of scale from growth in assets under management. over the last several years, we have invested in a variety of technologies that have allowed us to achieve efficiencies and increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative ("g&amp;a") expenses. we have increased our owned and managed real estate assets by 85 million square feet (or approximately 16%) over the last two years primarily through acquisitions and integrated the assets with only minimal increases in overhead related to property management and leasing functions. we will continue to leverage these technologies in order to further streamline our operations and reduce our costs as a percentage of assets under management, along with advanced data analysis to enhance decision making.
summary of 2016
during the year ended december 31, 2016, operating fundamentals remained strong for our owned and managed portfolio and we ended the year with occupancy of 97.1%. see below for details of the operating and development activity of our owned and managed portfolio. during 2016, we completed the following activities as further described in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements:
•   we generated net proceeds of $3.0 billion from the contribution and disposition of real estate assets. we recorded net gains of $354 million from dispositions to third parties, primarily in the u.s., and $267 million from property contributions, principally in europe and japan.
•   we earned promotes from pep ii, ptelf and uslv aggregating $96 million, of which $89 million was recorded in strategic capital revenues, and $7 million was recorded in net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
•   we generated proceeds of $611 million and recorded gains of $136 million through the redemption of our investments in certain unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
•   we amended our global senior credit facility (the "global facility") and increased the total borrowing capacity to $3.0 billion and extended the maturity until april 2020. this facility, along with our japanese yen revolver, increased our total borrowing capacity, which was $3.3 billion at december 31, 2016.
•   we entered into an ¥120.0 billion ($1.0 billion at december 31, 2016) unsecured yen senior term loan agreement (the "yen term loan") and repaid our existing yen term loans. see liquidity and capital resources section below for details of this transaction.
in january 2017, we sold our investment in elv to our fund partner and elv contributed its properties to ptelf in exchange for equity interests.
results of operations we evaluate our business operations based on the noi of our two business reporting segments, real estate operations and strategic capital. noi by segment is a non-gaap financial measure that is calculated using revenues and expenses directly from our financial statements. we consider noi by segment to be an appropriate supplemental measure of our performance because it helps both management and investors to understand the core operations of our business.
below is a reconciliation of our noi by segment to operating income per the consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31 (in millions). each segment's noi is reconciled to a line item in the consolidated financial statements in the respective segment discussion below.
strategic capital segment - noi                     166                  102                  104
operating income                                   $668                 $380                 $320
see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our segments and a reconciliation of each reportable business segment's noi to operating income and earnings before income taxes.
real estate operations this operating segment principally includes rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses recognized from our consolidated properties. we allocate the costs of our property management functions to the real estate operations segment through rental expenses and the strategic capital segment through strategic capital expenses based on the size of the relative portfolios as compared to our total owned and managed portfolio. the operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate continue to improve, which has positively affected both the rental rates and occupancy and also has fueled development activity.
below are the components of real estate operations revenues, expenses and noi for the years ended december 31 (in millions), derived directly from line items in the consolidated financial statements.
development management and other revenues               17                   14                   13
real estate operations revenues, expenses and noi are impacted by capital deployment activities, occupancy and changes in rental rates. the following items highlight the key changes in noi for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
change in
rent rate and occupancy growth (2)                            89                          76
development activity (3)                                      39                          17
total change in real estate operations - noi                $279                        $289
(1)   the impact from acquisitions in 2016 from 2015 was primarily due to the acquisition of the real estate assets and operating platform of ktr capital partners and its affiliates ("ktr") in may 2015, which generated an additional $152 million of net revenues, including a decrease of $25 million acquisition costs in 2016.
the impact from acquisitions in 2015 from 2014 included the ktr transaction in 2015 and the consolidation of naif in 2014. ktr included an additional $176 million of net revenues, which was slightly offset by $25 million in acquisition costs.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we consolidated our co-investment venture naif, which increased noi $153 million in 2015 from 2014.
approximately 45% and 34% of ktr and naif activity, respectively, is offset in net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests attributable to our venture partner's share. see note 3 in the consolidated financial statements for further detail on the ktr transaction and naif consolidation.
(2)   rent rate growth is a combination of the turnover of existing leases and increases in rental rates from contractual rent increases on existing leases. if a lease has a contractual rent increase that is not known at the time the lease is signed, such as the consumer price index or a similar metric, the rent increase is not included in rent leveling and therefore, would impact the rental revenues we recognize. we have experienced an increase in rental rates on turnover of existing leases every quarter beginning in 2013 that has resulted in higher average rental rates in our portfolio and increased rental revenues and noi as those leases commenced.
(3)   we have had a steady increase in properties that have been completed and leased from 2014 to 2016.
(4)   other items increased noi in 2016, compared to 2015, such as additional property tax expense recoveries, a reduction of noncash adjustments for the amortization of above or below market leases and decreases in non-recoverable expenses.
below are key operating metrics of our consolidated operating portfolio for the years ended december 31:
strategic capital this operating segment includes revenues from asset management and other fees as well as promotes earned for services performed for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. revenues associated with the strategic capital segment fluctuate because of the size of co-investment ventures under management, the transactional activity in the ventures and the timing of promotes. these revenues are reduced generally by the direct costs associated with the asset management and property-level management for the properties owned by these ventures. we allocate the costs of our property management functions to the strategic capital segment through strategic capital expenses and to the real estate operations segment through rental expenses based on the size of the relative portfolios as compared to our total owned and managed portfolio.
below are the components of strategic capital revenues, expenses and noi for the years ended december 31, derived directly from the line items in the consolidated financial statements (in millions):
strategic capital revenues            $295                $210                $220
strategic capital expenses            (129   )            (108   )            (116   )
strategic capital - noi               $166                $102                $104
below is additional detail of our strategic capital revenues, expenses and noi for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
asset management and other fees                                        $33                $31                $41
strategic capital expenses (3)                                         (41   )            (41   )            (46   )
asset management and other fees                                         21                 20                 11
strategic capital expenses                                             (10   )             (9   )             (9   )
asset management and other fees                                         84                 71                 71
strategic capital expenses                                             (43   )            (27   )            (30   )
asset management and other fees                                         38                 32                 32
strategic capital expenses                                             (35   )            (31   )            (31   )
strategic capital - noi                                               $166               $102               $104
(1)   in 2014, we acquired a controlling interest in our co-investment venture naif. see notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on this venture.
(2)   the promotes represent the third parties' share based on the venture's cumulative returns to the investors over the last three years. approximately 40% of promote revenues are paid as a combination of cash and stock awards pursuant to the terms of the prologis promote plan and expensed through strategic capital expenses.
(3)   this includes compensation and personnel costs for employees who are located in the u.s. but also support other regions.
(4)   in 2014, we formed the co-investment venture fibra prologis. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on this venture.
number of ventures                         1                 1                 1
number of properties owned               369               391               392
number of ventures                         2                 2                 2
number of properties owned               213               205               198
number of ventures                         4                 4                 4
number of properties owned               700               688               636
number of ventures                         2                 2                 2
number of properties owned                85                66                52
number of ventures                         9                 9                 9
number of properties owned             1,367             1,350             1,278
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
g&a expenses g&a expenses increased $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the same time period in 2015, primarily due to increased compensation, including equity-based compensation awards. g&a expenses decreased $12 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same time period in 2014, primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling, euro and japanese yen.
we capitalize certain costs directly related to our development and leasing activities. capitalized g&a expenses included salaries and related costs, as well as other g&a costs. the following table summarizes capitalized g&a amounts for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
building and land development activities                                                          $61               $63               $56
operating building improvements and other                                                          16                16                13
total capitalized g&amp;a expenses                                                               $101              $100               $87
capitalized salaries and related costs as a percent of total salaries and related costs          26.0   %          27.6   %          23.9   %
depreciation and amortization expenses the following table highlights the key changes in depreciation and amortization expenses for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
change in
acquisition of properties (1)                                          $65                        $269
development properties placed into service                              22                          12
disposition and contribution of properties                             (45   )                     (56   )
total change in depreciation and amortization expenses                 $51                        $238
(1)   the increase in 2015 from 2014 included the ktr transaction and the consolidation of naif.
our owned and managed properties we manage our business on an owned and managed basis, which includes properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. we review our operating fundamentals on an owned and managed basis. we believe reviewing these fundamentals this way allows management to understand the entire impact to the financial statements, as it will affect both the real estate operations and strategic capital segments, as well as the net earnings we recognize from our unconsolidated co-investment ventures based on our ownership share. we do not control the unconsolidated co-investment ventures for purposes of gaap and the presentation of the ventures' operating information does not represent a legal claim to such items.
our owned and managed portfolio includes operating properties and does not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties and was as follows at december 31 (square feet in millions):
number of properties               square           percentage occupied          number of properties               square           percentage occupied          number of properties               square           percentage occupied feet                                                                             feet                                                                             feet consolidated                       1,777               332                          97.0   %                        1,872               334                          97.1   %                        1,605               282                          96.4   %
operating activity below is information summarizing the leasing activity of our owned and managed operating portfolio for the years ended december 31:
(1)   we retained at least 80% of our customers, based on the total square feet of leases signed, for each year during the three-year period ended december 31, 2016.
(2)   turnover costs represent the obligations incurred in connection with the signing of a lease, including leasing commissions and tenant improvements.
capital expenditures we capitalize costs incurred in developing, renovating, rehabilitating and improving our properties as part of the investment basis. the following table summarizes our capital expenditures on previously leased buildings within our owned and managed portfolio for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
total capital expenditures                                                      $402          $378          $346
our proportionate share of capital expenditures based on ownership (1)          $261          $257          $245
(1)   we calculated our proportionate share of capital expenditures by applying our ownership percentage of each co-investment venture on an entity-by-entity basis to the capital expenditures each period.
development start activity the following table summarizes development starts for the years ended december 31 (dollars and square feet in millions):
number of new development projects during the period           102                  96                  76
our proportionate share of tei (2)                          $1,809              $1,815              $1,792
percentage of build-to-suits based on tei                     35.6   %            43.6   %            32.6   %
(1)   we expect all of our properties under development at december 31, 2016, to be completed before july 2018.
(2)   we calculate our proportionate share of tei by applying our ownership percentage of each co-investment venture on an entity-by-entity basis to the tei of each period.
development stabilization activity the following table summarizes development stabilization activity for the years ended december 31 (dollars and square feet in millions):
number of development projects stabilized during the period               98                  81                  47
our proportionate share of tei (1)                                    $2,155              $1,640                $955
our proportionate share of estimated value at completion (1)          $2,726              $2,173              $1,191
(1)   we calculate our proportionate share of tei and estimated value by applying our ownership percentage of each co-investment venture on an entity-by-entity basis to the tei of each period.
for information on our development portfolio at december 31, 2016, see item 2. properties.
same store analysis we evaluate the operating performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of changes in the composition of the portfolio on performance measures. we include properties from our owned and managed portfolio in our same store analysis. we have defined the same store portfolio, for the three months ended december 31, 2016, as those properties that were in operation at january 1, 2015, and have been in operation throughout the same three-month periods in both 2016 and 2015 (including development properties that have been completed and available for lease). we have removed all properties that were disposed of to a third party or were classified as held for sale to a third party from the population for both periods. we believe the factors that affect rental revenues, rental expenses and noi in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for the total operating portfolio. to derive an appropriate
measure of period-to-period operating performance, we remove the effects of foreign currency exchange rate movements by using the recent period end exchange rate to translate from local currency into the u.s. dollar, for both periods.
same store is a commonly used measure in the real estate industry. our same store measures are non-gaap financial measures that are calculated beginning with rental revenues, rental recoveries and rental expenses from the financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. as our same store measures are non-gaap financial measures, they have certain limitations as analytical tools and may vary among real estate companies. as a result, we provide a reconciliation from our financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap to same store property noi with explanations of how these metrics are calculated.
the following is a reconciliation of our consolidated rental revenues, rental recoveries, rental expenses and property noi for the full year, as included in the consolidated statements of income and within note 20 to the consolidated financial statements, to the respective amounts in our same store portfolio analysis for the three months ended december 31 (dollars in millions):
2016                   2015                             percentage change rental revenues (1) (2)
rental revenues (per the quarterly information table above)                                $436                     $435
rental recoveries (per the quarterly information table above)                               124                      124
consolidated adjustments to derive same store results:
rental revenues and recoveries of properties not in the same store portfolio -             (168     )               (177     )
properties developed, acquired and sold to third parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                               (1     )                  -
rental expenses (per the quarterly information table above)                                $141                     $151
consolidated adjustments to derive same store results:
rental expenses of properties not in the same store portfolio - properties                  (46     )                (52     )
developed, acquired and sold to third parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                               14                        7
property noi (per the quarterly information table above)                                   $419                     $408
consolidated adjustments to derive same store results:
property noi of properties not in the same store portfolio - properties                    (122     )               (125     )
developed, acquired and sold to third parties during the period and land subject to ground leases effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other                              (15     )                 (7     )
(1)   we include 100% of the same store noi from the properties in our same store portfolio. during the periods presented, certain properties owned by us were contributed to a co-investment venture and are included in the same store portfolio. neither our consolidated results nor those of the co-investment ventures, when viewed individually, would be comparable on a same store
basis because of the changes in composition of the respective portfolios from period to period (e.g. the results of a contributed property are included in our consolidated results through the contribution date and in the results of the unconsolidated entities subsequent to the contribution date).
(2)   we exclude the net termination and renegotiation fees from our same store rental revenues to allow us to evaluate the growth or decline in each property's rental revenues without regard to items that are not indicative of the property's recurring operating performance. net termination and renegotiation fees represent the gross fee negotiated to allow a customer to terminate or renegotiate their lease, offset by the write-off of the asset recorded due to the adjustment to straight-line rents over the lease term. the adjustments to remove these items are included in "effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other" in this table.
(3)   rental expenses include the direct operating expenses of the property such as property taxes, insurance and utilities. in addition, we include an allocation of the property management expenses for our direct-owned properties based on the property management services provided to each property (generally, based on a percentage of revenues). on consolidation, these amounts are eliminated and the actual costs of providing property management services are recognized as part of our consolidated rental expenses. these expenses fluctuate based on the level of properties included in the same store portfolio and any adjustment is included as "effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and other" in this table.
other components of income (expense)
earnings from unconsolidated entities, net we recognized net earnings from unconsolidated entities that are accounted for using the equity method of $206 million, $159 million and $134 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the earnings we recognize can be impacted by: (i) variances in revenues and expenses of each venture; (ii) the size and occupancy rate of the portfolio of properties owned by each venture; (iii) gains or losses from the dispositions of properties; (iv) our ownership interest in each venture; and (v) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate our share of net earnings to u.s. dollars.
see the discussion of our co-investment ventures above in the strategic capital segment discussion and in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for a further breakdown of our share of net earnings recognized.
amortization of premium, net and debt issuance costs            (15   )            (32   )             (8   )
capitalized amounts                                             (65   )            (61   )            (61   )
gross interest expense decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, principally from lower outstanding debt balances and borrowing costs during the periods. our debt decreased by $1.0 billion from december 31, 2015, to december 31, 2016, primarily from the repayment of the senior term loan related to the ktr transaction with proceeds from contributions and dispositions. gross interest expense increased in 2015, compared with 2014, due to higher debt driven by the ktr transaction, offset somewhat by a decrease in interest rates and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for a further breakdown of gross interest expense, amortization and capitalized amounts included in net interest expense. see also the liquidity and capital resources section for further discussion of our debt and borrowing costs.
gains on dispositions of investments in real estate and revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest, net over the last three years, we have contributed properties, generally that we had developed, to our co-investment ventures in europe, japan and mexico, as included in the table below. we recognize a gain to the extent of the third party ownership in the venture acquiring the property. in 2014, our contribution activity included the properties that we contributed to fibra prologis upon its formation.
in addition, we have sold properties to third parties, generally from our operating portfolio in the u.s. these dispositions have supported our strategic objective of owning a portfolio of high-quality properties in the most active centers of commerce.
we utilize the proceeds from both contributions and dispositions to fund our capital investments.
the following table details our gains on dispositions of investments in real estate and revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest, net for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
contributions to unconsolidated co-investment ventures number of properties                                                                                      35            31           126
dispositions to third parties number of properties                                                                                     172           136           145
gains on redemptions of investments in co-investment ventures                                            136             -             -
gains on revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest, net (1)             -             -           201
total gains on dispositions of investments in real estate and revaluation of equity                     $757          $759          $726
investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest, net
(1)   in 2014, we acquired the equity units from all but one partner in our co-investment venture naif, resulting in the acquisition of a controlling interest. this resulted in us gaining control over naif and recording a gain on the revaluation of our equity investment. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on this transaction.
see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the gains we recognized.
gains on the settlement of unhedged derivative transactions                                  $3               $15                 $1
losses on the settlement of transactions with third parties                                  (3   )            (4   )              2
gains on the change in fair value of unhedged derivative transactions                        10                16                 15
losses on remeasurement of certain assets and liabilities (1)                                (2   )           (20   )             (8   )
(1)   these gains or losses were primarily related to the remeasurement of assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity, such as short-term intercompany loans between the u.s. parent and certain consolidated subsidiaries, debt and tax receivables and payables.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our foreign currency and derivative policies and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our derivative transactions.
gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt, net we repurchased portions of several series of senior notes, senior exchangeable notes and secured mortgage debt that resulted in the recognition of a gain of $2 million in 2016 and losses of $86 million and $165 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. as a result of these transactions, we reduced our effective interest rate and lengthened the maturities of our debt. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our debt repurchases.
income tax expense (benefit)
we recognize current income tax expense for income taxes incurred by our taxable reit subsidiaries, state and local income taxes and taxes incurred in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. our current income tax expense fluctuates from period to period based primarily on the timing of our taxable income. deferred income tax expense (benefit) is generally a function of the period's temporary differences and the utilization of net operating losses generated in prior years that had been previously recognized as deferred income tax assets in taxable subsidiaries operating in the u.s. or in foreign jurisdictions.
the following table summarizes our income tax expense (benefit) for the year ended december 31 (in millions):
deferred income tax expense (benefit):
income tax benefit                                                               (5   )           (1   )            (57   )
income tax benefit on dispositions related to acquired tax liabilities            -               (4   )            (30   )
total deferred income tax benefit                                                (5   )           (5   )            (87   )
total income tax expense (benefit)                                              $55              $23               $(26   )
our income taxes are discussed in more detail in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests this amount represents the third-party investors' share of the earnings generated in consolidated entities in which we do not own 100% of the equity, reduced by the third party share of fees or promotes payable to us and earned during the period.
(1)   uslv completed the ktr transaction in may 2015; approximately seven months of operating activity were included in 2015, offset by third-party share of acquisition costs and an acquisition fee payable to us.
(2)   in 2014, we recognized net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in prologis mexico fondo logistico of $65 million because of the fibra prologis transaction, primarily related to the third-party investors' share of the gain on disposition and the net deferred income tax benefit.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our consolidated co-investment ventures.
other comprehensive loss during 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recorded net losses in our statement of comprehensive income related to foreign currency translations of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars upon consolidation. these losses were principally due to the weakening of the brazilian real, british pound sterling, euro and japanese yen to the u.s. dollar.
during 2016, 2015 and 2014, we also recorded unrealized losses in our statement of comprehensive income, related to the change in fair value of our cash flow hedges and our share of derivatives in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our foreign currency and derivative policies and note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for more information about our derivative transactions and other comprehensive losses.
other matters on june 23, 2016, the u.k. passed a referendum to leave the european union. our key business driver remains intact, and we have not seen, nor do we anticipate, a material operational or financial impact. our customers in the u.k. principally serve domestic consumers and we do not expect the decision to leave the european union will materially change the consumption habits that drive our business. at december 31, 2016, our owned and managed u.k. operating portfolio was 99.5% leased and had a weighted average lease term of nine years with only 4.6% of the leases expiring in 2017. the u.k. portfolio contributes approximately 4% of our share of annual noi through consolidated entities and co-investment ventures.
environmental matters a majority of the properties we acquired were subjected to environmental reviews either by us or the previous owners. while some of these assessments have led to further investigation and sampling, none of the environmental assessments have revealed an
environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see note 17 in the consolidated financial statements for further information about environmental liabilities.
liquidity and capital resources overview we consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, dispositions of properties and from available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend and distribution requirements.
near-term principal cash sources and uses in addition to dividends to the common and preferred stockholders of prologis and distributions to the holders of limited partnership units of the operating partnership and our partners in the consolidated co-investment ventures, we expect our primary cash needs will consist of the following:
•   completion of the development and leasing of the properties in our consolidated development portfolio (at december 31, 2016, 89 properties in our development portfolio were 59.8% leased with a current investment of $1.4 billion and a tei of $2.4 billion when completed and leased, leaving $1.0 billion remaining to be spent);
•   development of new properties for long-term investment, including the acquisition of land in certain markets;
•   capital expenditures and leasing costs on properties in our operating portfolio;
•   repayment of debt and scheduled principal payments of $622 million in 2017;
•   additional investments in current unconsolidated entities or new investments in future unconsolidated co-investment ventures;
•   acquisition of operating properties or portfolios of operating properties (depending on market and other conditions) for direct, long-term investment in our consolidated portfolio (this might include acquisitions from our co-investment ventures); and
•   repurchase of our outstanding debt or equity securities (depending on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors) through cash purchases, open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers or otherwise.
we expect to fund our cash needs principally from the following sources (subject to market conditions):
•   fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, including promotes;
•   proceeds from the disposition of properties, land parcels or other investments to third parties;
•   proceeds from the contributions of properties to current or future co-investment ventures;
•   proceeds from the sale of a portion of our investments in co-investment ventures;
•   borrowing capacity under our current credit facility arrangements discussed in the following section, other facilities or borrowing arrangements ($3.2 billion available at december 31, 2016); and
•   proceeds from the issuance of debt.
we may also generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions.
debt the following table summarizes information about our debt at december 31 (dollars in millions):
in the first quarter of 2016, we repaid the $400 million remaining balance on the senior term loan that was used to fund the ktr transaction with proceeds generated from the contributions of development properties to our co-investment ventures and proceeds generated from the disposition of certain nonstrategic properties to third parties.
in march 2016, we entered into an unsecured term loan agreement under which we could draw in japanese yen in an aggregate amount not to exceed ¥11.2 billion that was scheduled to mature in march 2017. in the first quarter of 2016, we borrowed ¥11.2 billion ($100 million) on this term loan.
in april 2016, we amended the global facility and increased our aggregate borrowing capacity to $3.0 billion in august 2016, we entered into the yen term loan under which we can draw in japanese yen in an aggregate amount not to exceed ¥120.0 billion ($1.0 billion at december 31, 2016) bearing interest at yen libor plus 0.65%, of which ¥50.0 billion ($427 million at december 31, 2016) matures in august 2022 and ¥70.0 billion ($598 million at december 31, 2016) matures in august 2023. we may increase the borrowings up to ¥200.0 billion ($1.7 billion at december 31, 2016), subject to obtaining additional lender commitments. in the third quarter of 2016, we borrowed on the yen term loan and used the proceeds to repay the previously outstanding japanese yen term loans entered into in 2014, 2015 and 2016. the yen term loan was fully drawn at december 31, 2016.
at december 31, 2016, we had credit facilities with an aggregate borrowing capacity of $3.3 billion, of which $3.2 billion was available for borrowing.
at december 31, 2016, our credit ratings were a3 from moody's and a- from s&p, both with stable outlook. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
at december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. these covenants include customary financial covenants for total debt, encumbered debt and fixed charge coverage ratios.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our debt.
equity commitments related to certain co-investment ventures certain co-investment ventures have equity commitments from us and our venture partners. our venture partners fulfill their equity commitment with cash. we may fulfill our equity commitment through contributions of properties or cash. see the cash flow summary below for more information about our investment activity in our co-investment ventures. for more information on equity commitments for our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
net cash provided by operating activities                    $1,417              $1,116           $894
cash provided by operating activities cash provided by operating activities, exclusive of changes in receivables and payables, is impacted by the following significant activity:
•   real estate operations. we receive the majority of our operating cash through net revenues of our real estate operations segment. see our results of operations section above for further explanation of our real estate operations segment. the revenues from this segment include noncash adjustments for straight-lined rent and amortization of above and below market leases of $94 million, $60 million and $14 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   strategic capital. we also generate operating cash through our strategic capital segment by providing management services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, including promotes. see our strategic capital results of operations section above for the key drivers of our strategic capital revenues and expenses. included in the cash provided by operating activities for 2016 is $30 million of cash received from promotes, which represented the third-party share and was accrued as strategic capital revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   g&amp;a expenses. we incurred $222 million, $217 million and $229 million of g&amp;a costs in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   distributions from unconsolidated entities. in 2016, we adopted an accounting standard update that clarifies the classification methodology within the statement of cash flows for distributions received from equity method investments. we elected the nature of distributions approach, in which cash flows generated from the operations of an unconsolidated entity are classified as a return on investment (cash inflow from operating activities) and cash flows that are generated from property sales, debt refinancing or redemption of ownership interests are classified as a return of investment (cash inflow from investing activities).
following our adoption of this standard, we recognized $287 million, $285 million and $295 million of distributions from our unconsolidated entities in net cash provided by operating activities in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. included in 2016 are distributions of $27 million that represented our share of promotes earned in 2015. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we reclassified $141 million and $177 million of distributions from our unconsolidated entities into net cash provided by operating activities that were previously reported as net cash provided by (used in) investing activities. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on this adoption.
•   equity-based compensation awards. we record equity-based compensation expenses in rental expenses in the real estate operations segment, strategic capital expenses in the strategic capital segment and g&amp;a expenses. the total amounts expensed were $60 million, $54 million and $57 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   cash paid for interest and income taxes. we paid combined amounts for interest and income taxes of $352 million, $370 million and $364 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see note 9 and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on this activity.
•   real estate development. we invested $1.6 billion, $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, in real estate development and leasing costs for first generation leases. we have 60 properties under development and 29 properties that were completed but not stabilized at december 31, 2016, and we expect to continue to develop new properties as the opportunities arise.
•   real estate acquisitions. in 2016, we acquired total real estate of $459 million, which included 776 acres of land and nine operating properties. in 2015, we acquired total real estate of $890 million, which included 690 acres of land and 52 operating properties, excluding the ktr transaction. in 2014, we acquired 1,040 acres of land and eight operating properties for a combined total of $612 million.
•   ktr transaction, net of cash received. in 2015, we acquired the real estate assets of ktr for a net cash purchase price of $4.8 billion through our consolidated co-investment venture uslv. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on the transaction.
•   capital expenditures. we invested $268 million, $238 million and $213 million in our operating properties during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which included recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and leasing commissions on existing operating properties that were previously leased.
•   proceeds from contributions and dispositions. we generated cash from contributions and dispositions of real estate properties of $2.8 billion, $2.8 billion and $2.3 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail about our contributions and dispositions.
•   investments in unconsolidated entities. we invest cash in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures, which represented our proportionate share. the ventures use the funds for the acquisition of operating properties, development and repayment of debt. the following table summarizes our investments in our unconsolidated co-investment ventures for the years ended december 31 (in millions):
prologis european properties fund ii                                             6            17            53
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on our unconsolidated co-investment ventures.
•   purchase of a controlling interest. we paid net cash of $590 million to acquire a controlling interest in naif in 2014.
•   return of investment. as discussed above, we adopted an accounting standard update in 2016 that clarifies the classification methodology within the statement of cash flows for distributions received from equity method investments. as a result, distributions generated from activities outside the operations of our unconsolidated entities, such as property sales, debt refinancing or redemptions of ownership interests, are reflected in net cash provided by (used in) investing activities. we received distributions from unconsolidated co-investment ventures and other ventures as a return of investment of $777 million, $29 million and $84 million during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. included in this amount for 2016 is $611 million from the sale of a portion of our investments, and the remaining amount was from property dispositions within our unconsolidated co-investment entities. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we reclassified $141 million and $177 million, respectively, of distributions from our unconsolidated entities that were previously reported as net cash provided by (used in) investing activities into net cash provided by operating activities.
•   proceeds from repayment of notes receivable backed by real estate. in 2016, we received $203 million for the payment in full of notes receivable received in connection with dispositions of real estate to third parties in 2015. in 2014, we received $188 million for the payment in full of the notes receivable that originated in 2010 through the sale of a portfolio of properties. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about notes receivable.
•   settlement of net investment hedges. we received net proceeds of $80 million, $128 million and $13 million from the settlement of net investment hedges during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our derivative activity.
•   proceeds from issuance of common stock.
o   we generated net proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our incentive plans, primarily from the exercise of stock options, of $40 million, $18 million and $26 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
o   we generated net proceeds of $72 million and $140 million from the issuance of 2 million shares and 3 million shares of common stock under our at-the-market program during 2015 and 2014, respectively.
o   norges bank investment management exercised a warrant (that we issued in connection with the formation of pelp) for $214 million in exchange for 6 million shares of prologis common stock in 2014.
•   dividends paid on common and preferred stock. we paid dividends of $893 million, $805 million and $672 million to our common and preferred stockholders during 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   repurchase of preferred stock and units. we paid $28 million to repurchase shares of series q preferred stock in 2014.
•   noncontrolling interests contributions. our partner in uslv made contributions in 2015 of $2.4 billion, primarily for the ktr transaction, and $446 million in 2014 related to the formation of the venture.
•   noncontrolling interests distributions. our consolidated ventures distributed $344 million, $216 million and $315 million to various noncontrolling interests in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to dispositions of real estate. included in these amounts were $37 million, $16 million and $2 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of distributions to common limited partnership unitholders of the operating partnership.
•   tax paid for shares withheld. in 2016, we adopted an accounting standard update that clarifies the classification methodology within the statement of cash flows for taxes paid to a tax authority by us when we withhold shares to cover employee withholding tax payments for certain stock compensation plans. as a result of the adoption, we reclassified payments of $12 million and $13 million from net cash provided by operating activities to net cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   net borrowings on credit facilities. we generated net proceeds of $33 million from our credit facilities in 2016. we made net payments of $8 million and $717 million in 2015 and 2014 respectively, on our credit facilities.
•   repurchase and payments of debt. during 2016, we made payments of $1.6 billion on our outstanding term loans, $233 million on regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity and repurchased and extinguished secured mortgage debt of $461 million. during 2015, we made payments of $1.0 billion on our outstanding term loans, $128 million on regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity and repurchased and extinguished secured mortgage debt of $2.0 billion. during 2014, we made payments of $2.2 billion on our previous term loan, $102 million on regularly scheduled debt principal payments and payments at maturity and repurchased and extinguished senior notes and secured mortgage debt of $1.9 billion.
•   proceeds from issuance of debt. in 2016, we issued $973 million of term loans and $397 million of secured mortgage debt and used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes. in 2015, we issued $1.5 billion of senior notes, $565 million of secured mortgage debt and $3.1 billion of term loans and used the net proceeds to fund our share of the purchase price for the ktr transaction, repurchased and redeemed senior notes and for general corporate purposes. in 2014, we issued €1.8 billion ($2.4 billion) of senior notes, $2.3 billion of term loans and $71 million of secured debt. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for more detail on debt.
off-balance sheet arrangements unconsolidated co-investment venture debt we had investments in and advances to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, at december 31, 2016, of $4.1 billion. these ventures had total third-party debt of $6.5 billion at december 31, 2016. this debt is primarily secured, is non-recourse to prologis or the other investors in the co-investment ventures, matures and bears interest as follows (dollars in millions):
prologis european properties fund ii           50             317           166         1,253        (11   )         1,775              3.1%         4,881          31.2%
at december 31, 2016, we did not guarantee any third-party debt of the co-investment ventures. in our role as the manager or sponsor, we work with the co-investment ventures to refinance their maturing debt. there can be no assurance that the co-investment ventures will be able to refinance any maturing indebtedness on terms as favorable as the maturing debt, or at all. if the ventures are unable to refinance the maturing indebtedness with newly issued debt, they may be able to obtain funds by voluntary capital contributions from us and our partners or by selling assets. certain of our ventures also have credit facilities, or unencumbered properties, both of which may be used to obtain funds.
unfunded commitments on the development portfolio (1)                        854                        99                         -                             -                   953
operating lease payments                                                      31                        62                        52                           333                   478
(1)   we had properties in our consolidated development portfolio (completed and under development) at december 31, 2016, with a tei of $2.4 billion. the unfunded commitments presented include not only those costs that we are obligated to fund under construction contracts, but all costs necessary to place the property into service, including the estimated costs of tenant improvements, marketing and leasing costs that we expect to incur as the property is leased.
distribution and dividend requirements our dividend policy on our common stock is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow to ensure that we will meet the dividend requirements of the internal revenue code, relative to maintaining our reit status, while still allowing us to retain cash to meet other needs such as capital improvements and other investment activities.
in 2016, we paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.42 per common share. in 2015, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.36 for the first two quarters and $0.40 per common share for the last two quarters. our future common stock dividends, if and as declared, may vary and will be determined by the board upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition, operating results and reit distribution requirements, and may be adjusted at the discretion of the board during the year.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, we issued a new class of common limited partnership units in the operating partnership that are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to $0.64665 per unit so long as the common units receive a quarterly distribution of at least $0.40 per unit. see note 11 in the consolidated financial statements for more information on this new partnership unit class. we paid a distribution of $0.64665 in december 2016 and in december 2015 related to this new partnership unit class. we make distributions to the common limited partnership units outstanding at the same per unit amount as our common stock dividend.
at december 31, 2016, we had 1.6 million shares of one series of preferred stock outstanding - the "series q preferred stock," with a liquidation preference of $50 per share. the annual dividend rate is 8.54% per share and dividends are payable quarterly in arrears. pursuant to the terms of our preferred stock, we are restricted from declaring or paying any dividend with respect to our common stock unless and until all cumulative dividends with respect to the preferred stock have been paid and sufficient funds have been set aside for dividends that have been declared for the relevant dividend period with respect to the preferred stock.
other commitments on a continuing basis, we are engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties.
critical accounting policies a critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the portrayal of an entity's financial condition and results of operations and requires judgment on the part of management. generally, the judgment requires management to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. estimates are prepared using management's best judgment, after considering past and current economic conditions and expectations for the future. changes in estimates could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations that are used by stockholders, potential investors, industry analysts and lenders in their evaluation of our performance. of the accounting policies discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, those presented below have been identified by us as critical accounting policies.
consolidation we consolidate all entities that are wholly owned and those in which we own less than 100% of the equity but control, as well as any variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. we evaluate our ability to control an entity including whether the entity is a variable interest entity and whether we are the primary beneficiary. we consider the substantive terms of the arrangement to identify which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impacts the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity. investments in entities that we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted
for using the equity method. our ability to correctly assess our influence or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations upon acquisition of real estate that constitutes a business, which includes acquiring a controlling interest in an entity previously accounted for using the equity method of accounting, we allocate the purchase price to the various components of the acquisition based on the fair value of each component. the components typically include buildings, land, intangible assets related to the acquired leases, debt, deferred tax liabilities and other assumed assets and liabilities. in an acquisition of multiple properties, we allocate the purchase price among the properties. the allocation of the purchase price is based on our assessment of estimated fair value and often is based on the expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics of the markets where the property is located. the fair value may also include an enterprise value premium that we estimate a third party would be willing to pay for a portfolio of properties. in the case of an acquisition of a controlling interest in an entity previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting, this allocation may result in a gain or a loss. the initial allocation of the purchase price is based on management's preliminary assessment, which may differ when final information becomes available. subsequent adjustments made to the initial purchase price allocation are made within the allocation period, not to exceed one year. the use of different assumptions in the allocation of the purchase price of the acquired properties and liabilities assumed could affect the timing of recognition of the related revenues and expenses.
revenue recognition - gains (losses) on dispositions of investments in real estate and strategic capital revenues we recognize gains from the contributions and sales of real estate assets, generally at the time the title is transferred, consideration is received and we no longer have substantial continuing involvement with the real estate sold. in many of our transactions, an entity in which we have an equity investment will acquire a real estate asset from us. we make judgments based on the specific terms of each transaction as to the amount of the total profit from the transaction that we recognize given our continuing ownership interest and our level of future involvement with the entity that acquires the assets. in addition, we make judgments regarding recognition in earnings of certain fees and incentives earned for services provided to these entities based on when they are earned, fixed and determinable.
derivative financial instruments derivative financial instruments can be designated as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. we do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. accounting for derivatives as hedges requires that at inception, and over the term of the instruments, the hedged item and derivative qualify for hedge accounting. the rules and interpretations for derivatives are complex. failure to apply this guidance correctly may result in all changes in fair value of the hedged derivative being recognized in earnings. we assess both at inception, and at least quarterly thereafter, whether the derivatives used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the related underlying exposures. any ineffective portion of a derivative financial instrument's change in fair value is immediately recognized in earnings. derivatives not designated as hedges are used to manage our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and variable interest rates but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements. the rules and interpretations for derivatives are complex. failure to apply this guidance correctly may result in all changes in fair value of the hedged derivative being recognized in earnings. see notes 2 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about our derivative financial instrument policy and our derivative financial instruments.
income taxes significant management judgment is required to estimate our income tax liability for each taxable entity, the liability associated with open tax years that are under review, our reit taxable income and our compliance with reit requirements. our estimates are based on interpretation of tax laws. we estimate our actual current income tax due and assess temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for book and tax purposes resulting in the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities. these estimates may have an impact on the income tax expense recognized. adjustments may be required by a change in assessment of our deferred income tax assets and liabilities; changes in assessments of the recognition of income tax benefits for certain nonroutine transactions; changes due to audit adjustments by federal, international and state tax authorities; our inability to qualify as a reit; the potential for built-in gain recognition; changes in the assessment of properties to be contributed to taxable reit subsidiaries and changes in tax laws. adjustments required in any given period are included within income tax expense. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities.
recoverability of real estate assets we assess the carrying values of our respective long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable.
recoverability of real estate assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. to review our real estate assets for recoverability, we consider current market conditions, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. our intent with regard to the underlying assets might change as market conditions change. fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, applying a capitalization rate to estimated noi of a property, quoted market values and third-party appraisals, where considered necessary. the use of projected future cash flows is based on assumptions that are consistent with our estimates of future expectations and the
strategic plan we use to manage our underlying business. if our analysis indicates that the carrying value of a property that we expect to hold is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the current estimated fair value of the property. assumptions and estimates used in the recoverability analyses for future cash flows, including market rents, discount rates and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. changes in economic and operating conditions or our intent with regard to our investment that occurs subsequent to our impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment.
capitalization of costs during the land development and construction periods (including renovating and rehabilitating), we capitalize interest, insurance, real estate taxes and certain general and administrative costs of the personnel performing development, renovations and rehabilitation if such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to get the asset ready for its intended use. the ability to specifically identify internal personnel costs associated with development and the determination of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease, requires a high degree of judgment and failure to accurately assess these costs and timing could result in the misstatement of asset values and expenses. capitalized costs are included in the investment basis of real estate assets.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
ffo is a non-gaap financial measure that is commonly used in the real estate industry. the most directly comparable gaap measure to ffo is net earnings.
the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") defines ffo as earnings computed under gaap to exclude historical cost depreciation and gains and losses from the sales, along with impairment charges, of previously depreciated properties. we also consider the gains on revaluation of equity investments upon acquisition of a controlling interest and the gain recognized from a partial sale of our investment to be similar as a gain from the sale of previously depreciated properties under the nareit definition of ffo. we exclude similar adjustments from our unconsolidated entities and the third parties' share of our consolidated ventures.
our ffo measures our ffo measures begin with nareit's definition and we make certain adjustments to reflect our business and the way that management plans and executes our business strategy. while not infrequent or unusual, the additional items we adjust for in calculating ffo, as modified by prologis and core ffo, both as defined below, are subject to significant fluctuations from period to period. although these items may have a material impact on our operations and are reflected in our financial statements, the removal of the effects of these items allows us to better understand the core operating performance of our properties over the long term. these items have both positive and negative short-term effects on our results of operations in inconsistent and unpredictable directions that are not relevant to our long-term outlook.
we calculate our ffo measures based on our proportionate ownership share of both our unconsolidated and consolidated ventures. we reflect our share of our ffo measures for unconsolidated ventures by applying our average ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. we reflect our share for consolidated ventures in which we do not own 100% of the equity by adjusting our ffo measures to remove the noncontrolling interests share of the applicable reconciling items based on our average ownership percentage for the applicable periods.
these ffo measures are used by management as supplemental financial measures of operating performance and we believe that it is important that stockholders, potential investors and financial analysts understand the measures management uses. we do not use our ffo measures as, nor should they be considered to be, alternatives to net earnings computed under gaap, as indicators of our operating performance, as alternatives to cash from operating activities computed under gaap or as indicators of our ability to fund our cash needs.
we analyze our operating performance primarily by the rental revenues of our real estate and the revenues from our strategic capital business, net of operating, administrative and financing expenses. this income stream is not directly impacted by fluctuations in the market value of our investments in real estate or debt securities.
•   deferred income tax benefits and deferred income tax expenses recognized by our subsidiaries;
•   current income tax expense related to acquired tax liabilities that were recorded as deferred tax liabilities in an acquisition, to the extent the expense is offset with a deferred income tax benefit in earnings that is excluded from our defined ffo measure;
•   unhedged foreign currency exchange gains and losses resulting from debt transactions between us and our foreign consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign unconsolidated entities;
•   foreign currency exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement (based on current foreign currency exchange rates) of certain third party debt of our foreign consolidated subsidiaries and our foreign unconsolidated entities; and
•   mark-to-market adjustments associated with derivative financial instruments.
we use ffo, as modified by prologis, so that management, analysts and investors are able to evaluate our performance against other reits that do not have similar operations or operations in jurisdictions outside the u.s.
•   gains or losses from contribution or sale of land or development properties that were developed with the intent to contribute or sell;
•   income tax expense related to the sale of investments in real estate and third-party acquisition costs related to the acquisition of real estate;
•   impairment charges recognized related to our investments in real estate generally as a result of our change in intent to contribute or sell these properties;
•   gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt and redemption and repurchase of preferred stock; and
we use core ffo, including by segment and region, to: (i) assess our operating performance as compared to similar real estate companies and the industry in general, (ii) evaluate our performance and the performance of our properties in comparison with expected results and results of previous periods, relative to resource allocation decisions; (iii) evaluate the performance of our management; (iv) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources; (v) provide guidance to the financial markets to understand our expected operating performance; and (v) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results.
limitations on the use of our ffo measures while we believe our modified ffo measures are important supplemental measures, neither nareit's nor our measures of ffo should be used alone because they exclude significant economic components of net earnings computed under gaap and are, therefore, limited as an analytical tool. accordingly, these are only a few of the many measures we use when analyzing our business. some of these limitations are:
•   the current income tax expenses and acquisition costs that are excluded from our modified ffo measures represent the taxes and transaction costs that are payable.
•   depreciation and amortization of real estate assets are economic costs that are excluded from ffo. ffo is limited, as it does not reflect the cash requirements that may be necessary for future replacements of the real estate assets. furthermore, the amortization of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of logistics facilities are not reflected in ffo.
•   gains or losses from non-development property acquisitions and dispositions or impairment charges related to expected dispositions represent changes in value of the properties. by excluding these gains and losses, ffo does not capture realized changes in the value of acquired or disposed properties arising from changes in market conditions.
•   the deferred income tax benefits and expenses that are excluded from our modified ffo measures result from the creation of a deferred income tax asset or liability that may have to be settled at some future point. our modified ffo measures do not currently reflect any income or expense that may result from such settlement.
•   the foreign currency exchange gains and losses that are excluded from our modified ffo measures are generally recognized based on movements in foreign currency exchange rates through a specific point in time. the ultimate settlement of our foreign currency-denominated net assets is indefinite as to timing and amount. our ffo measures are limited in that they do not reflect the current period changes in these net assets that result from periodic foreign currency exchange rate movements.
•   the gains and losses on extinguishment of debt that we exclude from our core ffo, may provide a benefit or cost to us as we may be settling our debt at less or more than our future obligation.
we compensate for these limitations by using our ffo measures only in conjunction with net earnings computed under gaap when making our decisions. this information should be read with our complete consolidated financial statements prepared under gaap. to assist investors in compensating for these limitations, we reconcile our modified ffo measures to our net earnings computed under gaap for years ended december 31 as follows (in millions).
ffo reconciliation of net earnings to ffo measures:
add (deduct) nareit defined adjustments:
gains on dispositions of investments in real estate properties, net                                (423   )              (501   )            (553   )
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                    162                   185                 186
add (deduct) our modified adjustments:
deferred income tax benefit, net                                                                     (5   )                (5   )             (87   )
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                    (23   )               (14   )               5
adjustments to arrive at core ffo:
gains on dispositions of development properties and land, net                                      (334   )              (258   )            (173   )
losses (gains) on early extinguishment of debt and repurchase of preferred stock, net                (2   )                86                 172
our share of reconciling items included in earnings from unconsolidated entities                      2                     8                  47