item 1a. risk factors as a global manufacturer of coatings, specialty materials and fiber glass products, we operate in a business environment that includes risks. these risks are not unlike the risks we have faced in the recent past nor are they unlike risks faced by our competitors. each of the risks described in this section could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. while the factors listed here are considered to be the more significant factors, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles which may adversely affect our businesses and our results of operations.
increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results.
our financial results are significantly affected by the cost of raw materials. coatings raw materials, which include both organic, primarily petroleum based, materials and inorganic materials, including titanium dioxide, comprise between 70% and 80% of the company's cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, sold in most coatings formulations and represent ppg's single largest production cost component.
while not our customary practice, we also import raw materials and intermediates, particularly for use at our manufacturing facilities in the emerging regions of the world. in most cases, those imports are priced in the currency of the supplier and, therefore, if that currency strengthens against the currency of our manufacturing facility, our margins may be lower.
most of our raw materials are purchased from outside sources, and the company has made, and plans to continue to make, supply arrangements to meet the planned operating requirements for the future. adequate supply of critical raw materials is managed by establishing contracts, procuring from multiple sources, and identifying alternative materials or technology whenever possible. the company is continuing its aggressive sourcing initiatives to effectively broaden our supply of high quality raw materials. these initiatives include qualifying multiple and local sources of supply, including suppliers from asia and other lower cost regions of the world, adding on-site resin production at certain manufacturing locations, and a reduction in the amount of titanium dioxide and other raw materials used in our product formulations. our products use both petroleum-derived and bio-based materials as part of a product renewal strategy.
an inability to obtain critical raw materials would adversely impact our ability to produce products. increases in the cost of raw materials may have an adverse effect on our income from continuing operations or cash from operating activities in the event we are unable to offset these higher costs in a timely manner.
the pace of economic growth and level of uncertainty could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
during 2016, overall economic conditions remained mixed among the major global economies. ppg provides products and services to a variety of end-use markets in many geographies. this broad end-use market exposure and expanded geographic presence lessens the significance of any individual decrease in activity levels; nonetheless, lower demand levels may result in lower sales, which would result in reduced income from continuing operations and cash from operating activities.
refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this form 10-k for discussion of the economic conditions in 2016 and our outlook on certain economic conditions in 2017.
we are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the protection of the environment.
environmental laws and regulations control, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the
handling, use, treatment, storage and clean-up of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater affected by hazardous substances, and regulate various health and safety matters. the environmental laws and regulations we are subject to impose liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. violations of these laws and regulations can also result in fines and penalties. future environmental laws and regulations may require substantial capital expenditures or may require or cause us to modify or curtail our operations, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as described in note 13, "commitments and contingent liabilities," under item 8 of this form 10-k, we are currently undertaking environmental remediation activities at a number of our current and former facilities and properties, the cost of which is substantial. in addition to the amounts currently reserved, we may be subject to loss contingencies related to environmental matters estimated to be as much as $100 million to $200 million. such unreserved losses are reasonably possible but are not currently considered to be probable of occurrence.
we are involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, and we may be involved in future lawsuits and claims, in which substantial monetary damages are sought.
ppg is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. those lawsuits and claims relate to contract, patent, environmental, product liability, asbestos exposure, antitrust, employment and other matters arising out of the conduct of ppg's current and past business activities. any such claims, whether with or without merit, could be time consuming, expensive to defend and could divert management's attention and resources. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential claims, and the levels of insurance we do maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses. we believe that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all current lawsuits and claims involving ppg, including those described in note 13, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 8 of this form 10-k, will not have a material effect on ppg's consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. nonetheless, the results of any future litigation or claims are inherently unpredictable, but such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash from operating activities or financial condition.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at the average exchange rate during each reporting period, as well as assets and liabilities into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against other currencies will affect our net sales, net income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. we may use derivative financial instruments to reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations related to foreign currency transactions. however, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations expressed in u.s. dollars. in 2016, this u.s. dollar strengthening had an unfavorable impact on full year net sales and income before income taxes from the translation of foreign earnings into u.s. dollars of approximately $400 million and $70 million, respectively.
we are subject to a variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. laws and regulations which could increase our compliance costs.
we are subject to a wide variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. laws and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, environmental laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, u.s. and foreign export and trading laws, and laws governing improper business practices, including bribery. we are affected by new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations, including interpretations by courts and regulators. these laws and regulations effectively expand our compliance obligations and potential enforcement actions by governmental authorities or litigation related to them.
new laws and regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their interpretation could increase our compliance costs. for example, regulations concerning the composition, use and transport of chemical products continue to evolve. developments concerning these regulations could potentially impact the availability or viability of some of the raw materials we use in our product formulations and/or our ability to supply certain products to some customers or markets. import/export regulations also continue to evolve and could result in increased compliance costs, slower product movements or additional complexity in our supply chains.
our international operations expose us to additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.
ppg has a significant investment in global operations. this broad geographic footprint serves to lessen the significance of economic impacts occurring in any one region. notwithstanding the benefits of geographic diversification, our ability to achieve and maintain profitable growth in international markets is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many countries. as a result of our operations outside the u.s., we are subject to certain inherent risks, including political and economic uncertainty, inflation rates, exchange rates, trade protection measures, local labor conditions and laws, restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of earnings, and weak intellectual property protection. our percentage of sales generated in 2016 by products sold outside the u.s. was approximately 60%.
changes in the tax regimes and related government policies and regulations in the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our results and our effective tax rate.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to various taxes in both the u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in these various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. our future
14 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k effective income tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.  recent developments, including potential u.s. tax reform discussions, the european commission's investigations on illegal state aid as well as the organisation for economic co-operation and development project on base erosion and profit shifting may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities. if our effective income tax rate was to increase, our cash from operating activities, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
although we believe that our tax filing positions are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. if future audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash from operating activities, financial condition and results of operations.
business disruptions could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
unexpected events, including supply disruptions, temporary plant and/or power outages, work stoppages, natural disasters and severe weather events, computer system disruptions, fires, war or terrorist activities, could increase the cost of doing business or otherwise harm the operations of ppg, our customers and our suppliers. it is not possible for us to predict the occurrence or consequence of any such events. however, such events could reduce our ability to supply products, reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to receive raw materials from suppliers or to deliver products to customers.
failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations could adversely affect our financial results.
part of the company's strategy is growth through acquisitions, and we will likely acquire additional businesses and enter into additional joint ventures in the future. growth through acquisitions and the formation of joint ventures involve risks, including:
•   difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and products into our existing business;
•   delays in realizing the benefits from the acquired companies or products;
•   diversion of our management's time and attention from other business concerns;
•   difficulties due to lack of or limited prior experience in any new markets we may enter;
•   unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures or product liability;
•   unexpected losses of customers or suppliers of the acquired or existing business;
•   difficulty in conforming the acquired business' standards, processes, procedures and controls to those of our operations; and
•   difficulties in retaining key employees of the acquired businesses.
our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and joint ventures could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or joint ventures and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash from operating activities or financial condition.
our ability to understand our customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to innovate, develop, produce and market products that meet customer demand is critical to our business results.
our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to customers.  this is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs.
we believe the automotive industry will experience significant and continued change in the coming years. vehicle manufacturers continue to develop new safety features such as collision avoidance technology and self-driving vehicles that may reduce vehicle collisions in the future, potentially lowering demand for our refinish coatings. in addition, through the introduction of new technologies, new business models or new methods of travel, such as ridesharing, the number of automotive oem new-builds may decline, potentially reducing demand for our automotive oem coatings.
our future growth will depend on our ability to continue to innovate our existing products and to develop and introduce new products. if we fail to keep pace with product innovation on a competitive basis or to predict market demands for our products, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive.
with each of our businesses, an increase in competition may cause us to lose market share, lose a large regional or global customer, or compel us to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could result in reduced margins for our products. competitive pressures may not only reduce our margins but may also impact our revenues and our growth which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate.
increased global information technology security requirements, threats and sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems, networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. despite our efforts to protect sensitive information and confidential and personal data, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches. this could lead to negative publicity, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview below are our key financial results from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016:
•   cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization decreased 2% to $8.1 billion, including the effects of foreign currency translation.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1% to $3.7 billion, inclusive of a $46 million pension settlement charge associated with the sale of the european fiber glass business.
•   in december 2016, ppg approved a business restructuring program and recorded a $197 million charge consisting of approximately $140 million of severance and other cash charges and nearly $60 million of asset write-downs and other non-cash charges. the actions have anticipated annual savings of approximately $125 million once fully implemented.
•   cash from operating activities - continuing operations was $1.2 billion, net of $630 million (after-tax) paid to fund the pittsburgh corning asbestos trust (the "trust").
•   capital expenditures for modernization and other improvements, was $402 million.
•   cash used for business acquisitions (net of cash acquired), was $349 million.
•   in april 2016, the company raised the per-share dividend by 11%. in 2016, the company paid approximately $415 million in dividends and also repurchased $1.05 billion of its outstanding common stock.
•   the company achieved the top-end of its cash deployment target for acquisitions and share repurchases, deploying $2.5 billion in 2015 and 2016 combined.
•   the company announced a new cash deployment target for acquisitions and share repurchases for 2017 and 2018 combined of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion.
performance overview net sales december 31,                            % change
partially offset by:
● net sales from acquired businesses (+2%)
unfavorable foreign currency translation reduced net sales by approximately $400 million as the u.s. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies year-over-year, notably the british pound, the mexican peso, and the chinese yuan.
acquired businesses added approximately $275 million of sales in 2016, primarily due to the partial year sales from businesses acquired in 2015, including revocoat, ivc industrial coatings, le joint francais and cuming microwave, as well as the 2016 acquisitions of metokote and univer.
sales volume growth, excluding acquisition related sales, grew 1% led by growth in asia pacific and emea, while u.s. and canada sales volumes as a percentage of sales, declined modestly.
partially offset by:
● net sales from acquired businesses (+6%)
foreign currency translation unfavorably impacted net sales by $1.1 billion as the u.s. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies versus the prior year.
acquired businesses added $941 million of sales in 2015, primarily consorcio comex s.a. de c.v. ("comex"), supplemented by several other smaller acquisitions made in 2014 and 2015. in november 2015, comex reached its one year anniversary and its net sales and income are reported as organic growth subsequent to its anniversary date.
sales volume growth occurred primarily in the emerging regions and emea, while north america sales volumes declined approximately 1%.
cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization december 31,                            % change
cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization      $8,063          $8,206          $8,348         (1.7   )%         (1.7   )%
cost of sales as a % of net sales                                54.7   %        55.6   %        56.4   %     (0.9   )%         (0.8   )%
cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $143 million (2%) due to the following:
● lower manufacturing costs partially offset by:
● cost of sales from acquired businesses
cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $142 million (2%) due to the following:
● lower manufacturing costs partially offset by:
● cost of sales from acquired businesses
● higher sales volumes selling, general and administrative expenses december 31,                            % change
selling, general and administrative expenses as a % of net sales        24.8   %        24.5   %        25.0   %      0.3   %          (0.5   )%
● pension settlement charge of $46 million associated with the divestiture of the european fiber glass business
● selling, general and administrative expenses from acquired businesses
● overhead cost inflation partially offset by:
● restructuring cost savings partially offset by:
● selling, general and administrative expenses from acquired businesses
● overhead cost inflation other costs and income december 31,                            % change
interest expense, net of interest income       $99       $86           $137             15.1   %        (37.2    )%
business restructuring                        $197       $140          $-               40.7   %        na debt refinancing charge                         $-       $-            $317                -   %        na pension settlement charges                    $968       $-            $-                 na            na other charges                                 $178       $93           $217             91.4   %        (57.1    )%
interest expense, net of interest income interest expense, net of interest income increased $13 million in 2016 versus 2015 as interest income decreased year-over-year due to lower interest rates and lower average cash deposits on hand. interest expense, net of interest income decreased $51 million in 2015 versus the prior year primarily due to a debt refinancing undertaken in the fourth quarter of 2014.
business restructuring in december 2016, ppg's board of directors approved a business restructuring program which includes actions necessary to reduce its global cost structure. the program is focused on certain regions and end-use markets where business conditions are the weakest, as well as reductions in production capacity and various global functional and administrative costs. a pre-tax restructuring charge of $197 million was recorded in december 2016, of which about $140 million represents employee severance and other cash costs and nearly $60 million is related to the write-down of certain assets held for sale and other non-cash costs. in addition to the aforementioned pre-tax charge and cash costs, approximately $15 million of incremental restructuring-related cash costs are expected during 2017 for certain items that are required to be expensed on an as-incurred basis. the restructuring actions will result in the net reduction of approximately 1,700 positions, with substantially all actions to be complete by the first quarter 2018. the actions have anticipated annual savings of approximately $125 million once fully implemented. refer to note 7, "business restructuring" in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
in 2015, ppg recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $140 million, of which about 85% represents employee severance and other cash charges. ppg expects these restructuring actions will result in full year, pre-tax savings of approximately $105 million in 2017. as of december 31, 2016, substantially all actions have been completed.
20 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k debt refinancing charge in 2014, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $317 million representing costs related to a debt refinancing undertaken to lower the company's future interest costs. refer to note 8, "borrowings and lines of credit" in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
pension settlement charges during 2016, ppg permanently transferred approximately $1.8 billion of its u.s. and canadian pension obligations and assets to several highly rated insurance companies. these actions triggered remeasurement and partial settlement of certain of the company's defined benefit pension plans. ppg recognized a $968 million pre-tax settlement charge in connection with these transactions. refer to note 12, "employee benefit plans" in item 8 of this form 10-k for additional information.
other charges other charges in 2016 were higher than in 2015 and other charges in 2015 were lower than in 2014, due to pre-tax environmental charges of $82 million in 2016 and $138 million in 2014. these charges were principally for environmental remediation at a former chromium manufacturing plant and associated sites in new jersey.
other income other income in 2016 was higher than in 2015 due to gains totaling $82 million resulting from the sale of ppg's ownership interests in two asian fiber glass joint ventures, a legacy u.s. automotive glass and services business and a u.s. business affiliate. other income in 2015 was lower than 2014 due to a $94 million pre-tax gain representing ppg's share of the gain recognized from the sale of an equity affiliate's business in 2014.
effective tax rate and earnings per diluted share, continuing operations december 31,                            % change
*see the regulation g reconciliations - results of operations the effective tax rate for the year-ended december 31, 2016 was 29.1% and increased 5.3% from the prior year primarily due to the inclusion of the tax effects of significant transactions during the year, including the tax effects of funding the pittsburgh corning asbestos trust.
as reported, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 declined year-over-year from 2015, primarily due to significant pension settlement charges and other charges for items that cannot reasonably be expected to recur or that are not attributable to our primary operations. refer to the regulation g reconciliations - results of operations for additional information. the company's earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share both benefited from the 10.7 million, 7.0 million and 7.6 million shares of stock repurchased in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
regulation g reconciliations - results of operations ppg industries believes investors' understanding of the company's operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of net income, earnings per diluted share and the effective tax rate adjusted for certain charges. ppg's management considers this information useful in providing insight into the company's ongoing operating performance because it excludes the impact of items that cannot reasonably be expected to recur on a quarterly basis or that are not attributable to our primary operations. net income and earnings per diluted share adjusted for these items are not recognized financial measures determined in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and should not be considered a substitute for net income or earnings per diluted share or other financial measures as computed in accordance with u.s. gaap. in addition, adjusted net income, earnings per diluted share and the effective tax rate may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as reported by other companies.
charge related to business restructuring                                              197                         51                   25.8           %                                             146                                            0.55
charge related to environmental remediation                                            82                         31                   37.6           %                                              51                                            0.20
loss on divestiture of european fiber glass business                                   42                         (2     )             (4.8          )%                                              44                                            0.17
net gain on disposals of ownership interests in business affiliates                   (82          )             (27     )             32.9           %                                             (55                     )                     (0.21          )
net tax effect of asbestos settlement funding                                           -                       (151     )              n/a                                                         151                                            0.57
charge related to early retirement of debt                                              8                          3                   37.6           %                                               5                                            0.02
charge related to business restructuring                                     140                        34                   24.3           %                                             106                                            0.39
charges related to environmental remediation                                 138                         52                   37.7           %                                              86                                            0.30
benefit from favorable foreign tax ruling                                      -                         29                    n/a                                                         (29                     )                     (0.11          )
(1) transaction-related costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees incurred to effect significant acquisitions, as well as similar fees and other costs to effect divestitures not classified as discontinued operations. these costs also include the flow-through cost of sales impact for the step up to fair value of inventory acquired in acquisitions. these costs also include certain nonrecurring severance costs and charges associated with the company's business portfolio transformation.
22 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k performance of reportable business segments performance coatings december 31,   $ change                                                                       % change
performance coatings net sales decreased (2%) due to the following:
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $260 million (3%)
partially offset by:
architectural coatings - emea sales volumes were flat year-over-year. growth in western europe was offset by reduced demand levels in central europe and in africa, where economies are closely linked to depressed commodity prices. acquisition-related sales from univer in italy added about $10 million in the fourth quarter 2016.
protective and marine coatings net sales volumes declined a low-to-mid-single-digit-percentage year-over-year as growth in protective coatings was offset by declines in marine coatings, primarily due to lower shipbuilding activity in asia pacific and the ongoing impact of decreased capital investment and maintenance in the oil and gas sector. protective coatings sales volumes grew versus the prior year, led by the u.s. and canada and latin america regions, including benefits from expanded distribution through the ppg-comex concessionaire network.
aerospace coatings sales volumes increased modestly year-over-year, in line with industry growth rates. sales growth occurred in all major regions.
automotive refinish coatings organic sales grew at a low-single-digit percentage rate year-over-year, outperforming end-use market demand levels in the u.s. and canada and asia pacific, as customers continue to adopt ppg's industry leading technologies.
architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific organic sales were flat versus the prior year. in the u.s. and canada, sales volumes advanced in the company-owned store channel versus the prior year, mainly due to recent growth-related investments and initiatives. the increase in the company-owned stores channel was more than offset by sales volume declines in national retail (diy) accounts and u.s. independent dealer channel year-over-year, despite diy channel strengthening in the second half of 2016. latin america organic sales were up year-over-year, led by mexico which grew at more than double the mexican gdp growth rate.
segment income increased $12 million (+1%) primarily due to the benefits from prior year business restructuring initiatives, modestly higher selling prices, lower manufacturing costs, acquisition-related income (cumings microwave, le joint francais, univer), partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher growth-related spending in the u.s. architectural coatings business. segment income margins expanded, increasing 40 basis points year-over-year.
performance coatings net sales increased (1%) due to the following:
● modestly higher selling prices partially offset by:
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $700 million (8%)
architectural coatings - emea sales volumes declined 1%. demand was inconsistent throughout the region with modest growth continuing in certain countries, including the u.k., while several other countries experienced lower demand, including france.
protective and marine coatings net sales volumes were slightly higher year-over-year. sales for the business increased due to acquisition-related sales synergies from the comex acquisition offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation.
organic sales growth continued in aerospace coatings, aided by increased end-use market demand, but moderated versus the prior period reflecting the strong growth the business has delivered over the past several years. automotive refinish coatings sales volume growth was higher, with solid growth trends in the u.s. and canada.
excluding the impacts of acquisitions and currency, architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific net sales were lower versus 2014. the year-over-year sales comparison was negatively impacted in the u.s. and canada by several new ppg product pipeline fills at major customers in the previous year, as well as customer inventory management by most u.s. and canadian retail customers and independent dealers at the end of a modest paint season. organic sales growth in the acquired comex architectural coatings business was a high-single-digit percentage, but was partially mitigated by unfavorable foreign currency translation caused by the impact of a weaker mexican peso versus the u.s. dollar.
segment income increased $97 million (+8%) primarily due to acquisition-related income, lower manufacturing costs and modestly higher selling prices, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and lower sales volumes.
looking ahead in the first quarter of 2017, we expect year-over-year growth in our automotive refinish business as customers continue to adopt ppg's industry-leading technologies in most major regions. we expect aerospace coatings sales volume growth to be modest, as overall industry demand remains tepid. architectural coatings - emea sales volume growth is expected to improve modestly in the first quarter 2017, with results remaining uneven by country. architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific sales volumes are seasonally-lower in the first quarter; however, ppg expects overall volume trends by customer channel to be consistent with the fourth quarter 2016. the protective and marine coatings business is expected to continue to experience sales volumes declines in aggregate for the first quarter 2017 as weakness in marine shipbuilding is expected to continue and is likely to more than offset protective coatings gains. looking ahead, acquisition-related sales are expected to add approximately $10 million to segment net sales in first quarter 2017. additionally, based on mid-january exchange rates, we expect foreign currency translation on segment net sales and income to be a similar headwind as experienced in the fourth quarter 2016.
industrial coatings december 31,                                      $ change                                    % change
● net sales from acquired businesses (+4%)
partially offset by:
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $125 million (2%)
ppg's automotive oem coatings business sales volumes increased a low-single-digit-percentage over the prior year, consistent with modest global automotive industry production growth. ppg's sales volumes differed by region, led by year-over-year growth in europe and asia pacific, while u.s. and canada sales volumes declined.
general industrial coatings and specialty coatings and materials sales volumes, in aggregate, increased a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, marking four consecutive quarters of above-market growth. sales volume growth was led by asia pacific and emea, and was driven by strong end-market demand for automotive components, electronic materials, coil and extrusion products. latin america sales volumes advanced moderately, while volumes in the u.s. and canada declined modestly.
packaging coatings sales volumes were up a mid-to-high single-digit percentage year-over-year, primarily driven by continued strong sales growth momentum related to the adoption of ppg's new can coatings technologies. this above market sales volume growth was led by u.s. and canada and asia pacific regions.
segment income increased $57 million (+6%) primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, higher sales volumes, acquisition-related income (metokote, ivc industrial coatings, revocoat) and the benefits from prior year restructuring initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and modestly lower selling prices. late in 2016, ppg experienced higher transportation and logistics costs required to meet increasing customer demand levels in asia pacific. segment income margins continued to improve, increasing 30 basis points year-over-year.
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of nearly $400 million (7%)
partially offset by:
● net sales from acquired businesses (+4%)
● higher sales volumes (+3%), with growth in all regions, led by asia pacific and emea ppg's automotive oem coatings business achieved sales volume growth in all regions, with an aggregate business unit growth rate of a high-mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year in comparison with the global auto industry production growth rate of approximately 2%. ppg sales volume growth was led by strong european and asian demand. ppg continued to benefit from the adoption of new technologies and ongoing focus on customer service and customer process improvement initiatives.
sales volumes declined modestly in ppg's general industrial coatings and specialty coatings and materials businesses in comparison to strong volume growth in the prior year period. demand was mixed across various end-use markets and regions.
packaging coatings sales volumes were up a high-mid-single-digit percentage, aided by new product introductions and continued emerging region growth.
segment income increased $34 million (+4%) primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, higher sales volumes and acquisition-related income, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation.
24 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k looking ahead in the first quarter of 2017, we expect low-single-digit global automotive industry growth led by europe and mexico, with continued declines in the u.s. and canada. we expect moderate general industrial demand growth trends to continue in aggregate but to remain mixed by geography and end-use market. we anticipate sales volume growth to continue in packaging coatings due to the ongoing industry conversion to bpa non-intent interior can coatings. additionally, we expect the increased transportation and logistic costs experienced during the fourth quarter 2016 to meet increasing customer demand levels in asia pacific to continue during the first quarter 2017. looking ahead, we anticipate metokote acquisition-related sales to add approximately $50 million in the first quarter 2017. additionally, based on mid-january exchange rates, we expect foreign currency translation on segment net sales and income to be a similar headwind as experienced in the fourth quarter 2016.
glass december 31,   $ change                                                                        % change
● absence of net sales from divested business (7%)
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $5 million (1%)
fiber glass sales volumes were flat as weaker u.s. volumes were offset by stronger european volumes. the october 1, 2016 sale of the european fiber glass business negatively impacted net sales by approximately 7%.
segment income increased $15 million (+39%) primarily due to improved manufacturing performance and strong cost-management efforts, including business restructuring benefits, and despite the absence of fourth quarter 2016 income related to the divested european fiber glass business and asia fiber glass joint ventures.
partially offset by:
fiber glass sales volumes increased a low-single-digit percentage in the u.s. market. selling prices improved modestly year-over-year in the u.s. and europe.
segment income increased $3 million (+9%) due to higher selling prices and higher volumes and despite the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation. segment income was also unfavorably impacted by higher pension costs.
looking ahead in the first quarter of 2017, we expect a similar industry demand environment and consistent ppg sales sequentially due to normal business seasonality. year-over-year comparisons in 2017 will continue to reflect the absence of sales and income from the divested european fiber glass business and two asian fiber glass joint ventures until their one-year anniversaries in the fourth quarter 2017. we do not anticipate any significant impact from foreign currency translation.
review and outlook during 2016, economic conditions remained mixed by geography and end-use market. despite a subdued and uneven economic backdrop, ppg's aggregate sales volumes grew modestly versus the prior year. acquisition-related sales from the six acquisitions completed in 2015 and the two completed in 2016 contributed to net sales growth year-over-year. these net sales increases were offset by significant unfavorable foreign currency translation as the u.s. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies throughout the year, primarily the mexican peso, the british pound, and the chinese yuan.
u.s. and canada during 2016, the pace of economic activity remained mixed by end-use market in the u.s. and canada region, with contraction in industrial production, including lower automotive industry builds versus prior year, coupled with growth in other end-use markets. demand increased in the residential and commercial construction markets albeit at a slower pace versus 2015. new home starts advanced about 5% in 2016 versus approximately 10% in 2015 with similar growth rate declines experienced in residential remodeling and commercial construction. ppg's packaging coatings business continued to expand well ahead of the industry end-use market growth due to continued strong sales growth momentum related to customer adoption of ppg's new interior can coatings technologies. the refinish coatings business benefited from higher miles driven aided by continued low gasoline prices. ppg's automotive oem business lagged industry demand levels due to a customer-driven market-share shift away from ppg that was offset in other regions of the world. the u.s. and canada region remained ppg's largest, representing approximately 45% of 2016 sales, consistent with the prior year.
emea european economic activity continued to strengthen modestly in 2016 despite regional uncertainty due to the united kingdom's vote to exit the european union. overall gdp and industrial production improved modestly in the region but at a slower pace versus 2015. regional demand continued to be mixed by country and end-use market. ppg experienced sales volume growth in each 2016 quarter, with the first half of the year growing faster than the second half due, in part, to a comparison to more robust growth in the second half of 2015. demand for ppg's products in several end-use markets drove the regional growth rate, including above market performance in automotive oem and general industrial coatings.
europe, middle east, africa (emea) remains a large region for ppg, representing approximately 30% of ppg's 2016 sales, similar to prior year levels. regional coatings volumes remain approximately 16% below their pre-recession levels in 2008. the modest volume recovery reflects the slow pace of economic growth in the region. ppg expects continued volume growth over time at attractive incremental margins due to significant cost structure improvements and available capacity to satisfy additional demand. the euro and other regional currencies were relatively stable throughout the first half of 2016. in the second half of the year, the british pound declined meaningfully versus the u.s. dollar due to the economic uncertainty surrounding the vote to exit the european union. in addition, the euro experienced a moderate decline versus the u.s. dollar after the american presidential election in november.
asia pacific and latin america the emerging regional markets of asia pacific and latin america represented 25% of ppg's 2016 sales in aggregate, in line with the prior year, which increased from 22% in 2014 primarily due to the comex acquisition in mexico.
asia remained the largest emerging region, with sales of approximately $2.4 billion, led by china which continued as ppg's second largest country by revenue. sales volume growth in asia was led by the industrial coatings segment, in part due to strong automotive industry build growth, general industrial growth and continued adoption of ppg's interior can coatings technologies within the packaging industry. these increases were partially offset by the continued demand decline in the marine shipbuilding industry.
overall, demand in latin america remained subdued, with continued above market growth in mexico and central america, offset by slow overall demand growth in south america, primarily brazil. in mexico, the ppg-comex business added over 200 new retail outlets, and automotive industry production accelerated in the second half of the year due to the opening of new automotive assembly plants within the country. sales volumes continued to increase year-over-year, despite significant unfavorable foreign currency translation, principally from the mexican peso. in central america, the company continued to grow organically following a 2015 acquisition to expand its presence in the architectural end-use market.
regional outlook looking ahead to 2017, we expect to continue to operate in an evolving macroeconomic and regulatory environment. we anticipate improved momentum in overall global economic growth, including gradually higher growth rates in developed regions and continuing but uneven growth in emerging regions. we expect economic growth rates to improve in the u.s. and canada and latin america regions led by underlying improvements in gdp and industrial production. we anticipate ppg's u.s. and canada regional growth will be led by industrial and packaging coatings partially offset by a decline in automotive industry builds. we continue to expect growth in the housing and commercial construction markets but at a slower pace than 2016. in latin america, we anticipate economic expansion will be led by mexico, albeit at a slower pace than 2016, and for south america to return to flat or slightly positive year-over-year growth following a multi-year contraction in economic output.
we expect growth rates to expand versus prior year in emea and asia pacific. in europe, economic growth rates will remain mixed by sub-region and country. favorable end-use market trends are expected to continue, particularly in automotive oem coatings as industry build growth rates are anticipated to remain positive. in asia pacific, we expect continued industrial production growth in china as well as gains in southeast asia and india. automotive build growth is expected to remain positive, but at a more modest growth rate versus 2016.
26 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k significant other factors during 2016, ppg finalized the divestiture of its flat glass and european fiber glass businesses as well as the sale of other businesses and business affiliates. the company received total cash proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from these transactions.
in december 2016, ppg initiated a $197 million global restructuring program, with anticipated annual savings of approximately $125 million once fully implemented. the expected cost savings are broadly spread across all regions and all business units. the company expects to achieve $40 million to $50 million in savings in 2017 with the remainder of the projected annual savings to be substantially realized by year-end 2018. the company finalized all actions related to its 2015 restructuring program, achieving approximately $60 million of incremental savings during 2016. ppg will continue to aggressively manage the company's cost structure to ensure alignment with the overall demand environment, and make adjustments as required to remain competitive in the marketplace.
raw materials are a significant input cost to the process of manufacturing coatings. ppg typically experiences fluctuating prices for energy and raw materials driven by various factors, including changes in supplier feedstock costs and inventories, global industry activity levels, foreign currency exchange rates, and global supply and demand factors. in aggregate, average raw material costs were lower in 2016 versus 2015, with certain raw materials experiencing price inflation late in the year. these savings were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency transaction costs as some key raw materials are traded in u.s. dollars globally. ppg currently expects overall coatings raw material prices to increase modestly in 2017, with impacts varied by region and commodity.
pension and post-retirement benefit costs, excluding settlements, curtailments and special termination benefits, were $120 million in 2016, down approximately $55 million from 2015. in 2017, we expect pension and other postretirement benefit costs to decrease by approximately $15 million to $20 million due to u.s. postretirement medical plan design changes made in 2016.
during 2016, the company took significant steps to reduce financial risk and settle long-term obligations. first, ppg contributed approximately $800 million (pre-tax) to complete its long-standing involvement in the pittsburgh corning bankruptcy by fully funding its obligations to the pittsburgh corning asbestos settlement trust, which included the prepayment of all future obligations at a 5.5% discount. the company has no further obligations for the trust's operation, management, or funding. second, ppg permanently transferred approximately $1.8 billion of its u.s. and canadian pension obligations and assets to several highly rated insurance companies. these actions are expected to reduce volatility in ppg's financial statements related to changes in pension discount rates and assumed participant mortality. as a result of these changes, ppg contributed $146 million to its u.s. pension plans in the second half of 2016 and $29 million in january 2017. in 2016, the company made contributions aggregating $204 million to its u.s. and non-u.s. pension plans. in 2017, mandatory contributions to ppg's non-u.s. pension plans are expected to be between $20 million and $30 million.
in 2016, aggregate selling prices were nearly flat year-over-year, reflecting lower raw material prices which were partly offset by increases in employee-related costs. selective pricing actions are planned for 2017, including announced price increases in architectural coatings company-owned stores in various parts of the world to reflect higher input costs on certain commodities experienced during 2016. in aggregate, the company expects selling prices to remain generally flat in 2017. the company will carefully monitor the price of oil-based raw materials, as the price of oil rose modestly in the later part of 2016, and other significant coatings feedstock prices throughout the year and assess the need to increase selling prices to compensate for increases in raw material costs.
in 2016, unfavorable foreign currency translation reduced sales by approximately $400 million and pre-tax income by about $70 million as the u.s. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies throughout the year, primarily the mexican peso, british pound, and chinese yuan. based on mid-january 2017 exchange rates, the company expects year-over-year unfavorable foreign currency translation to reduce 2017 sales by $375 million to $425 million and 2017 pre-tax income by about $70 million to $90 million. these unfavorable impacts will be greater in the first half of 2017 as the u.s. dollar strengthened significantly versus most foreign currencies in the second half of 2016. the foreign currency environment continues to be volatile and the impact on 2017 net sales and pre-tax income could differ from the guidance. the company generally purchases raw materials, incurs manufacturing costs and sells finished goods in the same currency, so we typically incur only modest foreign currency transaction costs.
the company expects interest expense, net of interest income, in 2017 to be approximately $5 million to $10 million higher than 2016 due to a $110 million increase in ppg's outstanding debt obligations, despite a lower overall interest rate on it's aggregate debt portfolio. in the fourth quarter of 2016, ppg issued approximately €900 million of public notes at rates below 1% with terms ranging from three to nine years.
the company's 2017 effective tax rate from continuing operations is expected to be in the range of 24.5% and 25.5%. this is slightly higher than the equivalent rate in 2016 primarily due to a shift in the mix of earnings to jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates. other factors may impact the expected 2017 effective tax rate positively or negatively throughout the year, including changes to various statutory tax rates and regulations around the world.
over the past five years, the company used $3.6 billion of cash to repurchase about 39 million shares of ppg stock including over $1.0 billion in 2016. the company ended the year with approximately $1.9 billion remaining under its current share repurchase authorization. during 2016, the company deployed approximately $350 million for acquisitions and approximately $415 million for dividends. ppg increased its annual per-share dividend by 11% in 2016, marking the 45th annual increase and the 117th consecutive year of dividend payments. the company achieved the top end of its 2015 and 2016 cash deployment target for acquisitions and share
in january 2017, the company announced a new cash deployment target for acquisitions and share repurchases of between $2.5 billion and $3.5 billion for the years 2017 and 2018 combined. ppg ended 2016 with approximately $1.9 billion in cash and short term investments, including the benefit of $1 billion of total proceeds from the business divestitures completed in late 2016. the company expects continued strong free cash generation in 2017.
note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k describes the company's recently adopted accounting pronouncements.
accounting standards to be adopted in future years note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k describes accounting pronouncements that have been promulgated prior to december 31, 2016 but are not effective until a future date.
commitments and contingent liabilities, including environmental matters ppg is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, including some that it has asserted against others, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. see item 3, "legal proceedings" and note 13, "commitments and contingent liabilities," under item 8 of this form 10-k for a description of certain of these lawsuits.
as discussed in item 3 and note 13, although the result of any future litigation of such lawsuits and claims is inherently unpredictable, management believes that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all lawsuits and claims involving ppg, including asbestos-related claims, will not have a material effect on ppg's consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized.
it is ppg's policy to accrue expenses for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. reserves for environmental contingencies are exclusive of claims against third parties and are generally not discounted. in management's opinion, the company operates in an environmentally sound manner and the outcome of the company's environmental contingencies will not have a material effect on ppg's financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. management anticipates that the resolution of the company's environmental contingencies will occur over an extended period of time.
the company continues to analyze, assess and remediate the environmental issues associated with ppg's former chromium manufacturing plant in jersey city, n.j. and associated sites ("new jersey chrome"). information will continue to be generated from the ongoing groundwater remedial investigation activities related to new jersey chrome and will be incorporated into a final draft remedial action work plan for groundwater expected to be submitted to the new jersey department of environmental protection no later than 2020.
there are multiple, future events yet to occur, including further remedy selection and design, remedy implementation and execution and applicable governmental agency or community organization approvals. considerable uncertainty exists regarding the timing of these future events for the new jersey chrome sites. final resolution of these events is expected to occur over the next several years. as these events occur and to the extent that the cost estimates of the environmental remediation remedies change, the existing reserve for this environmental remediation matter will be adjusted.
liquidity and capital resources during the past three years, ppg has had sufficient financial resources to meet its operating requirements, to fund our capital spending, including acquisitions, share repurchases and pension plans and to pay increasing dividends to shareholders.
summary cash flow information - continuing operations
($ in millions, except percentages)                                          december 31,                            % change
cash from operating activities                 $1,241       $1,735          $1,718           (28.5   )%          1.0   %
cash from operating activities - continuing operations the decrease in cash from operating activities - continuing operations in 2016 compared to 2015, was primarily due to fully funding ppg's portion of the pittsburgh corning asbestos trust (the "trust") in 2016. the slight increase in cash from continuing operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven by higher income from continuing operations, largely offset by higher cash contributions to pension plans.
operating working capital operating working capital is a subset of total working capital and represents (1) receivables from customers, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, (2) inventories, and (3) trade liabilities. see note 3, "working capital detail" under item 8 of this form 10-k for further information related to the components of the company's operating working capital. we believe operating working capital represents the key components of working capital under the operating control of our businesses. operating working capital at december 31, 2016 and 2015 was $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively.
28 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k a key metric we use to measure our working capital management is operating working capital as a percentage of sales (fourth quarter sales annualized).
operating working capital                    $2,050              $2,260
operating working capital as % of sales        14.7   %            15.9   %
operating working capital at december 31, 2016 decreased $210 million compared with the prior year. trade receivables from customers, net, as a percentage of 2016 fourth quarter sales, annualized, was 16.6%, up slightly from 16.5% for 2015. days sales outstanding was 54 days in 2016, up 2 days from 2015. inventories on a fifo basis as a percentage of 2016 fourth quarter sales, annualized, was 11.9% compared to 12.7% in 2015. inventory turnover was 4.6 times in 2016 and 4.4 times in 2015.
environmental cash expenditures cash outlays related to environmental remediation activities were $47 million, $109 million, and $165 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect cash outlays for environmental remediation activities in 2017 to be between $50 million and $70 million.
defined benefit pension plan contributions
u.s. defined benefit pension contributions      $146          $234          $2
non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans           $58           $39         $39
following the transfer of certain u.s. retiree obligations and assets to third party insurers, ppg contributed $146 million and $29 million to its u.s. plans during 2016 and in january 2017, respectively. some contributions to ppg's non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans in 2016 were required by local funding requirements. ppg expects to make mandatory contributions to its non-u.s. plans in the range of $20 million to $30 million in 2017. ppg may make voluntary contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2017 and beyond.
asbestos settlement trust funding in june 2016, ppg fully funded its portion of the trust that was established by the u.s. bankruptcy court for the western district of pennsylvania in may 2016. ppg's total cash obligations to fund the trust totaled $813 million (pre-tax). the obligations included cash funding of $506 million (pre-tax) and the transfer of about 2.78 million shares of ppg common stock, which were hedged at approximately $22 per share. cash paid to settle the derivative instrument totaled $49 million. these shares were already included in the company's outstanding diluted share count. lastly, ppg relinquished any claim to its equity interest in pittsburgh corning and conveyed to the trust its ownership interest in pittsburgh corning's european subsidiary. in addition to the initial funding obligation, the company exercised an option to prepay all future cash obligations, totaling a net of $258 million (pre-tax), including a 5.5% prepayment discount of $61 million. all payments were applied against a previously established ppg reserve for the total asbestos trust obligation. the company utilized cash on hand for the payments, and this funding had no impact on ppg's previously stated cash-deployment targets. refer to note 13, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 1 of this form 10-q for additional information.
cash used for investing activities - continuing operations capital expenditures, including business acquisitions
($ in millions, except percentages)                                                         december 31,                            % change
capital expenditures (1)                                          $402          $454            $564        (11.5   )%        (19.5   )%
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired (2)                   $349          $320          $2,113          9.1   %         (84.9   )%
total capital expenditures, including acquisitions                $751          $774          $2,677         (3.0   )%        (71.1   )%
capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions as a % of sales       2.7   %       3.1   %         3.8   %    (12.9   )%        (18.4   )%
(1)   includes modernization and productivity improvements, expansion of existing businesses and environmental control projects.
(2)   excluding cash acquired, business acquisitions totaled $362 million, $440 million, and $2,183 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
capital expenditures related to modernization and productivity improvements, expansion of existing businesses and environmental control projects is expected to be in the range of 2.5% to 3.0% of sales during 2017.
a primary focus for the company in 2017 will continue to be cash deployment focused on profitable income growth, including pursuing opportunities for additional strategic acquisitions.
in 2016, the company acquired metokote and several other smaller companies. the total cost of the 2016 acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $349 million.
in 2015, the company spent $320 million, net of cash acquired, to make several strategic bolt-on business acquisitions. ppg also acquired approximately $40 million of third party debt.
in november 2014, the company acquired comex, an architectural coatings company with headquarters in mexico city, mexico. in 2014, ppg also completed the acquisition of several smaller companies. the total cost of the 2014 acquisitions, including acquired debt repaid, was $2,427 million, net of cash acquired.
cash proceeds from divestitures during 2016, ppg finalized the sale of its flat glass business and several other businesses and business affiliates. the company received total cash proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from the following business divestitures.
on october 1, 2016, ppg sold the assets and liabilities of its flat glass manufacturing and glass coatings operations to vitro s.a.b. de c.v. ppg received approximately $740 million in cash proceeds. ppg reported the assets and liabilities of the flat glass business as "assets held for sale" and "liabilities held for sale" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2015 and the results of operations of the flat glass business as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for all periods presented.
on october 1, 2016, ppg sold its european fiber glass operations to glass manufacturer nippon electric glass co. ltd. manufacturing facilities in hoogezand, netherlands, and wigan, england, and a research and development facility in hoogezand were included in the transaction. the european fiber glass business manufactures reinforcement materials for thermoset and thermoplastic composite applications for the transportation, energy, infrastructure and consumer markets.
in april 2016, ppg sold its minority ownership interest in pittsburgh glass works llc ("pgw") to lkq corporation concurrent with the majority partner's sale of its ownership interest.
in march 2014, ppg received $1.735 billion in cash proceeds for the sale of its 51% ownership interest in its transitions optical joint venture and 100% of its optical sunlens business to essilor.
($ in millions, except number of shares)                                december 31,
number of shares repurchased (millions)         10.7           7.0           7.6
cost of shares repurchased                    $1,050          $751          $750
we anticipate completing additional share repurchases during 2017. the company has approximately $1.9 billion remaining under the current authorization from the board of directors, which was approved in 2016. the current authorized repurchase program has no expiration date.
ppg has paid uninterrupted annual dividends since 1899, and 2016 marked the 45th consecutive year of increased annual per-share dividend payments to shareholders. the company raised its per-share dividend by 11% to $0.40 per share in april 2016.
in november 2016, ppg completed a public offering of €300 million 0.000% notes due 2019 and €600 million 0.875% notes due 2025 (together, the "notes"). these notes were issued pursuant to ppg's existing shelf registration statement. the aggregate cash proceeds from the notes, net of discounts and fees, was $987 million. the proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowings and for general corporate purposes. the notes are denominated in euro and have been designated as hedges of net investments in the company's european operations.
in march 2015, ppg completed a public offering of €600 million 0.875% notes due 2022 and €600 million 1.400% notes due 2027. these notes were issued pursuant to ppg's existing shelf registration statement. the aggregate cash proceeds from the notes, net of discounts and fees, was approximately $1.24 billion.  the proceeds were used to repay outstanding borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
in december 2014, ppg completed a debt refinancing which involved paying approximately $1.7 billion to redeem public notes which was funded by cash on hand and cash proceeds of approximately $1.2 billion from several debt issuances described below.
in november 2014, ppg completed a public offering of $300 million in principal amount of its 2.30% notes due 2019. these notes were issued pursuant to ppg's existing shelf registration statement. also in november 2014, ppg entered into three euro-denominated borrowings as follows:
the ratio of total debt, including capital leases, to total debt and equity was 47% at december 31, 2016 up from 46% in 2015.
credit agreements and lines of credit in december 2015, ppg entered into a five-year credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with several banks and financial institutions as further discussed in note 8, "borrowings and lines of credit" under item 8 of this form 10-k. the credit agreement replaced the company's existing five year credit agreement dated as of september 12, 2012. the credit agreement provides for a $1.8 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. the credit agreement will terminate on december 18, 2020. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, there were no borrowings outstanding under the existing or the prior credit agreement.
in addition to the amounts available under the lines of credit, the company has an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec pursuant to which it may issue, offer and sell from time to time on a continuous or delayed basis any combination of securities in one or more offerings.
see note 8, "borrowings and lines of credit," under item 8 of this form 10-k for information regarding notes entered entered into and repaid as well as details regarding the use and availability of committed and uncommitted lines of credit, letters of credit, guarantees and debt covenants.
30 2016 ppg annual report and form 10-k contractual obligations we continue to believe that our cash on hand and short term investments, cash from operations and the company's available debt capacity will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital spending, including acquisitions, dividend payments, debt service, share repurchases, contributions to pension plans, and ppg's significant contractual obligations. these significant contractual obligations are presented in the following table.
capital lease obligations                        18                      4                   6                     3                     5
operating leases                                854                    200                 295                   159                   200
(2)   includes the high end of the range of the expected mandatory pension contributions for 2017 only, as ppg is unable to estimate the pension contributions beyond 2017. also includes $29 million of contributions made to ppg's u.s. plans in january 2017, following the transfer of u.s. retiree obligations and assets to third party insurers.
(3)   the unconditional purchase commitments are principally take-or-pay obligations related to the purchase of certain materials, including industrial gases and electricity, consistent with customary industry practice.
other liquidity matters at december 31, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions, including an accrual of related interest and penalties along with positions only impacting the timing of tax benefits, was $103 million. the timing of payments will depend on the progress of examinations with tax authorities. ppg does not expect a significant tax payment related to these obligations within the next year. the company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when any significant cash settlements with taxing authorities may occur.
the company had $5.3 billion of undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries as of december 31, 2016 and $5.0 billion as of december 31, 2015.  these amounts relate to approximately 250 subsidiaries in more than 75 taxable jurisdictions. over the past several years, ppg has established deferred tax liabilities on specific undistributed earnings, namely in connection with divestitures and the funding of the trust. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, the expected future tax cost to repatriate these foreign earnings which are not permanently reinvested totaled $189 million and $158 million, respectively. no significant deferred u.s. income taxes have been provided on the remaining $3.5 billion and $4.2 billion of ppg's undistributed earnings as they are considered to be reinvested for an indefinite period of time or will be repatriated when it is tax effective to do so. the company estimates repatriation of undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 would have resulted in a u.s. tax cost of approximately $350 million and $375 million, respectively.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company's off-balance sheet arrangements include the operating leases and unconditional purchase commitments disclosed in the "liquidity and capital resources" section in the contractual obligations table as well as letters of credit and guarantees as discussed in note 8, "borrowings and lines of credit," under item 8 of this form 10-k.
critical accounting estimates management has evaluated the accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements and related notes presented under item 8 of this form 10-k and believes those policies to be reasonable and appropriate. we believe that the most critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of our financial statements are those related to accounting for contingencies, under which we accrue a loss when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and to accounting for pensions, other postretirement benefits, business combinations, goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives because of the importance of management judgment in making the estimates necessary to apply these policies.
contingencies contingencies, by their nature, relate to uncertainties that require management to exercise judgment both in assessing the likelihood that a liability has been incurred as well as in estimating the amount of potential loss. the most important contingencies impacting our financial statements are those related to the collectability of accounts receivable, to environmental remediation, to pending, impending or overtly threatened litigation against the company and to the resolution of matters related to open tax years. for more information on these matters, see note 3, "working capital detail," note 11, "income taxes" and note 13, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 8 of this form 10-k.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefits involves estimating the cost of benefits to be provided well into the future and attributing that cost over the time period each employee works. to accomplish this, we make extensive use of assumptions about inflation, investment returns, mortality, turnover, medical costs and discount rates. the company has established a process by which management reviews and selects these assumptions annually. see note 12, "employee benefit plans," under item 8 for information on these plans and the assumptions used.
business combinations in accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations, the company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. the excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized as goodwill. the valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. in addition to using
management estimates and negotiated amounts, the company uses a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and liabilities including: third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; third-party actuaries for the estimated obligations of defined benefit pension plans and similar benefit obligations; and legal counsel or other experts to assess the obligations associated with legal, environmental and other contingent liabilities. the business and technical judgment of management was used in determining which intangible assets have indefinite lives and in determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets.
goodwill and intangible assets the company tests indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of a reporting unit or asset is less than its carrying amount. fair values under the quantitative test are estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies that are based on projections of the amounts and timing of future revenues and cash flows. for more information on these matters, see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k.
we believe that the amounts recorded in the financial statements under item 8 of this form 10-k related to these contingencies, pensions, other postretirement benefits, business combinations, goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are based on the best estimates and judgments of the appropriate ppg management, although actual outcomes could differ from our estimates.
currency comparing exchange rates from december 31, 2015 to december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2014 to december 31, 2015, the u.s. dollar strengthened against the currencies in most countries in which ppg operates, most notably the mexican peso, british pound, chinese yuan and euro. as a result, consolidated net assets at december 31, 2016 and 2015 decreased by approximately $465 million and $705 million, respectively.
comparing exchange rates during 2016 to those of 2015, in the countries in which ppg operates, the u.s. dollar was stronger overall, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately $70 million on full year 2016 income before income taxes from the translation of this foreign income into u.s. dollars.
comparing exchange rates during 2015 to those of 2014, in the countries in which ppg operates, the u.s. dollar was stronger overall, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately $120 million on full year 2015 income before income taxes from the translation of this foreign income into u.s. dollars.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. management's discussion and analysis and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
you can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to current or historic facts. forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the words "aim," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project," "outlook," "forecast" and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports to the securities and exchange commission. also, note the following cautionary statements.
many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's forward-looking statements. such factors include global economic conditions, increasing price and product competition by foreign and domestic competitors, fluctuations in cost and availability of raw materials, our ability to maintain favorable supplier relationships and arrangements, the timing of and the realization of anticipated cost savings from restructuring initiatives, difficulties in integrating acquired businesses and achieving expected synergies therefrom, economic and political conditions in the markets we serve, ability to penetrate existing, developing and emerging foreign and domestic markets, foreign exchange rates and fluctuations in such rates, fluctuations in tax rates, the impact of future legislation, the impact of environmental regulations, unexpected business disruptions and the unpredictability of existing and possible future litigation. however, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
consequently, while the list of factors presented here and under item 1a is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements.
consequences of material differences in the results compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, lower sales or earnings, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties, other factors set forth in item 1a of this form 10-k and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.