item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
risks relating to economic and market conditions market fluctuations and general economic and market conditions may adversely affect our business and profitability.
our businesses and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and by economic conditions generally.
even under relatively favorable market conditions, our insurance, annuity and investment products, as well as our investment returns and our access to and cost of financing, are sensitive to fixed income, equity, real estate and other market fluctuations and general economic, market and political conditions. these fluctuations and conditions could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity, including in the following respects:
•   the profitability of many of our insurance and annuity products depends in part on the value of the separate accounts supporting these products, which can fluctuate substantially depending on the foregoing conditions.
•   market conditions resulting in reductions in the value of assets we manage or lower transaction volume have an adverse effect on the revenues and profitability of our asset management business, which depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management or transaction volume, and could decrease the value of our strategic investments.
•   a change in market conditions, such as high inflation and high interest rates, could cause a change in consumer sentiment and behavior adversely affecting sales and persistency of our savings and protection products. conversely, low inflation and low interest rates could cause persistency of these products to vary from that anticipated and adversely affect profitability (as further described below). similarly, changing economic conditions and unfavorable public perception of financial institutions can influence customer behavior, including increasing claims or surrenders in certain product lines.
•   sales of our investment-based and asset management products and services may decline, and lapses and surrenders of certain insurance products and withdrawals of assets from investment products may increase if a market downturn, increased market volatility or other market conditions result in customers becoming dissatisfied with their investments or products.
•   a market decline could further result in guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products being higher than current account values or our pricing assumptions would support, requiring us to materially increase reserves for such products, and may cause customers to retain contracts in force in order to benefit from the guarantees, thereby increasing their cost to us. any increased cost may or may not be offset by the favorable impact of greater persistency from prolonged fee streams. our valuation of the liabilities for the minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products requires us to consider the market perception of our risk of non-performance, and a decrease in our own credit spreads resulting from ratings upgrades or other events or market conditions could cause the recorded value of these liabilities to increase, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position.
•   market conditions determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we purchase. accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms which could adversely affect the profitability of future business or our willingness to write future business.
•   derivative instruments we hold to hedge and manage foreign exchange risk, interest rate and equity risks associated with our products and businesses, and other risks might not perform as intended or expected resulting in higher realized losses and unforeseen stresses on liquidity. market conditions can limit availability of hedging instruments, require us to post additional collateral, and also further increase the cost of executing product related hedges and such costs may not be recovered in the pricing of the underlying products being hedged. our derivative-based hedging strategies also rely on the performance of counterparties to such derivatives. these counterparties may fail to perform for various reasons resulting in losses on uncollateralized positions.
•   we have significant investment and derivative portfolios, including but not limited to corporate and asset-backed securities, foreign government securities (primarily those of the japanese government), equities and commercial real estate. economic conditions as well as adverse capital market conditions, including a lack of buyers in the marketplace, volatility, credit spread changes, benchmark interest rate changes, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and declines in value of underlying collateral may impact the credit quality, liquidity and value of our investments and derivatives, potentially resulting in higher capital charges and unrealized or realized losses. valuations may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period to period changes which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
•   opportunities for investment of available funds at appropriate returns may be limited, including due to the current low interest rate environment, a diminished securitization market or other factors, with possible negative impacts on our overall results. limited opportunities for attractive investments may lead to holding cash for long periods of time and increased use of derivatives for duration management and other portfolio management purposes. the increased use of derivatives may increase the volatility of our u.s. gaap results and our statutory capital.
•   regardless of market conditions, certain investments we hold, including private bonds, commercial mortgages and alternative asset classes (such as private equity, hedge funds and real estate) are relatively illiquid. if we needed to sell these investments, we may have difficulty doing so in a timely manner at a price that we could otherwise realize.
•   certain features of our products and components of investment strategies depend on active and liquid markets, and, if market liquidity is strained or the capacity of the financial markets to absorb our transactions is inadequate, these products may not perform as intended.
•   fluctuations in our operating results as well as realized gains and losses on our investment and derivative portfolios may impact the company's tax profile and its ability to optimally utilize tax attributes.
•   disruptions in individual market sectors within our investment portfolio could result in significant realized and unrealized losses. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-general account investments-general account investments of pfi excluding closed block division" for a discussion of our exposure to certain market sectors.
our investments, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by developments in the global economy, in the u.s. economy (including as a result of actions by the federal reserve with respect to monetary policy, and adverse political developments), and in the japanese economy (including due to the effects of inflation or deflation, interest rate volatility, changes in the japan sovereign credit rating, and material changes in the value of the japanese yen relative to the u.s. dollar). global, u.s. or japanese economic activity and financial markets may in turn be negatively affected by adverse developments or conditions in specific geographical regions.
interest rate fluctuations or prolonged periods of low interest rates could adversely affect our businesses and profitability and require us to increase reserves or statutory capital and subject us to additional collateral posting requirements.
our insurance and annuity products and certain of our investment products, and our investment returns, are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations, and changes in interest rates could adversely affect our investment returns and results of operations, including in the following respects:
•   some of our products expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce the spread between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts and the rate of return we are able to earn on our general account investments supporting the contracts. when interest rates decline or remain low, as they have in recent years, we have to invest in lower-yielding instruments, potentially reducing net investment income and constraining our ability to offer certain products. since many of our policies and contracts have guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates or limit the resetting of interest rates, the spreads could decrease or go negative. when interest rates rise, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general account as quickly with the higher-yielding assets needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep these products and contracts competitive. in addition, rising interest rates could cause a decline in the market value of fixed income assets the company manages which in turn could result in lower asset management fees earned.
•   changes in interest rates can also result in potential losses in our investment activities in which we borrow funds and purchase investments to earn additional spread income on the borrowed funds.
•   when interest rates rise, policy loans and surrenders and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity contracts may increase as policyholders seek to buy products with perceived higher returns, requiring us to sell investment assets potentially resulting in realized investment losses, or requiring us to accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs ("dac"), deferred sales inducements ("dsi") or value of business acquired ("voba"). in addition, increasing interest rates could cause capital strain due to lower solvency margin levels of our japanese insurance subsidiaries because the carrying value of bonds classified as available-for-sale would decline while the carrying value of liabilities would generally remain unchanged. also, an increase in interest rates accompanied by unexpected extensions of certain lower-yielding investments could reduce our profitability.
•   changes in interest rates could subject us to increased collateral posting requirements related to hedging activities associated with some of our products.
•   changes in interest rates coupled with greater than expected client withdrawals for certain products can result in increased costs associated with our guarantees.
•   changes in interest rates could increase our costs of financing.
•   our mitigation efforts with respect to interest rate risk are primarily focused on maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a key rate duration profile that is approximately equal to the key rate duration profile of our estimated liability cash flow profile; however, this estimate of the liability cash flow profile is complex and could turn out to be inaccurate, especially when markets are volatile. in addition, there are practical and capital market limitations on our ability to accomplish this matching. due to these and other factors we may need to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to satisfy liabilities or be forced to reinvest funds in a lower rate environment. although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to effectively mitigate, and we may sometimes choose based on economic considerations and other factors not to fully mitigate, the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities.
•   for certain of our products, a delay between the time we make changes in interest rate and other assumptions used for product pricing and the time we are able to reflect these assumptions in products available-for-sale could negatively impact the long-term profitability of products sold during the intervening period.
recent periods have been characterized by low interest rates. a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those anticipated in our pricing may result in greater costs associated with certain of our product features which guarantee death benefits or income streams for stated periods or for life; higher costs for derivative instruments used to hedge certain of our product risks; or shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting policy obligations, each of which may require us to record charges to increase reserves. in addition to compressing spreads and reducing net investment income, such an environment may cause policies to remain in force for longer periods than we anticipated in our pricing, potentially resulting in greater claims costs than we expected and resulting in lower overall returns on business in force. reflecting these impacts in recoverability and loss recognition testing under u.s. gaap may require us to accelerate the amortization of dac, dsi or voba as noted above, as well as to increase required reserves for future policyholder benefits. in addition, certain statutory capital and reserve requirements are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates, and a period of declining or low interest rates may increase the statutory capital we are required to hold as well as the amount of assets we must maintain to support statutory reserves.
adverse capital market conditions could significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, our access to capital and our cost of capital, including capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. under such conditions, we may seek additional debt or equity capital but may be unable to obtain it.
adverse capital market conditions could affect the availability and cost of borrowed funds and could impact our ability to refinance existing borrowings, thereby ultimately impacting our profitability and ability to support or grow our businesses. we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest and maturities on our debt and dividends on our capital stock. during times of market stress, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and some of our alternative sources of liquidity, such as commercial paper issuance, securities lending and repurchase arrangements and other forms of borrowings in the capital markets, may be unavailable to us.
disruptions, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets may force us to delay raising capital, issue shorter tenor securities than would be optimal, bear an unattractive cost of capital or be unable to raise capital at any price, which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility.
we may seek additional debt or equity financing to satisfy our needs; however, the availability of additional financing depends on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the availability of credit, and our credit ratings and credit capacity. we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. actions we might take to access financing may in turn cause rating agencies to reevaluate our ratings. further, any future equity offerings would dilute the ownership interest of existing shareholders.
disruptions in the capital markets could adversely affect our ability to access sources of liquidity, as well as threaten to reduce our capital below a level that is consistent with our existing ratings objectives. therefore, we may need to take actions, which may include but are not limited to: (1) access contingent sources of capital and liquidity available through our capital protection framework; (2) further access other external sources of capital, including the debt or equity markets; (3) reduce or eliminate future share repurchases or shareholder dividends; (4) undertake additional capital management activities, including reinsurance transactions; (5) limit or curtail sales of certain products and/or restructure existing products; (6) undertake further asset sales or internal asset transfers; (7) seek temporary or permanent changes to regulatory rules; and (8) maintain greater levels of cash balances or for longer periods thereby reducing investment returns. certain of these actions may require regulatory approval and/or agreement of counterparties which are outside of our control or have economic costs associated with them.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our profitability, financial condition and cash flows, as well as increase the volatility of our results of operations under u.s. gaap.
as a u.s.-based company with significant business operations outside the u.s., particularly in japan, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks that could reduce the u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings and equity of these operations. we enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge the future income of certain of our international subsidiaries. further, our japanese subsidiaries hold u.s. dollar-denominated assets as a way for us to mitigate the effect of fluctuations in the yen exchange rate on our u.s. dollar-equivalent equity in these subsidiaries. we seek to mitigate volatility in the local solvency margins of our japanese subsidiaries due to holding these u.s. dollar-denominated investments by entering into inter-company currency derivatives. conversely, a significant strengthening of the yen could adversely impact the value of our hedges and u.s. dollar-denominated investments held in our japanese subsidiaries and could result in additional liquidity or capital needs for our international insurance operations. further currency fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition as a result of these derivative positions or due to foreign income or equity investments that are not hedged.
we hold investments denominated in foreign currencies in the general account of our domestic insurance subsidiaries. we generally seek to hedge this foreign currency exposure but there is no assurance that we will fully hedge this exposure or that such hedges will be effective. the value and liquidity of our foreign currency investments could be adversely affected by local market, economic and financial conditions. for example, our investments denominated in euro could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions in europe, including due to potential changes in the euro or to the structure or membership of the european union, and in 2016 we experienced volatility in u.k. and european union related investments as a result of the u.k.'s referendum to exit the european union.
risks relating to estimates, assumptions and valuations our profitability may decline if mortality experience, morbidity experience or policyholder behavior experience differ significantly from our pricing expectations.
we set prices for many of our insurance and annuity products based upon assumptions for mortality rates (the likelihood of death or the likelihood of survival), morbidity rates (the likelihood of sickness or disability), and improvement trends in mortality and morbidity of our policyholders. in addition to the potential effect of natural or man-made disasters, significant changes in mortality or morbidity could emerge gradually over time, due to changes in the natural environment, the health habits of the insured population, treatment patterns and technologies for disease or disability, the economic environment, or other factors. in addition, technological and medical advances may affect how consumers investigate and purchase products, and in the future consumers may be informed by confidential genetic information or mortality projections that are not available to us.
pricing of our insurance and annuity products is also based in part upon policyholder behavior. for example, persistency (the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force) within our annuities business may be significantly impacted by the value of guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products being higher than current account values in light of poor equity market performance or extended periods of low interest rates as well as other factors. persistency could be adversely affected generally by developments affecting client perception of us, including perceptions arising from adverse publicity. many of our products also provide our customers with wide flexibility with respect to the amount and timing of premium deposits and the amount and timing of withdrawals from the policy's value. results may vary based on differences between actual and expected premium deposits and withdrawals for these products, especially if these product features are relatively new to the marketplace. the pricing of certain of our variable annuity products that contain certain living benefit guarantees is also based on assumptions about utilization rates, or the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration, including the timing of the first lifetime income withdrawal. results may vary based on differences between actual and expected benefit utilization. the development of a secondary market for life insurance, including life settlements or "viaticals" and investor owned life insurance, and third-party investor strategies in the annuities business, could adversely affect the profitability of existing business and our pricing assumptions for new business.
although some of our products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life of the policy or contract, the adjustments permitted under the terms of the policies or contracts may not be sufficient to maintain profitability or may cause the policies or contracts to lapse. for example, for our long-term care insurance products, our assumptions for reserves for future policy benefits have factored in an estimate of the timing and amount of anticipated and yet-to-be-filed premium increases which will require state approval. our actual experience obtaining pricing increases could be materially different than what we have assumed, resulting in further policy liability increases which could be material. many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits or limit those adjustments during the life of the policy or contract. even if permitted under the policy or contract, we may not be able or willing to raise premiums or adjust other charges sufficiently, or at all, for regulatory or competitive reasons. accordingly, significant deviations in actual experience from our pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products.
if our reserves for future policyholder benefits and expenses are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserves, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we establish reserves in accordance with u.s. gaap for future policyholder benefits and expenses. while these reserves generally exceed our best estimate of the liability for future benefits and expenses, if we conclude based on updated assumptions that our reserves, together with future premiums, are insufficient to cover future policy benefits and expenses, including unamortized dac, dsi or voba, we would need to accelerate the amortization of these dac, dsi or voba balances and then increase our reserves and incur income statement charges, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. the determination of our best estimate of the liability is based on data and models that include many assumptions and projections which are inherently uncertain and involve the exercise of significant judgment, including the levels and timing of receipt or payment of premiums, benefits, expenses, interest credits and investment results (including equity market returns), which depend on actual mortality, morbidity and policyholder behavior. we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that we will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and expenses or whether the assets supporting our policy liabilities, together with future premiums, will be sufficient for payment of benefits and expenses. if we conclude that our reserves, together with future premiums, are insufficient to cover future policy benefits and expenses, we may seek to increase premiums or charges where we are able to do so. updated assumptions may also require us to increase u.s. gaap reserves for the guarantees in certain long-duration contracts.
for certain of our products, market performance and interest rates (as well as the regulatory environment, as discussed further below) impact the level of statutory reserves and statutory capital we are required to hold, and may have an adverse effect on profitability and returns on capital associated with these products.
we may be required to accelerate the amortization of dac, dsi or voba, or recognize impairment in the value of certain investments, or be required to establish a valuation allowance against deferred income tax assets, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
dac represents the costs that vary with and are directly related to the acquisition of new and renewal insurance and investment contracts, and we amortize these costs over the expected lives of the contracts. dsi represents amounts that are credited to a policyholder's account balance as an inducement to purchase the contract, and we amortize these costs over the expected lives of the contracts. voba is an intangible asset which represents an adjustment to the stated value of acquired inforce insurance contract liabilities to present them at fair value, determined as of the acquisition date. management, on an ongoing basis, tests the dac, dsi and voba recorded on our balance sheet to determine if these amounts are recoverable under current assumptions. in addition, we regularly review the estimates and assumptions underlying dac, dsi and voba for those products for which we amortize dac, dsi and voba in proportion to gross profits or gross margins. given changes in facts and circumstances, these tests and reviews could lead to reductions in dac, dsi and/or voba that could have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and our financial condition. among other things, significant or sustained equity market declines as well as investment losses could result in acceleration of amortization of the dac, dsi and voba related to variable annuity and variable universal life contracts, resulting in a charge to income. as discussed earlier, the amortization of dac, dsi and voba are also sensitive to changes in interest rates.
we have operating equity method investments within our international insurance and asset management segments and corporate and other operations. declines in the fair value of these investments may require that we review the remaining carrying value of these investments for potential impairment, and such review could result in impairments and charges to income.
deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine if they are realizable. factors in management's determination include the performance of the business including the geographic and legal entity source of our income, the ability to generate capital gains from a variety of sources, and tax planning strategies. if based on available information, it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax asset will not be realized then a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to net income. such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
during periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our investment securities if trading becomes less frequent or market data becomes less observable. there may be cases where certain assets in normally active markets with significant observable data become inactive with insufficient observable data due to the current financial environment or market conditions. in addition, the fair value of certain securities may be based on one or more significant unobservable inputs even in ordinary market conditions. as a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods which are more complex. these values may not be ultimately realizable in a market transaction, and such values may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
the decision on whether to record an other-than-temporary impairment or write-down is determined in part by management's assessment of the financial condition and prospects of a particular issuer, projections of future cash flows and recoverability of the particular security. management's conclusions on such assessments are highly judgmental and include assumptions and projections of future cash flows which may ultimately prove to be incorrect as assumptions, facts and circumstances change.
changes in our discount rate, expected rate of return, life expectancy, health care cost and expected compensation increase assumptions for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
we determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, life expectancy of plan participants and expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. changes in these assumptions may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
credit and counterparty risks an inability to access our credit facilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we maintain two committed unsecured revolving credit facilities. we rely on these credit facilities as potential sources of liquidity which could be critical in enabling us to meet our obligations as they come due, particularly during periods when alternative sources of liquidity are limited. our ability to borrow under these facilities is conditioned on our satisfaction of covenants and other requirements, such as maintenance of a prescribed minimum level of consolidated net worth calculated in accordance with the respective agreement. our failure to satisfy these covenants or other requirements would restrict our access to the facilities when needed and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
a downgrade or potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition.
a downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could potentially, among other things, (1) limit our ability to market products or reduce our competitiveness, increase the number or value of policy surrenders and withdrawals, (2) increase our borrowing costs and potentially make it more difficult to borrow funds and adversely affect the availability of financial guarantees, such as letters of credit, (3) limit our ability to obtain collateralized loans from the federal home loan bank of new york that can be used as alternative sources of liquidity as described in note 14 to our consolidated financial statements, (4) cause additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, including derivatives, and allow counterparties to terminate derivative agreements, (5) require prudential insurance to post a letter of credit in the amount of approximately $1.5 billion as described further under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-ratings" and (6) hurt our relationships with creditors, distributors, reinsurers or trading counterparties thereby potentially negatively affecting our profitability, liquidity and capital.
we cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without advance notice by any rating agency. in addition, a sovereign downgrade could result in a downgrade of our subsidiaries operating in that jurisdiction, and ultimately of prudential financial and our other subsidiaries. for example, in september 2015, s&p downgraded japan's sovereign rating to a+ with a 'stable' outlook citing uncertainties around the strength of economic growth and weak fiscal positions. as a result, s&p subsequently lowered the ratings of a number of institutions in japan, including our japanese insurance subsidiaries. it is possible that japan's sovereign rating could be subject to further downgrades, which would result in further downgrades of our insurance subsidiaries in japan. given the importance of our operations in japan to our overall results, such downgrades could lead to a downgrade of prudential financial and our domestic insurance companies.
losses due to defaults by others, including issuers of investment securities, reinsurers and derivatives counterparties, insolvencies of insurers in jurisdictions where we write business and other factors could adversely affect the value of our investments, the realization of amounts contractually owed to us, result in assessments or additional statutory capital requirements or reduce our profitability or sources of liquidity.
issuers and borrowers whose securities or loans we hold, customers, vendors, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivative contracts, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries and guarantors, including bond insurers, may default on their obligations to us or be unable to perform service functions that are significant to our business due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. such defaults could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we use derivative instruments to hedge various risks, including certain guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products. we enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options, forwards, interest rate, credit default and currency swaps with a number of counterparties. we also enter into reinsurance arrangements as a risk mitigation strategy for our insurance and annuity products. amounts that we expect to collect under current and future derivatives or reinsurance contracts are subject to counterparty risk. our obligations under our products are not changed by our hedging activities or reinsurance arrangements and we are liable for our obligations even if our derivative counterparties or reinsurers do not pay us. such defaults could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, ratings downgrades or financial difficulties of derivative counterparties or reinsurers may require us to utilize additional capital with respect to the impacted businesses.
under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants.
our investment portfolio is subject to risks that could diminish the value of our invested assets and the amount of our investment income, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
we record unrealized gains or losses on securities classified as "available-for-sale" in other comprehensive income (loss), and in turn recognize gains or losses in earnings when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the decline in estimated fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary.
the occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities could cause (i) the market price of fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio to decline, which could cause us to record gross unrealized losses, (ii) earnings on those securities to decline, which could result in lower earnings, and (iii) ultimately defaults, which could result in a charge to earnings. a ratings downgrade affecting issuers or guarantors of particular securities, or similar trends that could worsen the credit quality of our investments could also have a similar effect. in addition, a ratings downgrade affecting a security we hold could indicate the credit quality of that security has deteriorated and could increase the capital we must hold to maintain our rbc and smr levels.
our non-coupon investment portfolio is subject to additional risks. we invest a portion of our investments in hedge funds and private equity funds. the amount and timing of net investment income from such funds tends to be uneven as a result of the performance of the underlying investments. the timing of distributions from such funds, which depends on particular events relating to the underlying investments, as well as the funds' schedules for making distributions and their needs for cash, can be difficult to predict. as a result, the amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. significant volatility could adversely impact returns and net investment income on these investments. in addition, the estimated fair value of such investments may be impacted by downturns or volatility in equity markets. in our real estate portfolio, we are subject to declining prices or cash flows as a result of changes in the supply and demand of leasable space, creditworthiness of tenants and partners and other factors.
certain product related risks guarantees within certain of our products that protect policyholders may decrease our earnings or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position under u.s. gaap.
certain of our products, particularly our variable annuity products, include guarantees of minimum surrender values or income streams for stated periods or for life, which may be in excess of account values. downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, or (as discussed above) reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of liabilities associated with such guarantees, resulting in increases in reserves and reductions in net income. we use a variety of hedging and risk management strategies, including product features, to mitigate these risks in part and we may periodically change our strategies over time. these strategies may, however, not be fully effective. in addition, we may be unable or may choose not to fully hedge these risks. hedging instruments may not effectively offset the costs of guarantees or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. hedging instruments also may not change in value correspondingly with associated liabilities due to equity market or interest rate conditions, non-performance risk or other reasons. we may choose to hedge these risks on a basis that does not correspond to their anticipated or actual impact upon our results of operations or financial position under u.s. gaap. changes from period to period in the valuation of these policy benefits, and in the amount of our obligations effectively hedged, will result in volatility in our results of operations and financial position under u.s. gaap and the statutory capital levels of our insurance subsidiaries. estimates and assumptions we make in connection with hedging activities may fail to reflect or correspond to our actual long-term exposure in respect of our guarantees. further, the risk of increases in the costs of our guarantees not covered by our hedging and other capital and risk management strategies may become more significant due to changes in policyholder behavior driven by market conditions or other factors. the above factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
in addition, the naic has outlined a framework for changing the guidance and rules governing variable annuities, including with regard to reserving, capital, accounting, derivative use limitations and disclosure, which may ultimately impact how we hedge our variable annuity risks and adversely affect our capital, financial position and results of operations. see "business-regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-financial regulation-variable annuities."
we may not be able to mitigate the reserve strain associated with regulation xxx and guideline axxx, potentially resulting in a negative impact on our capital position or in a need to increase prices and/or reduce sales of term or universal life products.
the states of domicile of our domestic insurance subsidiaries have in place a regulation entitled "valuation of life insurance policies," commonly known as "regulation xxx," and a supporting guideline entitled "the application of the valuation of life insurance policies," commonly known as "guideline axxx." the regulation and supporting guideline require insurers to establish statutory reserves for term and universal life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees at a level that exceeds what our actuarial assumptions for this business would otherwise require. we have typically financed the portion of the statutory reserves for this business that we consider to be non-economic through the use of captive reinsurance companies. as of january 1, 2015, we are subject to a new actuarial guideline known as ag 48 that affects the types of assets we can use in captive reinsurance companies to back the reserves we hold for term and universal life products. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-capital-financing activities-term and universal life reserve financing" for a discussion of the impact of ag 48 on our life product reserves and reserve financing.
we expect to have additional financing needs for certain life insurance reserves. however, if we are unsuccessful in obtaining additional financing as a result of market conditions, regulatory changes or otherwise, this could require us to increase prices, reduce our sales of certain life products, or modify certain products, any of which could adversely affect our competitiveness, capital and financial position and results of operations. see "business-regulatory regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-financial regulation-insurance reserves and regulatory capital" for information on the impact of principles based reserving on our universal life products.
we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels.
although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we do maintain relationships with certain key distributors. for example, a significant amount of our sales in japan through banks is derived through a single major japanese bank and a significant portion of our sales in japan through life consultants is derived through a single association relationship. we periodically negotiate the terms of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or such third parties. an interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. distributors may elect to reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. we are also at risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, or that new distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. an increase in bank and broker-dealer consolidation activity could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market products through these channels. consolidation of distributors and/or other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us.
we have a large captive distribution channel, in particular our life consultant network in gibraltar life, and we are subject to the risk that our monitoring and controls will not detect inappropriate sales practices or misconduct by our agents. in addition, when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution despite our training and compliance programs. if our products are distributed in an inappropriate manner, or to customers for whom they are unsuitable, or distributors of our products otherwise engage in misconduct, we may suffer reputational and other harm to our business.
regulatory and legal risks our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision. the purpose of this regulation is primarily to protect our customers and not necessarily our shareholders or debt holders. many of the laws and regulations to which we are subject, including those to which our international businesses are subject, are regularly re-examined, and existing or future laws and regulations may become more restrictive or otherwise adversely affect our operations. the financial market dislocations we have experienced have produced, and are expected to continue to produce, extensive changes in existing laws and regulations, and regulatory frameworks, applicable to our businesses in the u.s. and internationally.
prudential financial, the holding company for all of our operations, is subject to supervision by the frb as a "designated financial company" pursuant to dodd-frank. as a designated financial company, prudential financial is and will be subject to substantial additional regulation as discussed further herein. in addition, the fsb identified prudential financial as a g-sii. , u.s. and japanese financial regulators have also enhanced their regulation of prudential financial to achieve a number of regulatory objectives. this additional regulation has increased our operational, compliance and risk management costs, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, including potentially increasing our capital levels and requiring us to hold additional liquid assets and therefore reducing our return on capital.
in 2015 njdobi became prudential financial's group-wide supervisor pursuant to legislation adopted by the state. we cannot predict what additional standards, including capital requirements, or other costs any new group-wide standards will impose on prudential financial. see "business-regulation-insurance holding company regulation-group-wide supervision."
as a result of an agreement with the ny dfs regarding our reserving methodologies for certain variable annuity and life insurance products, certain of our new york licensed insurance subsidiaries hold additional statutory reserves on a new york basis, which reduces their new york statutory surplus. if we are required to establish material additional reserves on a new york statutory accounting basis or post material amounts of additional collateral with respect to annuity or insurance products, our ability to deploy capital held within our u.s. domestic insurance subsidiaries for other purposes could be affected.
ag 48 may ultimately adversely affect our ability to write certain products and efficiently manage their associated risks and we may need to increase prices and/or reduce sales of certain products, modify certain products or find alternate financing sources, any of which could adversely affect our competitiveness, capital and financial position and results of operations. see "business-regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-captive reinsurance companies" for information on ag 48, and see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-capital-financing activities-term and universal life reserve financing" for a discussion of the impact of ag 48 on our life product reserves and reserve financing.
in november 2015, the naic adopted the variable annuities framework for change, which outlines the naic's commitment to change in concept the statutory framework to address concerns that have led to the development and utilization of captive reinsurance transactions for variable annuity business in order to create more consistency across regulators and remove the impetus for insurers to cede risk to captives. we cannot predict what, if any, changes may result from the variable annuities framework for change, and if applicable insurance laws are changed in a way that impairs our ability to write variable annuities and efficiently manage their associated risks, we may need to increase prices or modify our products, which could also adversely affect our competitiveness, capital and financial position and results of operations. see "business-regulatory regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-financial regulation-variable annuities" for information on the variable annuities framework for change.
other naic or state insurance regulatory actions, such as the adoption of principles-based reserving or changes to rbc calculations, may adversely impact our business from time to time. see "business-regulatory regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-financial regulation-insurance reserves and regulatory capital" for information on principles based reserving, and "business-regulatory regulation-insurance operations-state insurance regulation-financial regulation-risk based capital" for information on potential changes to rbc calculations.
the failure of prudential insurance and our other domestic insurance subsidiaries to meet applicable rbc requirements or minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements could subject those subsidiaries to further examination or corrective action by state insurance regulators. the failure to maintain the rbc ratios of prudential insurance and our other domestic insurance subsidiaries at desired levels could also adversely impact our competitive position, including as a result of downgrades to our financial strength ratings. our international insurance companies are subject to conceptually similar measures of capital adequacy, including solvency margin ratios for our japanese insurance companies, and we face similar risks as those described for our domestic companies in the event that we are unable to maintain these measures at adequate levels. further, adverse financial performance in the closed block, including adverse investment performance, may adversely affect prudential insurance's rbc ratios in the short term, although dividends to closed block policyholders may be subsequently adjusted to reflect such performance.
in some cases, our reserves include assumptions about the availability of government benefits that are controlled by legislative or regulatory processes. to the extent the outcomes of these processes differ from our expectations, we may experience adverse effects on our financial condition. for example, since social security disability insurance ("ssdi") benefits are an offset to the benefits payable under group disability policies, any decrease in ssdi benefits, or changes in eligibility, could have a significant impact on the group disability market, including reserve impacts and increases in the cost of benefits.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, and thereby have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
see "business-regulation" for discussion of regulation of our businesses.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act subjects us to substantial additional federal regulation and we cannot predict the effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
as a "designated financial company" pursuant to dodd-frank, we are subject to substantial federal regulation, much of it pursuant to regulations not yet promulgated. dodd-frank directs existing and newly-created government agencies and bodies to promulgate regulations implementing the law, a process that is underway and expected to continue over the next few years. we cannot predict the timing or requirements of the regulations not yet adopted under dodd-frank or how such regulations will impact our business, credit or financial strength ratings, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition or competitive position. furthermore, we cannot predict whether such regulations will make it advisable or require us to hold or raise additional capital or liquid assets, potentially affecting capital deployment activities, including buying back shares or paying dividends. finally, we cannot predict how president trump's february 2017 executive order outlining the administration's core principles for regulation of the financial system, or future legislation, will impact dodd-frank or the company. key aspects of dodd-frank's impact on us include:
•   as a designated financial company, prudential financial is subject to supervision and examination by the frb and to stricter prudential standards, which include or may include requirements and limitations (many of which are the subject of ongoing rule-making) relating to capital, leverage, liquidity, stress-testing, overall risk management, credit exposure reporting, early remediation, managing interlocks, credit concentration, and resolution and recovery planning. if the frb and the fdic jointly determine that our resolution plan is deficient, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements, or restrictions on our growth, activities, or operations. any continuing failure to adequately remedy the deficiencies could result in the frb and the fdic jointly, in consultation with the council, ordering divestiture of certain operations or assets. in addition, failure to meet defined measures of financial condition could result in substantial restrictions on our business and capital distributions. dodd-frank also requires us to be subject to stress tests to be promulgated by the frb which could cause us to alter our business practices or affect the perceptions of regulators, rating agencies, customers, counterparties or investors of our financial strength. we cannot predict the requirements of the regulations not yet adopted or how the frb will apply these prudential standards to us. as a designated financial company, prudential financial must also seek pre-approval from the frb for acquisition of certain companies engaged in financial activities.
•   as a designated financial company, we could also be subject to additional capital requirements for, and other restrictions on, proprietary trading and sponsorship of, and investment in, hedge, private equity and other covered funds.
•   the council could recommend new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices in which we and other financial services companies engage. we cannot predict whether any such recommendations will be made or their effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
•   dodd-frank created a new framework for regulation of the otc derivatives markets which could impact various activities of pgf, prudential financial and our subsidiaries, which use derivatives for various purposes (including hedging interest rate, foreign currency and equity market exposures). while many of the regulations required to be promulgated under dodd-frank or internationally with respect to derivatives markets have been adopted by the applicable regulatory agencies, the regulations that remain to be adopted or that have not been fully implemented could substantially increase the cost of hedging and related operations, affect the profitability of our products or their attractiveness to our clients or cause us to alter our hedging strategy or implementation thereof or increase and/or change the composition of the risks we do not hedge. in particular, we continue to monitor the potential hedging cost impacts of new initial margin requirements that we will be required to comply with in 2020, and increased capital requirements for derivatives transactions that may be imposed on banks that are our counterparties.
•   title ii of dodd-frank provides that a financial company such as prudential financial may be subject to a special orderly liquidation process outside the federal bankruptcy code, administered by the fdic as receiver, upon a determination that the company is in default or in danger of default and presents a systemic risk to u.s. financial stability, and our u.s. insurance subsidiaries would be subject to rehabilitation and liquidation proceedings under state insurance law. we cannot predict how creditors of prudential financial or its insurance and non-insurance subsidiaries, including the holders of prudential financial debt, will evaluate this potential or whether it will impact our financing or hedging costs.
see "business-regulation" for further discussion of the impact of dodd-frank on our businesses.
changes in the laws and regulations relating to retirement products and services, including the dol's new fiduciary rules, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
in april 2016, the dol issued new rules that redefine who will be considered a "fiduciary" for purposes of transactions with qualified plans, plan participants and iras. the rules generally provide that advice to a plan participant or ira owner will be treated as a fiduciary activity. we cannot predict how president trump's february 2017 direction to the dol to review the rules will impact the rules or their implementation date. overall, if enacted in their current form, the rules will result in increased compliance costs and may create increased exposure to legal claims under certain circumstances, including class actions. we believe the rules will primarily impact our individual annuities, retirement and asset management segments and our prudential advisors distribution system which we include in the results of our individual life segment. see "business-regulation-other u.s. federal regulation-dol fiduciary rule" for a discussion of the expected impacts of the rules on our businesses. in addition to these impacts, our compliance with the rules could lead to a loss of customers and revenues, and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
in addition to the rules described above, lawmakers and regulatory authorities from time to time enact legislative and regulatory changes that could decrease the attractiveness of certain of our retirement products and services to retirement plan sponsors and administrators, or have an unfavorable effect on our ability to earn revenues from these products and services. over time, these changes could hinder our sales of retirement products and services. we cannot predict with any certainty the effect these legislative and regulatory changes may have on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. see "business-regulation-investment and retirement products and asset management operations" for further discussion of regulation of our businesses.
in addition to the adoption of dodd-frank in the united states, the fsb has issued a series of proposals intended to produce significant changes in how financial companies, particularly companies that are members of large and complex financial groups, should be regulated.
the fsb identified prudential financial as a g-sii. the framework policy measures for g-siis published by the iais include enhanced group-wide supervision, enhanced capital standards, enhanced liquidity planning and management, and development of a risk reduction plan and recovery and resolution plans. the iais has released bcr and hla standards that have been approved by the fsb and g20 with implementation in 2019. the iais is also developing comframe for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups that seeks to promote effective and globally-consistent supervision of the insurance industry and contribute to global financial stability through uniform standards for insurer corporate governance, enterprise risk management and other control functions, group-wide supervision and group capital adequacy which also may be adopted by the iais as early as 2019. policy measures applicable to g-siis would need to be implemented by legislation or regulation in each applicable jurisdiction. we cannot predict the impact of bcr, hla or comframe on our business, or the outcome of our identification as a g-sii on the regulation of our businesses.
the lawmakers and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions in which we do business have already begun enacting or considering legislative and regulatory changes consistent with g20 and fsb recommendations, including laws and proposals governing consolidated regulation of insurance holding companies set forth by the fsa in japan. in 2016 the fsa conducted a field test of a potential market based alternative to the smr framework that closely aligned with components of the iais's 2016 field test. at this time, we cannot predict what additional capital requirements, compliance costs or other burdens continued international legislative and regulatory change will impose on us.
adverse market, economic and financial conditions in europe have given rise to a perceived risk of defaults on the government securities of certain european countries and potentially by financial institutions with significant direct or indirect exposure to such government securities. further regulatory initiatives may develop in response to these conditions and related political and economic events such as possible changes in the euro or to the structure or membership of the european union. in addition, we cannot predict the impact of any regulatory changes that may be enacted as a result of the u.k's approval of a non-binding referendum to exit the european union in june 2016.
see "business-regulation-regulation of our international businesses" and "-international and global regulatory initiatives" for further discussion of the impact of foreign regulation on our business.
changes in accounting requirements could negatively impact our reported results of operations and our reported financial position.
accounting standards are continuously evolving and subject to change. for example, the fasb has an ongoing project to revise accounting standards for long duration insurance contracts. while the final resolution of changes to u.s. gaap pursuant to this project is unclear, changes to the manner in which we account for insurance products, or other changes in accounting standards, could have a material effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the international accounting standards board is scheduled to release a new international financial reporting standard ("ifrs") for insurance contracts sometime in 2017 with an expected effective date of 2021. in japan, changes in ifrs do not currently impact our operations as they are not required to report under ifrs. in korea, the local insurance regulators assess solvency based in part on financial statements prepared in accordance with ifrs. as such, the financial statement impact of changes in ifrs may increase the amount of capital required in our korean insurance operation. at the same time, the korean insurance regulator has announced plans to pursue enhancements to their capital standards and the ultimate impact on capital requirements is uncertain. further, changes in accounting standards may impose special demands in areas such as corporate governance, internal controls and disclosure, and may result in substantial conversion costs to implement.
changes in u.s. federal income tax law or in the income tax laws of other jurisdictions that impact our tax profile could make some of our products less attractive to consumers and also increase our tax costs.
there is uncertainty regarding u.s. taxes both for individuals and corporations. discussions in washington continue concerning the need to reform the tax code, primarily by lowering tax rates and broadening the base by reducing or eliminating certain tax expenditures. overall lower effective individual tax rates could make our products less attractive to customers. it is unclear whether or when congress may take up overall tax reform and what the impact tax reform will have on the company and its products. however, even in the absence of overall tax reform, congress could enact more piecemeal tax legislation that would change the company's tax profile, make our products less competitive and adversely impact our capital position.
current u.s. federal income tax laws generally permit certain holders to defer taxation on the inside build-up of investment value of annuities and life insurance products until there are contract distributions and, in general, to exclude from taxation the death benefit paid under a life insurance contract. congress from time to time considers legislation that could make our products less attractive to consumers, including legislation that would reduce or eliminate the benefit of this deferral on some annuities and insurance products. congress, as well as state and local governments, also considers from time to time legislation that could increase the amount of corporate taxes we pay, thereby reducing earnings. see "business-regulation-other u.s. federal regulation-u.s. tax legislation" for examples of proposed changes that could increase our actual tax expense and reduce our consolidated net income.
the products we sell have different tax characteristics, in some cases generating tax deductions and credits for the company. changes in either the u.s. or foreign tax laws may negatively impact the deductions and credits available to the company, including the ability of the company to claim foreign tax credits with respect to taxes withheld on separate account products. these changes would increase the company's actual tax expense and reduce its consolidated net income.
the level of profitability of certain of our products is significantly dependent on these characteristics and our ability to continue to generate taxable income, which is taken into consideration when pricing products and is a component of our capital management strategies. accordingly, changes in tax law, our ability to generate taxable income, or other factors impacting the availability or value of the tax characteristics generated by our products could impact product pricing and returns or require us to reduce our sales of these products or implement other actions that could be disruptive to our businesses. in addition, the adoption of a principles-based approach for statutory reserves may lead to significant changes to the way tax reserves are determined and thus reduce future tax deductions.
for a discussion of the impact of the tax laws outside the u.s., see "-other risks-we have substantial international operations and our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks that could adversely affect those operations or our profitability" below.
prudential financial is the holding company for all our operations, and dividends, returns of capital and interest income from its subsidiaries are the principal source of funds available to prudential financial to pay shareholder dividends, to make share repurchases and to meet its other obligations. these sources of funds may be complemented by prudential financial's access, if available, to the capital markets and bank facilities. as described under "business-regulation" and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, our domestic and foreign insurance and various other subsidiary companies, are subject to regulatory limitations on the payment of dividends and on other transfers of funds to prudential financial. in addition, our management of our subsidiaries to have capitalization consistent with their ratings objectives itself may constrain their payment of dividends. finally, dodd-frank and emerging state and international capital and other prudential standards may ultimately result in additional restrictions on transfers of funds to prudential financial, or by prudential financial to its shareholders, either to satisfy enhanced prudential standards, due to inadequate stress-test performance, or otherwise. these restrictions may limit or prevent our subsidiaries from making dividend or other payments to prudential financial, or limit or prevent prudential financial from making payments to third-parties, in an amount sufficient to fund prudential financial's obligations, shareholder dividends and share repurchases. from time to time, the naic and various state and foreign insurance regulators have considered, and may in the future consider, proposals to further limit dividend payments that an insurance company may make without regulatory approval.
legal and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could adversely affect our results of operations or financial position or harm our businesses or reputation.
we are, and in the future may be, subject to legal and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of our businesses, including in businesses that we have divested or placed in wind-down status. some of these actions relate to aspects of the company's businesses and operations that are specific to us, while others are typical of the businesses in which we operate. we face or may face lawsuits alleging, among other things, issues relating to unclaimed property procedures, the settlement of death benefit claims, breaches of fiduciary duties, violations of securities laws and employment matters. some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants. in certain of these matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages.
in addition, many insurance regulatory and other governmental or self-regulatory bodies have the authority to review our products and business practices and those of our agents and employees and to bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those of our agents or employees, are improper. these actions can result in substantial fines, penalties or prohibitions or restrictions on our business activities and could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. further, the financial services industry in general has faced increased regulatory scrutiny from governmental and self-regulatory bodies conducting inquiries and investigations into various products and business practices. this regulatory scrutiny has in some cases led to proposed or final legislation and regulation that could significantly affect the financial services industry, and may ultimately result in an increased risk of regulatory penalties, settlements and litigation.
legal liability or adverse publicity in respect of current or future legal or regulatory actions, whether or not involving us, could have an adverse effect on us or cause us reputational harm, which in turn could harm our business prospects. as a participant in the insurance and financial services industries, we may continue to experience a high level of legal and regulatory actions related to our businesses and operations.
material pending litigation and regulatory matters affecting us, and certain risks to our businesses presented by such matters, are discussed under "commitments and guarantees, contingent liabilities and litigation and regulatory matters" in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. our litigation and regulatory matters are subject to many uncertainties, and given their complexity and scope, their outcome cannot be predicted. our reserves for litigation and regulatory matters may prove to be inadequate. it is possible that our results of operations or cash flow in a particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of pending litigation and regulatory matters. in light of the unpredictability of the company's litigation and regulatory matters, it is also possible that in certain cases an ultimate unfavorable resolution of one or more pending litigation or regulatory matters could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position.
we rely on a combination of contractual rights with employees and third parties and on copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we endeavor to protect our rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. this would represent a diversion of resources that may be significant and our efforts may not prove successful. the inability to secure or protect our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete.
we may be subject to claims by third parties for (i) patent, trademark or copyright infringement; (ii) breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights; or (iii) misappropriation of trade secrets. any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages. if we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property right, we could in some circumstances be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses. alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third-parties or implement a costly work around. any of these scenarios could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
operational risks interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm our business.
we depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. these systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. further, we face the risk of operational and technology failures by others, including clearing agents, exchanges and other financial intermediaries and of vendors and parties to which we outsource the provision of services or business operations. if these parties do not perform as anticipated, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and other adverse effects on our business. these risks are heightened by our offering of increasingly complex products, such as those that feature automatic rebalancing or re-allocation strategies, and by our employment of complex investment, trading and hedging programs.
despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering or other security breaches, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information. many financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported security breaches and service disruptions related to their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, denial-of-service attacks and other means.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches and disruptions of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyber attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including third-parties outside of prudential such as persons who are involved with organized crime or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments, as well as external service providers. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of prudential's systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. in addition, while we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to a security breach, including as a result of their failure to perform in accordance with contractual arrangements.
security breaches or other technological failures may also result in regulatory inquiries, regulatory proceedings, regulatory and litigation costs, and reputational damage. we may incur reimbursement and other expenses, including the costs of litigation and litigation settlements and additional compliance costs. we may also incur considerable expenses in enhancing and upgrading computer systems and systems security following such a failure.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by us or others, could delay or disrupt our ability to do business and service our customers, harm our reputation, result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, subject us to substantial regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues or financial loss to our customers and otherwise adversely affect our business. see "business-regulation-privacy regulation and cybersecurity" for a discussion of privacy and cybersecurity regulation and regulatory proposals impacting our business.
we face risks arising from acquisitions, divestitures and restructurings, including client losses, surrenders and withdrawals, difficulties in executing, integrating and realizing the projected results of acquisitions and contingent liabilities with respect to dispositions.
we face a number of risks arising from acquisition transactions, including the risk that, following the acquisition or reorganization of a business, we could experience client losses, surrenders or withdrawals or other results materially different from those we anticipate. we may also experience difficulties in executing previously-announced transactions, and integrating and realizing the projected results of acquisitions and restructurings and managing the litigation and regulatory matters to which acquired entities are party. we have retained insurance or reinsurance obligations and other contingent liabilities in connection with our divestiture or winding down of various businesses, and our reserves for these obligations and liabilities may prove to be inadequate. these risks may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
other risks our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses.
we have developed an enterprise-wide risk management framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company, and we maintain policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed.
there are, however, inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. as a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from adverse mortality, morbidity or policyholder behavior, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. in addition, under difficult or less liquid market conditions, our risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. in such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive for us to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants.
many of our risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. we cannot provide assurance that our risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective.
models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models may not operate properly and may rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our vendors could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that we employ, which are designed to monitor associates' business decisions and prevent us from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. we review our compensation policies and practices as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that our compensation policies and practices could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. if our associates take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
in our investments in which we hold a minority interest, or that are managed by third parties, we lack management and operational control over operations, which may subject us to additional operational, compliance and legal risks and prevent us from taking or causing to be taken actions to protect or increase the value of those investments. in those jurisdictions where we are constrained by law from owning a majority interest in jointly owned operations, our remedies in the event of a breach by a joint venture partner may be limited (e.g., we may have no ability to exercise a "call" option).
the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition.
the occurrence of natural disasters, including hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our operations, results of operations or financial condition, including in the following respects:
•   catastrophic loss of life due to natural or man-made disasters could cause us to pay benefits at higher levels and/or materially earlier than anticipated and could lead to unexpected changes in persistency rates.
•   a man-made or natural disaster, such as an earthquake in japan, could result in disruptions in our operations, losses in our investment portfolio or the failure of our counterparties to perform, or cause significant volatility in global financial markets.
•   a terrorist attack affecting financial institutions in the u. s. or elsewhere could negatively impact the financial services industry in general and our business operations, investment portfolio and profitability in particular.
•   pandemic disease could have a severe adverse effect on prudential financial's business. the potential impact of such a pandemic on prudential financial's results of operations and financial position is variable, and would depend on numerous factors, including the effectiveness of vaccines and the rate of contagion, the regions of the world most affected and the effectiveness of treatment for the infected population.
the above risks are more pronounced in respect of geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, where we have concentrations of customers, including under group and individual life insurance, concentrations of employees or significant operations, and in respect of countries and regions in which we operate subject to a greater potential threat of military action or conflict. ultimate losses would depend on the rates of mortality and morbidity among various segments of the insured population, the collectability of reinsurance, the possible macroeconomic effects on our asset portfolio, the effect on lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies and other variables.
there can be no assurance that our business continuation plans and insurance coverages would be effective in mitigating any negative effects on our operations or profitability in the event of a terrorist attack or other disaster.
finally, climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather related disasters and pandemics. in addition, climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold, or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. it may also impact other counterparties, including reinsurers, and affect the value of investments, including real estate investments we hold or manage for others. we cannot predict the long-term impacts on us from climate change or related regulation.
we have substantial international operations and our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks that could adversely affect those operations or our profitability.
a substantial portion of our revenues and income from continuing operations is derived from our operations outside the u.s., primarily japan and korea. some of these operations are subject to restrictions on transferring funds out of the countries in which they are located. some of our foreign insurance and investment management operations are, and are likely to continue to be, in emerging markets where this risk, as well as risks of discriminatory regulation, labor issues in connection with workers' associations and trade unions, price controls, currency exchange controls, nationalization or expropriation of assets, are heightened. if our business model is not successful in a particular country, we may lose all or most of our investment in building and training our sales force in that country.
many of our insurance products sold in international markets, including japan, provide for the buildup of cash values for the policyholder at contractually fixed guaranteed interest rates. actual returns on the underlying investments may not necessarily support the guaranteed interest rates and there may be times when the spread between the actual investment returns and these guaranteed rates of return to the policyholder is negative. this negative spread may not be offset by the mortality, morbidity and expense charges we earn on the products, and will likely be exacerbated in prolonged periods of low interest rates.
our international businesses are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the countries in which they are organized and in which they operate. foreign governments from time to time consider legislation that could increase the amount of taxes that we pay or impact the sales of our products. such changes could negatively impact sales of our products or reduce our profits.
our international operations are regulated in the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate. these regulations may apply heightened scrutiny to non-domestic companies, which can reduce our flexibility as to intercompany transactions, investments and other aspects of business operations and adversely affect our liquidity, profitability, and regulatory capital.
finally, we use affiliates and third-party vendors located outside the u.s. to provide certain services and functions, which also exposes us to business disruptions and political risks as a result of risks inherent in conducting business outside of the u.s.
intense competition, including the impact of government sponsored programs and other actions on us and our competitors, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share or profitability.
in each of our businesses we face intense competition from insurance companies, asset managers and diversified financial institutions, both for the ultimate customers for our products and, in many businesses, for distribution through non-affiliated distribution channels. we compete based on a number of factors including brand recognition, reputation, quality of service, quality of investment advice, investment performance of our products, product features, scope of distribution and distribution arrangements, price, perceived financial strength and credit and financial strength ratings. a decline in our competitive position as to one or more of these factors could adversely affect our profitability and assets under management.
many of our competitors are large and well-established and some have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength or credit ratings than we do. the proliferation and growth of non-affiliated distribution channels puts pressure on our captive sales channels to increase their productivity and reduce their costs in order to remain competitive, and we run the risk that the marketplace will make a more significant or rapid shift to non-affiliated or direct distribution alternatives than we anticipate or are able to achieve ourselves, potentially adversely affecting our market share and results of operations. in addition, technological advances, changing customer expectations, including related to digital offerings, or other changes in the marketplace may present opportunities for new or smaller competitors without established products or distribution channels to meet consumers' increased expectations more efficiently than us.
in certain international markets in which we operate, we face competition from government owned entities that benefit from pricing or other competitive advantages. the competitive landscape in which we operate may be further affected by government sponsored programs and longer term fiscal policies. competitors that receive governmental financing or other assistance or subsidies, including governmental guarantees of their obligations, may have or obtain pricing or other competitive advantages. competitors that are not subject to the same regulatory framework may also have a pricing advantage, including as a result of lower capital requirements.
competition for personnel in all of our businesses is intense, including for executive officers and management personnel, agents within prudential advisors, life planners, life consultants and other sales personnel, and our investment managers. we devote significant efforts to talent management and development and are subject to the risk that executive, management and other personnel will be hired or recruited by competitors. competition for desirable non-affiliated distribution channels is also intense. the loss of key personnel or non-affiliated distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability.
at an enterprise level, prudential financial is one of three designated financial companies in the insurance industry. this additional regulation has resulted in increased operational, compliance and risk management costs, and may result in further impacts if we are ultimately required to increase our capital levels or hold additional liquid assets relative to our competitors.
regulatory requirements could delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that shareholders might consider in their best interests.
insurance regulatory authorities in the various jurisdictions in which our insurance companies are domiciled, including new jersey and japan, must approve any change of control of prudential financial or the insurance companies organized under their laws. federal and state banking laws also generally require regulatory approval for a change in control of prudential financial or pb&t. the u.s. federal securities laws could also require reapproval by customers of our investment advisory contracts to manage mutual funds, including mutual funds included in annuity products, upon a change in control. the new jersey business corporation act prohibits certain business combinations with interested shareholders. dodd-frank concentration limits also impose restrictions on the acquisition of designated financial companies where the resulting entity's total liabilities exceed 10% of total u.s. financial company liabilities, which may prohibit certain companies from acquiring prudential financial. in addition, the frb must approve any acquisition by a designated financial company of more than 5% of the voting stock of a company engaged in financial activities with $10 billion or more in assets, such as prudential financial. these regulatory and other restrictions may delay or prevent a potential merger or sale of prudential financial, even if the board of directors decides that it is in the best interests of shareholders to merge or be sold.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index pagenumber overview                                                                                    56
impact of a low interest rate environment                                                   58
results of operations                                                                       61
consolidated results of operations                                                          61
segment results of operations                                                               62
segment measures                                                                            64
impact of foreign currency exchange rates                                                   65
variable annuities recapture and risk management strategy                                   68
application of critical accounting estimates                                                68
adoption of new accounting pronouncements                                                   80
results of operations by segment                                                            80
asset management                                                                            89
divested businesses                                                                        103
experience-rated contractholder liabilities, taasil and other related investments          106
valuation of assets and liabilities                                                        108
liquidity and capital resources                                                            140
off-balance sheet arrangements                                                             158
risk management                                                                            158
you should read the following analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the forward-looking statements included below the table of contents, "risk factors," "selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview from december 18, 2001, the date of demutualization, through december 31, 2014, we organized our principal operations into the financial services businesses and the closed block business, and had two classes of common stock outstanding. the common stock, which is publicly traded (nyse:pru), reflected the performance of the financial services businesses, while the class b stock, which was issued through a private placement and did not trade on any exchange, reflected the performance of the closed block business.
on january 2, 2015, prudential financial repurchased and canceled all of the shares of the class b stock (the "class b repurchase"). as a result, earnings per share of common stock for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflect the consolidated earnings of prudential financial. in addition, we no longer organize our principal operations into the financial services businesses and the closed block business. our principal operations are comprised of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments, and our corporate and other operations. the u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division consists of our individual annuities, retirement and asset management segments. the u.s. individual life and group insurance division consists of our individual life and group insurance segments. the international insurance division consists of our international insurance segment. the closed block division consists of our closed block segment. the closed block division is accounted for as a divested business that is reported separately from the divested businesses that are included in corporate and other operations. our corporate and other operations include corporate items and initiatives that are not allocated to business segments and businesses that have been or will be divested.
as a result of the class b repurchase and resulting elimination of the separation of the financial services businesses and the closed block business, in this md&a we refer to the divisions and segments of the company that formerly comprised the financial services businesses as "pfi excluding the closed block division" and we refer to the operations that were formerly included in the closed block business as the "closed block division," except as otherwise noted. closed block business results were associated with the company's class b stock for periods prior to january 1, 2015.
revenues and expenses we earn our revenues principally from insurance premiums; mortality, expense, asset management and administrative fees from insurance and investment products; and investment of general account and other funds. we earn premiums primarily from the sale of certain individual life insurance, group life and disability insurance, retirement and annuity contracts. we earn mortality, expense, and asset management fees primarily from the sale and servicing of separate account products including variable life insurance and variable annuities, and from the sale and servicing of other products including universal life insurance. we also earn asset management and administrative fees from the distribution, servicing and management of mutual funds, retirement products and other asset management products and services. our operating expenses principally consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, dividends to policyholders, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing our products and interest credited on general account liabilities.
profitability our profitability depends principally on our ability to price our insurance and annuity products at a level that enables us to earn a margin over the costs associated with providing benefits and administering those products. profitability also depends on, among other items, our actuarial and policyholder behavior experience on insurance and annuity products, and our ability to attract and retain customer assets, generate and maintain favorable investment results, effectively deploy capital and utilize our tax capacity, and manage expenses.
historically, the participating products included in the closed block have yielded lower returns on capital invested than many of our other businesses. as we have ceased offering domestic participating products, we expect that the proportion of the traditional participating products in our in force business will gradually diminish as these older policies age, and we grow other businesses. however, the relatively lower returns to us on this existing block of business will continue to affect our consolidated results of operations for many years.
see "risk factors" for a discussion of risks that have affected and may affect in the future our business, results of operations or financial condition, or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company.
executive summary industry trends our u.s. and international businesses are impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight, and a variety of trends that affect the industries where we compete.
u.s. businesses financial and economic environment. global market conditions and uncertainty continue to be factors in the markets in which we operate. as discussed further under "impact of a low interest rate environment" below, interest rates in the u.s. remain lower than historical levels, which continue to negatively impact our portfolio income yields and our net investment spread results.
regulatory environment. see "business-regulation" for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the company, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the u.s. department of labor's new fiduciary rules and potential changes in u.s. tax legislation. see "risk factors-regulatory and legal risks" for a discussion of the risks associated with these and other developments.
demographics. customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different consumer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. consumer expectations and preferences are changing. we believe existing customers and potential customers are increasingly looking for cost-effective solutions that they can easily understand and access through technology-enabled devices. at the same time, income protection, wealth accumulation and the needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry. a persistent retirement security gap exists in terms of both savings and protection. despite the ongoing phenomenon of the risk and responsibility of retirement savings shifting from employers to employees, employers are becoming increasingly focused on the financial wellness of the individuals they employ. although life insurance ownership among u.s. households remains low, with consumers citing other financial priorities and cost of insurance as reasons for the lack of coverage, consumer awareness of the value proposition that life insurance provides is believed to be on the rise.
competitive environment. see "business-competition," "business-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division" and "business-u.s. individual life and group insurance division" for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which we compete.
international businesses financial and economic environment. our international insurance operations, especially in japan, continue to operate in a low interest rate environment. although the local market in japan has adapted to low interest rates, as discussed under "impact of a low interest rate environment" below, the current reinvestment yields for certain blocks of business in our international insurance operations are now generally lower than the current portfolio yield supporting these blocks of business, which may negatively impact our net investment spread results. the continued low interest rate environment in the u.s. may also impact the relative attractiveness of u.s. dollar-denominated products to yen-denominated products in japan. in addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in foreign currency rates, particularly the japanese yen. fluctuations in the value of the yen will continue to impact the relative attractiveness of both yen-denominated and non-yen denominated products.
regulatory environment. see "business-regulation" and "risk factors-regulatory and legal risks" for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the company and associated risks.
demographics. japan has an aging population as well as a large pool of household assets invested in low-yielding deposit and savings vehicles. the aging of japan's population, along with strains on government pension programs, have led to a growing demand for insurance products with a significant savings element to meet savings and retirement needs as the population prepares for retirement. we are seeing a similar shift to retirement-oriented products across other asian markets, including korea and taiwan, each of which also has an aging population.
competitive environment. see "business-competition," and "business-international insurance division" for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which we compete.
impact of a low interest rate environment u.s. operations excluding the closed block division interest rates in the u.s. continue to remain lower than historical levels, despite the federal reserve board's decision to raise short-term interest rates in december 2016. market conditions and events, including but not limited to the united kingdom ("u.k.") referendum to leave the european union contrasted with strengthening economic growth and job creation, make uncertain the timing and amount of future monetary policy decisions by the federal reserve. given this current low rate environment, our current reinvestment yields continue to be lower than the overall portfolio yield, primarily for our investments in fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans and, as a result, our overall portfolio yields are expected to continue to decline.
for the general account supporting our u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division, our u.s. individual life and group insurance division and our corporate and other operations, we expect annual scheduled payments and prepayments to be approximately 10% of the fixed maturity security and commercial mortgage loan portfolios through 2018. the general account for these operations has approximately $183 billion of such assets (based on net carrying value) as of december 31, 2016. as these assets mature, the average portfolio yield for fixed maturities and commercial mortgage loans of approximately 4.5%, as of december 31, 2016, is expected to decline due to reinvesting in a lower interest rate environment.
included in the $183 billion of fixed maturity securities and commercial mortgage loans are approximately $92 billion that are subject to call or redemption features at the issuer's option and have a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5%. of this $92 billion, approximately 70% contains provisions for prepayment premiums. the reinvestment of scheduled payments at rates below the current portfolio yield, including in some cases at rates below those guaranteed under our insurance contracts, will impact future operating results to the extent we do not, or are unable to, reduce crediting rates on in force blocks of business, or effectively utilize other asset/liability management strategies described below, in order to maintain current net interest margins.
as of december 31, 2016, these operations have approximately $180 billion of insurance liabilities and policyholder account balances. of this amount, approximately $110 billion represents long duration products such as group annuities, structured settlements and other insurance products that have fixed and guaranteed terms, for which underlying assets may have to be reinvested at interest rates that are lower than portfolio rates. we seek to mitigate the impact of a prolonged low interest rate environment on these contracts through asset/liability management, as discussed further below.
the $180 billion of insurance liabilities and policyholder account balances also includes approximately $55 billion related to contracts with crediting rates that may be adjusted over the life of the contract, subject to guaranteed minimums. although we may have the ability to lower crediting rates for those contracts above guaranteed minimums, our willingness to do so may be limited by competitive pressures.
the following table sets forth the related account values by range of guaranteed minimum crediting rates and the related range of the difference, in basis points ("bps"), between rates being credited to contractholders as of december 31, 2016, and the respective guaranteed minimums.
range of guaranteed minimum crediting rates:
percentage of total                                             60        %                              26            %                                10             %                                 4             %                                     0               %               100     %
(1)   includes approximately $1.2 billion related to contracts that impose a market value adjustment if the invested amount is not held to maturity.
the remaining $15 billion of the $180 billion of insurance liabilities and policyholder account balances in these operations represent participating contracts for which the investment income risk is expected to ultimately accrue to contractholders. the crediting rates for these contracts are periodically adjusted based on the return earned on the related assets.
assuming a hypothetical scenario where the average 10-year u.s. treasury rate is 2.45% for the period from january 1, 2017 through december 31, 2018, and credit spreads remain unchanged from levels as of december 31, 2016, we estimate that the unfavorable impact to net interest margins included in pre-tax adjusted operating income of reinvesting in such an environment, compared to reinvesting at current average portfolio yields, would be approximately $9 million in 2017 and $26 million in 2018. this impact is most significant in the retirement, individual life and individual annuities segments. this hypothetical scenario only reflects the impact related to the approximately $55 billion of contracts shown in the table above, and does not reflect: any benefit from potential changes to the crediting rates on the corresponding contractholder liabilities where the company has the contractual ability to do so, or other potential mitigants such as changes in investment mix that we may implement as funds are reinvested; any impact related to assets that do not directly support our liabilities; any impact from other factors, including but not limited to, new business, contractholder behavior, product modifications, changes in product offerings, changes in competitive conditions or changes in capital markets; or any impact from other factors described below. see "-segment measures" for a discussion of adjusted operating income and its use as a measure of segment operating performance.
in order to mitigate the unfavorable impact that the current interest rate environment has on our net interest margins, we employ a proactive asset/liability management program, which includes strategic asset allocation and hedging strategies within a disciplined risk management framework. these strategies seek to match the characteristics of our products, and to closely approximate the interest rate sensitivity of the assets with the estimated interest rate sensitivity of the product liabilities. our asset/liability management program also helps manage duration gaps, currency and other risks between assets and liabilities through the use of derivatives. we adjust this dynamic process as products change, as customer behavior changes and as changes in the market environment occur. as a result, our asset/liability management process has permitted us to manage the interest rate risk associated with our products through several market cycles. our interest rate exposure is also mitigated by our business mix, which includes lines of business for which fee-based and insurance underwriting earnings play a more prominent role in product profitability.
closed block division substantially all of the $60 billion of general account assets in the closed block division support obligations and liabilities relating to the closed block policies only. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the closed block.
international insurance operations while our international insurance operations have experienced a low interest rate environment for many years, the current reinvestment yields for certain blocks of business in our largest international insurance operations are generally lower than the current portfolio yield supporting these blocks of business. recently, the bank of japan has been pursuing further expansionary monetary policy resulting in even lower and, at times, negative yields for certain tenors of government bonds. our international insurance operations employ a proactive asset/liability management program in order to mitigate, to the extent possible, the unfavorable impact that the current interest rate environment has on our net interest margins. in conjunction with this program, we have not purchased negative yielding assets to support the portfolio and we continue to purchase long-term bonds with tenors of 30 years or greater that carry positive yields. additionally, our diverse product portfolio in terms of currency mix and premium payment mode allows us to further mitigate the negative impact from this low interest rate environment. we regularly examine our yen-based product offerings and their profitability. as a result, we have repriced certain products, adjusted commissions for certain products and have discontinued sales of other products that do not meet our profit expectations. the impact of these actions, coupled with the strengthening of the yen against the u.s. dollar and introduction of certain new products, has resulted in an increase in sales of u.s. dollar-denominated products relative to products denominated in other currencies. for additional information on sales within our international insurance operations, see "-international insurance division-international insurance-sales results," below.
as of december 31, 2016, our japanese operations have $148 billion of insurance liabilities and policyholder account balances. of this amount, approximately $117 billion is predominantly comprised of long-duration insurance products that have fixed and guaranteed terms, for which underlying assets may have to be reinvested at interest rates that are lower than portfolio rates. the remaining insurance liabilities and policyholder account balances include $23 billion related to contracts that impose a market value adjustment if the invested amount is not held to maturity and $8 billion related to contracts with crediting rates that may be adjusted over the life of the contract, subject to guaranteed minimums. however, for these contracts, most of the current crediting rates are at or near contractual minimums. although we have the ability to lower crediting rates in some cases for those contracts that are above guaranteed minimum crediting rates, the majority of this business has interest crediting rates that are determined by formula.
assuming a hypothetical scenario within our japanese and korean operations where 2017 new money yields would be 25 basis points lower than projected, and applying these lower new money yields to annualized investment of renewal premiums, proceeds from investment disposition and reinvestment of investment income, we estimate that the unfavorable impact to net interest margins would reduce adjusted operating income in 2017 by approximately $10 to $15 million. this hypothetical scenario excludes first-year single premium and multi-currency fixed annuity cash flows, any potential benefit from repricing products, and any impact from other factors, including but not limited to new business, contractholder behavior, changes in competitive conditions, changes in capital markets, and the effect of derivative instruments.
outlook management expects that results in 2017 will continue to benefit from our complementary mix of high quality protection, retirement and asset management businesses. this business mix provides a diversity in earnings sources, which helps offset variability in business results or fluctuations in market conditions, while offering growth opportunities. while challenges exist in the form of a low interest rate environment (see "impact of a low interest rate environment"), the near-term impacts of strategic investment spending (see further below) and an evolving regulatory environment (see "business-regulation"), we expect that our choice of businesses coupled with strong execution will produce attractive returns. in addition, outlook considerations for each of our divisions include the following:
•   u.s. retirement and investment management market. we will seek to continue our established leadership position in providing retirement and investment solutions for a u.s. market that is increasingly demanding cost-effective solutions that can be easily understood and accessed through technology-enabled distribution methods. there continues to be uncertainty around the impact the dol fiduciary rule will have on sales and flows. however, we expect to benefit from our product diversification strategy and to improve our risk profile while meeting a broad range of client needs through ongoing product innovation. our individual annuities business remains focused on helping its customers meet their investment and retirement needs. the recapture of living benefit risks from our reinsurance captive to our statutory insurance entities along with our enhanced risk management strategies are expected to contribute to higher free cash flows and improved capital stability, while also providing an ongoing benefit to our operating results. in our retirement business we continue to provide products that respond to the needs of plan sponsors to manage risk and control their benefit costs, while ensuring we maintain appropriate pricing and return expectations under changing market conditions. we believe there are growth opportunities in pension risk transfer as companies are becoming more aware of the potential impact of longevity risk and higher pension benefit guaranty corporation premiums, although we expect growth will not be linear given the episodic nature of larger cases. while we continue to see fee and spread compression, we believe these are manageable headwinds. our asset management business, or pgim, is focused on meeting clients' evolving needs and capturing opportunities in the marketplace. we are making substantial investments in our multi-manager model as well as in our talent, infrastructure and other distribution capabilities in order to capitalize on a business that we believe has strong growth opportunities.
•   u.s. insurance market. we will continue to focus on writing high-quality business and expect to continue to benefit from expansion of our distribution channels and deepening our relationships with third-party distributors. our individual life business is continuing to execute on its product diversification strategy in order to maintain a diversified product mix and an attractive risk profile. we are expanding the reach of our multichannel distribution network, including the prudential advisors channel, and are building predictive underwriting and other capabilities. in our group insurance business, we are seeing benefits from our multi-year underwriting efforts, especially in disability, and we are expanding our market segment focus to include mid-market clients. we are also continuing to focus on rigorous expense management, with an objective of further improving our return prospects over time.
•   international markets. we will continue to concentrate on deepening our presence in japan and other markets in which we currently operate and expanding our distribution capabilities in emerging markets. our death protection products with returns largely driven by mortality or expense margins help mitigate exposure of results to interest rates. we will continue to take steps to re-price or in some cases suspend sales of products most effected by low and negative rates in japan. with regard to distribution, we are seeking modest growth in our life planner and life consultant count in japan, as well as expansion of our third-party distribution networks. furthermore, we have newer markets that we seek to develop in order to contribute more meaningfully to our growth over time, such as our insurance operation in brazil, which we have built organically, and our investment in a leading provider of retirement services in chile.
in order to capitalize on the growth opportunities in our domestic and international markets highlighted above, we continue to make investments in and across our businesses. we are investing in expanding our distribution capabilities through a focus on customer experience and technology enabled advice and distribution, cross-business collaboration, further development of work site relationships with individuals and expanding our ability to offer relevant products and services to customers through whichever channels they choose. we are also investing in product innovation, through the use of data and digital initiatives to better understand and serve the needs of a customer base with changing demographics, to achieve a goal of offering a broader array of cost effective and easily comprehensible products. in addition, we are making investments in our information technology infrastructure in order to streamline processes and enhance the effectiveness of our administrative systems.
while we expect these strategic investments to ultimately generate business growth, they will result in elevated expenses in the near-term. in addition, we expect the time periods required for these investments to generate returns to vary. these investments are being funded through a combination of operating cost efficiencies and the returns generated by our businesses, and we expect to be able to continue to absorb some of these investment costs through efficiency gains.
results of operations consolidated results of operations the following table summarizes net income (loss) for the periods presented.
benefits and expenses                                                                                                    53,074                49,350                52,346
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures           5,705                 7,769                 1,759
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                              1,335                 2,072                   349
income (loss) from continuing operations before equity in earnings of operating joint ventures                            4,370                 5,697                 1,410
equity in earnings of operating joint ventures, net of taxes                                                                 49                    15                    16
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                                                      0                     0                    12
net income (loss) attributable to prudential financial, inc.                                                             $4,368                $5,642                $1,381
•   $980 million unfavorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, from adjustments to dac and other costs as well as reserves, reflecting updates to the estimated profitability of our businesses, including the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. this excludes the impact associated with the variable annuity hedging program discussed below (see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities" for additional information);
•   $972 million unfavorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, reflecting our decision to manage a portion of our interest rate risk through our capital protection framework (see "-results of operations by segment-corporate and other-capital protection framework" for additional information); and
•   $479 million lower net pre-tax realized gains for pfi excluding the closed block division, and excluding the impact of the hedging program associated with certain variable annuities, which is discussed below (see "-realized investment gains (losses)" for additional information).
partially offsetting these decreases in "income (loss) from continuing operations" were the following items:
•   $737 million favorable impact of lower tax expense reflecting lower pre-tax income in 2016 compared to 2015; and
•   $660 million favorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, reflecting the net impact from changes in the value of our embedded derivatives and related hedge positions associated with certain variable annuities and other products (see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities-variable annuity risks and risk mitigants" for additional information).
•   $3,136 million higher net pre-tax earnings primarily resulting from the 2014 impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on certain assets and liabilities within our japanese insurance operations (see "-impact of foreign currency exchange rates-impact of products denominated in non-local currencies on u.s. gaap earnings" for additional information);
•   $3,041 million favorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, reflecting our decision to manage a portion of our interest rate risk through our capital protection framework (see "-results of operations by segment-corporate and other-capital protection framework" for additional information);
•   $615 million favorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, reflecting the net impact from changes in the value of our embedded derivatives and related hedge positions associated with certain variable annuities (see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities-variable annuity risks and risk mitigants" for additional information); and
•   $558 million favorable variance, on a pre-tax basis, from adjustments to dac and other costs as well as reserves, reflecting updates to the estimated profitability of our businesses, including the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements performed in the second quarter of 2015 and the third quarter of 2014. this excludes the impact associated with the variable annuity hedging program discussed above (see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities" for additional information).
partially offsetting these increases in "income (loss) from continuing operations" were the following items:
•   $1,723 million unfavorable impact of higher tax expense reflecting higher pre-tax income in 2015 compared to 2014; and
•   $1,436 million lower net pre-tax realized gains for pfi excluding the closed block division, and excluding the impact of the hedging program associated with certain variable annuities discussed above (see "-realized investment gains (losses)" for additional information).
segment results of operations
we analyze the performance of our segments and corporate and other operations using a measure of segment profitability called adjusted operating income. as discussed in "-overview," for the year ended december 31, 2015 and onward, the closed block division is accounted for as a divested business under our definition of adjusted operating income. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the former closed block business was analyzed using accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). its results are excluded from adjusted operating income under both the current reporting for the closed block division and the former reporting for the closed block business. see "-segment measures" for a discussion of adjusted operating income and its use as a measure of segment operating performance.
shown below are the adjusted operating income contributions of each segment and corporate and other operations for the periods indicated and a reconciliation of this segment measure of performance to "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" as presented in our consolidated statements of operations.
adjusted operating income before income taxes by segment:
asset management                                                                                                                                         787                   779                   785
total u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division                                                                                     3,564                 3,507                 3,467
total segment adjusted operating income before income taxes                                                                                            5,399                 6,231                 5,892
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments(1)                                                                                      989                 2,258                (3,588    )
investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net(3)                                                             (17    )             (524    )              339
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes(4)                                                                       21                   433                  (294    )
divested businesses:
other divested businesses(6)                                                                                                                             (84    )              (66    )              167
equity in earnings of operating joint ventures and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests(7)                                                   (5    )               58                    44
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures for closed block business(9)               0                     0                  (259    )
consolidated income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures                          $5,705                $7,769                $1,759
(1)   represents "realized investment gains (losses), net," and related adjustments. see "-realized investment gains and losses" and note 22 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2)   includes charges that represent the impact of realized investment gains (losses), net, on the amortization of dac and other costs, and on changes in reserves. also includes charges resulting from payments related to market value adjustment features of certain of our annuity products and the impact of realized investment gains (losses), net, on the amortization of unearned revenue reserves.
(3)   represents net investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities. see "-experience-rated contractholder liabilities, trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities and other related investments."
(4)   represents changes in contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes in the pool of investments supporting these experience-rated contracts. see "-experience-rated contractholder liabilities, trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities and other related investments."
(5)   as a result of the class b repurchase, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, the closed block, along with certain related assets and liabilities, comprises the closed block division, which is accounted for as a divested business that is reported separately from the divested businesses that are included in corporate and other operations.
(6)   see "-divested businesses."
(7)   equity in earnings of operating joint ventures are included in adjusted operating income but excluded from income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures as they are reflected on an after-tax u.s. gaap basis as a separate line in our consolidated statements of operations. earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are excluded from adjusted operating income but included in income from continuing operations before taxes and equity earnings of operating joint ventures as they are reflected on a u.s. gaap basis as a separate line in our consolidated statements of operations. earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests represent the portion of earnings from consolidated entities that relates to the equity interests of minority investors.
(8)   amounts for the year ended december 31, 2014 represent "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" of the company's former financial services businesses, reflecting the existence of two classes of common stock and the separate reporting of the financial services businesses and the closed block business for each period.
(9)   reflects the existence of two classes of common stock and the separate reporting of the company's former financial services businesses and the closed block business for the year ended december 31, 2014.
individual annuities. segment results for 2016 decreased in comparison to 2015, primarily reflecting lower net asset-based fee income, higher general and administrative expenses, and an unfavorable comparative impact from changes in the estimated profitability of the business, partially offset by higher net investment income, lower amortization costs and interest expense, and the absence of certain costs for contract cancellations incurred in the prior year.
retirement. segment results for 2016 increased in comparison to 2015, reflecting higher net investment spread results and a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions, partially offset by a lower contribution from reserve experience, higher general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, and lower fee income.
asset management. segment results for 2016 increased in comparison to 2015, primarily reflecting higher asset management fees, net of expenses, partially offset by lower other related revenues, net of associated expenses.
individual life. segment results for 2016 decreased in comparison to 2015, primarily reflecting an unfavorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions, less favorable mortality experience, net of reinsurance, as well as higher general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a higher contribution from investment results.
group insurance. segment results for 2016 increased in comparison to 2015, including a favorable comparative net impact from our annual reviews and update of assumptions. excluding these items, results increased from 2015 reflecting net favorable underwriting results, higher net investment spread results and lower expenses.
international insurance. segment results for 2016 decreased in comparison to 2015, primarily from net unfavorable impacts from foreign currency exchange rates and from our annual reviews and update of assumptions. excluding these items, segment results increased from the prior year, reflecting the growth of business in force, including the contribution from the company's investment in afp habitat in chile, and more favorable mortality experience, partially offset by lower contributions from net investment spread results and higher net expenses, including those supporting business growth.
corporate and other operations. the results for 2016 in comparison to 2015 reflected increased losses primarily driven by higher levels of corporate expenses, lower net investment income and lower income from our qualified pension plan, partially offset by lower interest expense.
closed block division. the results for 2016 decreased in comparison to 2015, primarily driven by a decrease in net realized investment gains and lower net investment income, partially offset by a decrease in the policyholder dividend obligation and an increase in the net insurance activity results.
segment measures adjusted operating income. in managing our business, we analyze our segments' operating performance using "adjusted operating income." adjusted operating income does not equate to "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" or "net income (loss)" as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, but is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources, and consistent with authoritative guidance, is our measure of segment performance. the adjustments to derive adjusted operating income are important to an understanding of our overall results of operations. adjusted operating income is not a substitute for income determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, and our definition of adjusted operating income may differ from that used by other companies. however, we believe that the presentation of adjusted operating income as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our results of operations by highlighting the results from ongoing operations and the underlying profitability of our businesses. as discussed in "-segment results of operations" above, under both the current reporting for the closed block division and the former reporting for the closed block business, its results are excluded from adjusted operating income.
see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the presentation of segment results and our definition of adjusted operating income.
annualized new business premiums. in managing certain of our businesses, we analyze annualized new business premiums, which do not correspond to revenues under u.s. gaap. annualized new business premiums measure the current sales performance of the business, while revenues primarily reflect the renewal persistency of policies written in prior years and net investment income, in addition to current sales. annualized new business premiums include 10% of first year premiums or deposits from single pay products. no other adjustments are made for limited pay contracts.
the amount of annualized new business premiums for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in tax laws, changes in regulations or changes in the competitive environment. sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes.
assets under management. in managing our asset management business, we analyze assets under management, which do not correspond to u.s. gaap assets, because the principal source of revenues is fees based on assets under management. assets under management represents the fair market value or account value of assets which we manage directly for institutional clients, retail clients, and for our general account, as well as assets invested in our products that are managed by third-party managers.
account values. in managing our individual annuities and retirement businesses, we analyze account values, which do not correspond to u.s. gaap assets. net sales (redemptions) in our individual annuities business and net additions (withdrawals) in our retirement business do not correspond to revenues under u.s. gaap, but are used as a relevant measure of business activity.
impact of foreign currency exchange rates foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies as a u.s.-based company with significant business operations outside the u.s., particularly in japan, we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate movements that could impact our u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings and shareholder return on equity. we seek to mitigate this impact through various hedging strategies, including the use of derivative contracts and by holding u.s. dollar-denominated assets in certain of our foreign subsidiaries.
the operations of certain of our businesses are subject to currency fluctuations that could materially affect our u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings from period to period, even if earnings on a local currency basis are relatively constant. we enter into forward currency derivative contracts as part of our strategy to effectively fix the currency exchange rates for a portion of our prospective non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings streams, thereby reducing earnings volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements. the forward currency hedging program is primarily associated with our insurance operations in japan and korea.
separately, our japanese insurance operations offer a variety of non-yen denominated products, primarily comprised of u.s. and australian dollar-denominated products that are supported by investments in corresponding currencies. while these non-yen denominated assets and liabilities are economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in reported u.s. gaap earnings. as a result of continued growth in these portfolios, we implemented a structure in gibraltar life in the first quarter of 2015 that disaggregated the u.s. and australian dollar-denominated businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments, as described further below under "-impact of products denominated in non-local currencies on u.s. gaap earnings."
for further information on the hedging strategies used to mitigate the risks of foreign currency exchange rate movements on earnings as well as the u.s. gaap earnings impact from products denominated in non-local currencies, see "-impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on earnings," below.
we utilize a yen hedging strategy that calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the company's overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. we implement this hedging strategy utilizing a variety of instruments, including foreign currency derivative contracts, as discussed above, as well as u.s. dollar-denominated assets and, to a lesser extent, "dual currency" and "synthetic dual currency" assets held locally in our japanese insurance subsidiaries. we may also hedge using instruments held in our u.s. domiciled entities, such as u.s. dollar-denominated debt that has been swapped to yen. the total hedge level may vary based on our periodic assessment of the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the company's overall return on equity.
the table below presents the aggregate amount of instruments that serve to hedge the impact of foreign currency exchange movements on our u.s. dollar-equivalent shareholder return on equity from our japanese insurance subsidiaries for the periods indicated.
instruments hedging foreign currency exchange rate exposure on u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings:
instruments hedging foreign currency exchange rate exposure on u.s. dollar-equivalent equity:
total instruments hedging foreign currency exchange rate exposure on u.s. dollar-equivalent equity          13.4              13.9
(1)   represents the notional amount of forward currency contracts outstanding.
(2)   excludes $36.2 billion and $30.5 billion as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, of u.s. dollar-denominated assets supporting u.s. dollar-denominated liabilities related to u.s. dollar-denominated products issued by our japanese insurance operations.
(3)   dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments are held by our yen-based entities in the form of fixed maturities and loans with a yen-denominated principal component and u.s. dollar-denominated interest income. the amounts shown represent the present value of future u.s. dollar-denominated cash flows.
the u.s. dollar-denominated investments that hedge u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings and shareholder return on equity from our japanese insurance operations are reported within yen-based entities and, as a result, foreign currency exchange rate movements will impact their value reported within our yen-based japanese insurance entities. we seek to mitigate the risk that future unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate movements will decrease the value of these u.s. dollar-denominated investments reported within our yen-based japanese insurance entities, and therefore negatively impact their equity and regulatory solvency margins, by employing internal hedging strategies between a subsidiary of prudential financial and these yen-based entities. these internal hedging strategies have the economic effect of moving the change in value of these u.s. dollar-denominated investments due to foreign currency exchange rate movements from our japanese yen-based entities to our u.s. dollar-based entities.
these u.s. dollar-denominated investments also pay a coupon which is generally higher than what a similar yen-denominated investment would pay. the incremental impact of this higher yield on our u.s. dollar-denominated investments, as well as our dual currency and synthetic dual currency investments, will vary over time, and is dependent on the duration of the underlying investments as well as interest rate environments in both the u.s. and japan at the time of the investments. see "-general account investments-investment results" for a discussion of the investment yields generated by our japanese insurance operations.
impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on earnings the financial results of our international insurance, retirement and asset management segments reflect the impact of intercompany arrangements with our corporate and other operations pursuant to which certain of these segments' non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings are translated at fixed currency exchange rates. results of our corporate and other operations include any differences between the translation adjustments recorded by the segments at the fixed currency exchange rate versus the actual average rate during the period. in addition, specific to our international insurance segment where we hedge certain currencies, as further discussed below, the results of our corporate and other operations also include the impact of any gains or losses recorded from forward currency contracts that settled during the period, which include the impact of any over or under hedging of actual earnings that differ from projected earnings.
for international insurance, the fixed currency exchange rates are determined in connection with a foreign currency income hedging program designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on the segment's u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings. pursuant to this program, corporate and other operations execute forward currency contracts with third parties to sell the net exposure of projected earnings for certain currencies in exchange for u.s. dollars at specified exchange rates. the maturities of these contracts correspond with the future periods (typically on a three year rolling basis) in which the identified non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings are expected to be generated. in establishing the level of non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings that will be hedged through this program, we exclude the anticipated level of u.s. dollar-denominated earnings that will be generated by u.s. dollar-denominated products and investments. for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, approximately 29% of the segment's earnings were yen-based and, as of december 31, 2016, we have hedged 100%, 73% and 28% of expected yen-based earnings for 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. to the extent currently unhedged, our international insurance segment's future expected u.s. dollar-equivalent of yen-based earnings will be impacted by yen exchange rate movements.
as a result of this intercompany arrangement, our international insurance segment's results for 2016, 2015 and 2014 reflect the impact of translating yen-denominated earnings at fixed currency exchange rates of 106, 91 and 82 yen per u.s. dollar, respectively, and korean won-denominated earnings at fixed currency exchange rates of 1100, 1120 and 1150 korean won per u.s. dollar, respectively. we expect our results for 2017 to reflect the impact of translating yen-denominated earnings at a fixed currency exchange rate of 112 yen per u.s. dollar and korean won-denominated earnings at a fixed currency exchange rate of 1130 korean won per u.s. dollar. since determination of the fixed currency exchange rates for each respective year is impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates over time, the segment's future earnings will ultimately be impacted by these changes in exchange rates.
the table below presents, for the periods indicated, the increase (decrease) to revenues and adjusted operating income for the international insurance, asset management and retirement segments and for corporate and other operations, reflecting the impact of these intercompany arrangements.
segment impacts of intercompany arrangements:
asset management                                                              6                   0                   0
impact of intercompany arrangements(1)                                       38                 331                 275
impact of intercompany arrangements(1)                                      (38    )           (331    )           (275    )
net benefit (detriment) to corporate and other operations                     0                 (45    )             18
net impact on consolidated revenues and adjusted operating income           $38                $286                $293
(1)   represents the difference between non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings translated on the basis of weighted average monthly currency exchange rates versus fixed currency exchange rates determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program.
(2)   as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, the notional amounts of these forward currency contracts within our corporate &amp; other operations were $2.7 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively, of which $1.6 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, were related to our japanese insurance operations.
impact of products denominated in non-local currencies on u.s. gaap earnings
our international insurance operations primarily offer products denominated in local currency; however, several of our international insurance operations also offer products denominated in non-local currencies, most notably our japanese operations, which offer u.s. and australian dollar-denominated products. the non-local currency-denominated insurance liabilities related to these products are supported by investments denominated in corresponding currencies, including a significant portion designated as available-for-sale. while the impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements on these non-local currency-denominated assets and liabilities is economically matched, differences in the accounting for changes in the value of these assets and liabilities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rate movements have historically resulted in volatility in u.s. gaap earnings. for example, unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments, including those arising from non-local currency exchange rate movements, are recorded in aoci, whereas the non-local currency-denominated liabilities are remeasured for foreign currency exchange rate movements, and the related changes in value are recorded in earnings within "other income." investments designated as held-to-maturity under u.s. gaap are recorded at amortized cost on the balance sheet, but are remeasured for foreign currency exchange rate movements, with the related change in value recorded in earnings within "other income." due to this non-economic volatility that is reflected in u.s. gaap earnings, the gains (losses) resulting from the remeasurement of these non-local currency-denominated liabilities, and certain related non-local currency-denominated assets, were excluded from adjusted operating income and included in "realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments." included in "realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments" were net losses of $170 million, net gains of $63 million and net losses of $3,073 million from foreign currency remeasurement for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
as discussed above, in the first quarter of 2015 we implemented a structure in gibraltar life that disaggregated the u.s. and australian dollar-denominated businesses into separate divisions, each with its own functional currency that aligns with the underlying products and investments. for the u.s. and australian dollar-denominated assets that were transferred under this structure, the net cumulative unrealized investment gains associated with foreign exchange remeasurement that were recorded in aoci totaled $6.0 billion and will be recognized in earnings within "realized investment gains (losses), net" over time as the assets mature or are sold. as of december 31, 2016, the remaining net cumulative unrealized investment gains balance related to these assets was $4.4 billion. absent the sale of any of these assets prior to their stated maturity, approximately 9% of the $4.4 billion balance will be recognized in 2017, approximately 8% will be recognized in 2018, and a majority of the remaining balance will be recognized from 2019 through 2024.
variable annuities recapture and risk management strategy effective april 1, 2016, we recaptured the risks related to our variable annuities living benefit riders and certain retirement products that were previously reinsured to our captive reinsurance company, pruco reinsurance, ltd. ("pruco re"). these risks were recaptured by the originating insurance entities, thereby combining those risks with their base contracts. in addition, variable annuity contracts issued by pruco life insurance company ("pruco life"), a subsidiary of prudential insurance, were reinsured to our subsidiary, prudential annuities life assurance corporation ("palac") while variable annuity contracts issued by pruco life insurance company of new jersey ("plnj"), a subsidiary of pruco life, were reinsured to prudential insurance. these series of transactions are collectively referred to as the "variable annuities recapture."
the variable annuities recapture allows us to manage the capital and liquidity risks of these products more efficiently by aggregating both the risks and the assets supporting these risks in the same entities. the variable annuities recapture resulted in an increase of highly liquid assets at prudential financial of approximately $1.0 billion, due to payments received from subsidiaries in the form of dividends, returns of capital, and repayments under affiliate loan agreements, net of capital contributions, and is expected to reduce future capital volatility associated with our variable annuities business.
in connection with this transaction, we evaluated the overall risk management strategy associated with our individual annuities segment, including potential future enhancements to the living benefits hedging program. during the third quarter of 2016, we implemented modifications to the individual annuities' risk management strategy in order to more efficiently manage the capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to capital market movements. these modifications include utilizing a combination of traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to manage the associated risks. for more information on the hedging portion of individual annuities' risk management strategy and the results of that hedging strategy, see "results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities."
accounting policies & pronouncements application of critical accounting estimates
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. management, on an ongoing basis, reviews estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements. if management determines that modifications in assumptions and estimates are appropriate given current facts and circumstances, the company's results of operations and financial position as reported in the consolidated financial statements could change significantly.
the following sections discuss the accounting policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
deferred policy acquisition and other costs we capitalize costs that are directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance and annuity contracts. these costs primarily include commissions, as well as costs of policy issuance and underwriting and certain other expenses that are directly related to successfully negotiated contracts. we have also deferred costs associated with sales inducements related to our variable and fixed annuity contracts primarily within our individual annuities segment. sales inducements are amounts that are credited to the policyholder's account balance mainly as an inducement to purchase the contract. for additional information about sales inducements, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. we generally amortize dac and dsi over the expected lives of the contracts, based on our estimates of the level and timing of gross margins, gross profits, or gross premiums, depending on the type of contract. as described in more detail below, in calculating dac and dsi amortization, we are required to make assumptions about investment returns, mortality, persistency, and other items that impact our estimates of the level and timing of gross margins, gross profits, or gross premiums. we also periodically evaluate the recoverability of our dac and dsi. for certain contracts, this evaluation is performed as part of our premium deficiency testing, as discussed further below in "-policyholder liabilities." as of december 31, 2016, dac and dsi for pfi excluding the closed block division were $17.3 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, and dac in our closed block division was $336 million.
amortization methodologies gross premiums. dac associated with the non-participating whole life and term life policies of our individual life segment and the whole life, term life, endowment and health policies of our international insurance segment is primarily amortized in proportion to gross premiums.
gross profits. dac and dsi associated with the variable and universal life policies of our individual life and international insurance segments and the variable and fixed annuity contracts of our individual annuities and international insurance segments are generally amortized over the expected life of these policies in proportion to total gross profits. total gross profits include both actual gross profits and estimates of gross profits for future periods. in calculating gross profits, we consider mortality, persistency, and other elements as well as rates of return on investments associated with these contracts and the costs related to our guaranteed minimum death and guaranteed minimum income benefits. for variable annuities in our individual annuities segment, u.s. gaap gross profits and amortization rates also include the impacts of the embedded derivatives associated with certain of the optional living benefit features of our variable annuity contracts and related hedging activities. in calculating amortization expense, we estimate the amounts of gross profits that will be included in our u.s. gaap results and in adjusted operating income, and utilize these estimates to calculate distinct amortization rates and expense amounts. we also regularly evaluate and adjust the related dac and dsi balances with a corresponding charge or credit to current period earnings for the impact of actual gross profits and changes in our projections of estimated future gross profits on our dac and dsi amortization rates. adjustments to the dac and dsi balances include the impact to our estimate of total gross profits of the annual review of assumptions, our quarterly adjustments for current period experience, and our quarterly adjustments for market performance. each of these adjustments is further discussed below in "-annual assumptions review and quarterly adjustments." for additional information on our internally-defined hedge target, see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities."
gross margins. dac associated with the traditional participating products of our closed block is amortized over the expected lives of those contracts in proportion to estimated gross margins. gross margins consider premiums, investment returns, benefit claims, costs for policy administration, changes in reserves, and dividends to policyholders. we evaluate our estimates of future gross margins and adjust the related dac balance with a corresponding charge or credit to current period earnings for the effects of actual gross margins and changes in our expected future gross margins. dac adjustments for these participating products generally have not created significant volatility in our results of operations since many of the factors that affect gross margins are also included in the determination of our dividends to these policyholders and, during most years, the closed block has recognized a cumulative policyholder dividend obligation expense in "policyholders' dividends," for the excess of actual cumulative earnings over expected cumulative earnings as determined at the time of demutualization. however, if actual cumulative earnings fall below expected cumulative earnings in future periods, thereby eliminating the cumulative policyholder dividend obligation expense, changes in gross margins and dac amortization would result in a net impact to the closed block results of operations. as of december 31, 2016, the excess of actual cumulative earnings over the expected cumulative earnings was $1,647 million.
the amortization methodologies for products not discussed above primarily relate to less significant dac balances associated with products in our group insurance and retirement segments, which comprised approximately 2% of the company's total dac balance as of december 31, 2016.
annual assumptions review and quarterly adjustments annually, we perform a comprehensive review of the assumptions used in estimating gross profits for future periods. over the last several years, the company's most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross profits and the amortization of dac and dsi have been related to lapse experience and other contractholder behavior assumptions, mortality, and revisions to expected future rates of returns on investments. these assumptions may also cause potential significant variability in amortization expense in the future. the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time.
the quarterly adjustments for current period experience referred to above reflect the impact of differences between actual gross profits for a given period and the previously estimated expected gross profits for that period. to the extent each period's actual experience differs from the previous estimate for that period, the assumed level of total gross profits may change. in these cases, we recognize a cumulative adjustment to all previous periods' amortization, also referred to as an experience true-up adjustment.
the quarterly adjustments for market performance referred to above reflect the impact of changes to our estimate of total gross profits to reflect actual fund performance and market conditions. a significant portion of gross profits for our variable annuity contracts and, to a lesser degree, our variable life policies are dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. this rate of return influences the fees we earn, costs we incur associated with the guaranteed minimum death and guaranteed minimum income benefit features related to our variable annuity contracts, as well as other sources of profit. returns that are higher than our expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, which increase the future fees we expect to earn and decrease the future costs we expect to incur associated with the guaranteed minimum death and guaranteed minimum income benefit features related to our variable annuity contracts. the opposite occurs when returns are lower than our expectations. the changes in future expected gross profits are used to recognize a cumulative adjustment to all prior periods' amortization.
the near-term future equity rate of return assumption used in evaluating dac and other costs for our domestic variable annuity and variable life insurance products is derived using a reversion to the mean approach, a common industry practice. under this approach, we consider historical equity returns and adjust projected equity returns over an initial future period of five years (the "near-term") so that equity returns converge to the long-term expected rate of return. if the near-term projected future rate of return is greater than our near-term maximum future rate of return of 15%, we use our maximum future rate of return. as of december 31, 2016, our variable annuities and variable life insurance businesses assume an 8.0% long-term equity expected rate of return and a 5.6% near-term mean reversion equity rate of return.
the weighted average rate of return assumptions consider many factors specific to each business, including asset durations, asset allocations and other factors. we generally update the near-term equity rates of return and our estimate of total gross profits each quarter to reflect the result of the reversion to the mean approach. we generally update the future interest rates used to project fixed income returns annually and in any quarter when interest rates vary significantly from these assumptions. these market performance related adjustments to our estimate of total gross profits result in cumulative adjustments to prior amortization, reflecting the application of the new required rate of amortization to all prior periods' gross profits.
variability in the level of amortization expense has historically been driven by the variable annuities and variable and universal life insurance policies in our individual life and individual annuities segments, for which costs are primarily amortized in proportion to total gross profits. for our international insurance segment, these products have historically experienced less significant variability due to a less material block of variable annuities and variable and universal life insurance policies.
for the variable and universal life policies of our individual life segment, a significant portion of our gross profits is derived from mortality margins. as a result, our estimates of future gross profits are significantly influenced by our mortality assumptions. our mortality assumptions are used to estimate future death claims over the life of these policies and may be developed based on company experience, industry experience and/or other factors. unless a material change in mortality experience that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend is observed in an interim period, we generally update our mortality assumptions annually. updates to our mortality assumptions in future periods could have a significant adverse or favorable effect on the results of our operations in the individual life segment.
the dac balance associated with the variable and universal life policies of our individual life segment as of december 31, 2016 was $3.3 billion. the following table provides a demonstration of the sensitivity of that dac balance relative to our future mortality assumptions by quantifying the adjustments that would be required, assuming both an increase and decrease in our future mortality rate by 1%. the information below is for illustrative purposes only and considers only the direct effect of changes in our mortality assumptions on the dac balance, with no changes in any other assumptions such as persistency, future rate of return, or expenses included in our evaluation of dac. further, this information does not reflect changes in the unearned revenue reserve, which would partially offset the adjustments to the dac balance reflected below. these reserves are discussed in more detail below in "-policyholder liabilities."
decrease in future mortality by 1%   $50
increase in future mortality by 1%   $(50                  )
in addition to the impact of mortality experience relative to our assumptions, other factors may also drive variability in amortization expense, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. in 2016, valuation system conversion and methodology changes drove the most significant changes to amortization expense.
for the variable annuity contracts of our individual annuities segment, dac and dsi are more sensitive to changes in our future rate of return assumptions due primarily to the significant portion of our gross profits that is dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. the dac and dsi balances associated with our domestic variable annuity contracts were $4.9 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2016. the following table provides a demonstration of the sensitivity of each of these balances relative to our future rate of return assumptions by quantifying the adjustments to each balance that would be required assuming both an increase and decrease in our future rate of return by 100 bps. the information below is for illustrative purposes only and considers only the direct effect of changes in our future rate of return on the dac and dsi balances and not changes in any other assumptions such as persistency, mortality, or expenses included in our evaluation of dac and dsi. further, this information does not reflect changes in reserves, such as the reserves for the guaranteed minimum death and optional living benefit features of our variable annuity products, or the impact that changes in such reserves may have on the dac and dsi balances.
decrease in future rate of return by 100 bps   $(378                 )               $(126                 )
increase in future rate of return by 100 bps   $350                                  $127
in addition to the impact of market performance relative to our future rate of return assumptions, other factors may also drive variability in amortization expense, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. in 2016, updates to lapse assumptions partially offset by updates to mapping of funds to related indices and projected interest rate assumptions, drove the most significant changes to amortization expense.
value of business acquired in addition to dac and dsi, we also recognize an asset for voba. voba is an intangible asset which represents an adjustment to the stated value of acquired inforce insurance contract liabilities to present them at fair value, determined as of the acquisition date. voba is amortized over the expected life of the acquired contracts in proportion to either gross premiums or estimated gross profits, depending on the type of contract. voba is also subject to recoverability testing. as of december 31, 2016, voba was $2.3 billion, and included $1.3 billion related to the acquisition from american international group ("aig") of aig star life insurance co., ltd, aig edison life insurance company, aig financial assurance japan k.k. and aig edison service co., ltd. (collectively, the "star and edison businesses") on february 1, 2011, and $0.8 billion related to the acquisition of the hartford financial services group's individual life insurance business ("the hartford life business") on january 2, 2013. the remaining $0.2 billion primarily relates to previously-acquired traditional life, deferred annuity, defined contribution and defined benefit businesses.
the voba associated with the hartford life business is primarily amortized over the expected life of the acquired contracts in proportion to estimates of gross profits. a significant portion of our gross profits is derived from mortality margins. as a result, our estimates of future gross profits are significantly influenced by our mortality assumptions. our mortality assumptions are used to estimate future death claims over the life of these policies and may be developed based on company experience, industry experience and/or other factors. unless a material change in mortality experience that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend is observed in an interim period, we generally update our mortality assumptions annually. updates to our mortality assumptions in future periods could have a significant adverse or favorable effect on the results of our operations in the individual life segment. the following table provides a demonstration of the sensitivity of that voba balance relative to our future mortality assumptions by quantifying the adjustments that would be required, assuming both an increase and decrease in our future mortality rate by 1%. the information below is for illustrative purposes only and considers only the direct effect of changes in our mortality assumptions on the voba balance, with no changes in any other assumptions such as persistency, future rate of return, or expenses included in our evaluation of voba, and does not reflect changes in reserves.
decrease in future mortality by 1%   $8
increase in future mortality by 1%   $(17                    )
in addition to the impact of mortality experience relative to our assumptions, other factors may also drive variability in amortization expense, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. in 2016, partial write-down of voba due to a loss recognition event drove the most significant changes to amortization expense.
the voba associated with the inforce contracts acquired from aig of the star and edison businesses is less sensitive to assumption changes, as the majority is amortized in proportion to premiums which are more predictably stable compared to gross profits. for additional information about voba including details on items included in our estimates of future cash flows for the various acquired businesses and its bases for amortization, see note 2 and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill as of december 31, 2016, our goodwill balance of $833 million is reflected in the following four reporting units: $444 million related to our retirement full service business, $230 million related to our asset management business, $147 million related to our gibraltar life and other operations and $12 million related to our international insurance life planner business.
we test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of december 31 of each year, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the potential for impairment is more likely than not. the goodwill impairment analysis is performed at the reporting unit level which is equal to or one level below our operating segments. accounting guidance provides for an optional qualitative assessment for testing goodwill impairment that may allow companies to skip the quantitative two step test. for additional information on goodwill and the process for testing goodwill for impairment, see note 2 and note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
in the international insurance life planner business and the asset management segment, we did not elect to utilize the option for qualitative analysis and therefore completed a quantitative impairment analysis using an earnings multiple approach. the earnings multiple approach indicates the value of a business based on comparison to publicly-traded comparable companies in similar lines of business. each comparable company is analyzed based on various factors, including, but not limited to, financial risk, size, geographic diversification, profitability, adequate financial data, and an actively traded stock price. a multiple of price to earnings is developed for the comparable companies using independent analysts' consensus estimates for each company's 2017 forecasted earnings. the multiples are then aggregated and a mean and median multiple is calculated for the group. the lower of the mean or median multiple is then applied to the 2017 forecasted earnings of the reporting unit to develop a value. a control premium is then added to determine a total estimated fair value for the reporting unit.
in the retirement full service business and gibraltar life and other operations, we also did not elect to utilize the option for qualitative analysis and therefore completed a quantitative impairment analysis using a discounted cash flow approach. the discounted cash flow approach calculates the value of a business by applying a discount rate reflecting the market expected rate of return of the reporting unit to its projected future cash flows. these projected future cash flows were based on our internal forecasts, an expected growth rate and a terminal value. the reporting unit expected rate of return represents the required rate of return on its total capitalization. the process of deriving reporting unit specific required rates of return begins with the calculation of an overall company weighted average cost of capital, which includes the calculation of the required return on equity using a capital asset pricing model ("capm"). the capm is a generally accepted method for estimating an equity investor's return requirement, and hence a company's cost of equity capital. the calculation using the capm begins with the long-term risk-free rate of return, then applies a market risk premium for large company common stock, as well as company specific adjustments to address volatility versus the market. the company then determines reporting unit specific required rates of return based on their relative volatilities, benchmarks results against reporting unit comparable companies, and ensures that the sum of the reporting unit required returns (after considering the impact of unallocated corporate costs and capital) add up to the overall company required return. this process results in reporting unit specific discount rates which are then applied to the expected future cash flows of the retirement full service business and gibraltar life and other operations to estimate their respective fair values.
after completion of the first step of the quantitative tests, the fair values exceeded the carrying amounts for each of the four reporting units and we concluded there was no impairment as of december 31, 2016. the asset management, international insurance life planner, gibraltar life and other operations, and retirement full service businesses had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying amounts, each by at least 45%. completion of the second step of the quantitative analysis is therefore not necessary.
estimating the fair value of reporting units is a subjective process that involves the use of significant estimates by management. regarding all reporting units tested, market declines or other events impacting the fair value of these businesses, including discount rates, interest rates and growth rate assumptions or increases in the level of equity required to support these businesses, could result in goodwill impairments, resulting in a charge to income.
valuation of investments, including derivatives, and the recognition of other-than-temporary impairments our investment portfolio consists of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, other invested assets, and derivative financial instruments. derivatives are financial instruments whose values are derived from interest rates, foreign exchange rates, financial indices or the values of securities or commodities. derivative financial instruments we generally use include swaps, futures, forwards and options and may be exchange-traded or contracted in the otc market. we are also party to financial instruments that contain derivative instruments that are "embedded" in the financial instruments. management believes the following accounting policies related to investments, including derivatives, are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. each of these policies is discussed further within other relevant disclosures related to the investments and derivatives, as referenced below:
•   valuation of investments, including derivatives;
•   recognition of other-than-temporary impairments ("otti"); and
•   determination of the valuation allowance for losses on commercial mortgage and other loans.
we present at fair value in the statements of financial position our investments classified as available-for-sale (including fixed maturity and equity securities), investments classified as trading such as our trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, derivatives and embedded derivatives. for additional information regarding the key estimates and assumptions surrounding the determination of fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities, as well as derivative instruments, embedded derivatives and other investments, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements and "-valuation of assets and liabilities-fair value of assets and liabilities."
for our investments classified as available-for-sale, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded as an unrealized gain or loss in aoci, a separate component of equity. for our investments classified as trading, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded within "other income." in addition, investments classified as available-for-sale, as well as those classified as held-to-maturity, are subject to impairment reviews to identify when a decline in value is other-than-temporary. for a discussion of our policies regarding other-than-temporary declines in investment value and the related methodology for recording otti of fixed maturity and equity securities, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial mortgage and other loans are carried primarily at unpaid principal balances, net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and expenses and unamortized premiums or discounts and a valuation allowance for losses. for a discussion of our policies regarding the valuation allowance for commercial mortgage and other loans, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder liabilities future policy benefit reserves, including unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses we establish reserves for future policy benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders in the same period in which the policy is issued or acquired, using methodologies prescribed by u.s. gaap. the reserving methodologies used include the following:
•   for most long-duration contracts, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued or acquired with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. after the liabilities are initially established, we perform premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions as of the testing date without provisions for adverse deviation. if the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., gaap reserves net of any dac, dsi or voba asset), the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing these assets by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a charge to current period earnings. if the deficiency is more than these asset balances for insurance contracts, we then increase the net reserves by the excess, again through a charge to current period earnings. if a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions as of the premium deficiency test date are locked in and used in subsequent valuations and the net reserves continue to be subject to premium deficiency testing.
•   for certain reserves, such as those related to guaranteed minimum death benefits ("gmdb"), guaranteed minimum income benefits ("gmib") and no-lapse guarantees, we utilize current best estimate assumptions in establishing reserves. the reserves are subject to adjustments based on annual reviews of assumptions and quarterly adjustments for experience, including market performance, and the reserves may be adjusted through a benefit or charge to current period earnings.
•   for certain product guarantees, primarily certain optional living benefit features of the variable annuity products in our individual annuities segment, the benefits are accounted for as embedded derivatives, with fair values calculated as the present value of expected future benefit payments to contractholders less the present value of assessed rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. under u.s. gaap, the fair values of these benefit features are based on assumptions a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are recorded quarterly through a benefit or charge to current period earnings.
the assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on the company's experience, industry experience and/or other factors, as applicable. we typically update our actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, morbidity, retirement and policyholder behavior assumptions, annually, unless a material change is observed in an interim period that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend. generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. in a sustained low interest rate environment, there is an increased likelihood that the reserves determined based on best estimate assumptions may be greater than the net liabilities.
the following paragraphs provide additional details about the reserves established by each of our segments:
the future policy benefit reserves for our international insurance segment, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 43% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to non-participating whole life and term life products and endowment contracts, and are generally determined as the present value of expected future benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders plus the present value of future maintenance expenses less the present value of future net premiums. for these reserves, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued or acquired with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as described above. the primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality, lapse, morbidity, investment yield and maintenance expense assumptions. in addition, future policy benefit reserves for certain contracts also include amounts related to our deferred profit liability.
the reserves for future policy benefits of our retirement segment, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 23% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to our non-participating life contingent group annuity and structured settlement products. these reserves are generally determined as the present value of expected future benefits and expenses. for these reserves, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued or acquired with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as described above. for contracts that have recorded a premium deficiency reserve, we use assumptions as of the most recent premium deficiency reserve establishment. the primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves include mortality, retirement, maintenance expense, and investment yield assumptions. in addition, future policy benefit reserves for certain contracts also include amounts related to our deferred profit liability.
the reserves for future policy benefits of our individual annuities segment, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 4% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to reserves for the gmdb and gmib features of our variable annuities, and for the optional living benefit features that are accounted for as embedded derivatives. as discussed above, in establishing reserves for gmdbs and gmibs, we utilize current best estimate assumptions. the primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves include annuitization, lapse, withdrawal and mortality assumptions, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions. lapse rates are adjusted at the contract level based on the in-the-moneyness of the living benefit and reflect other factors, such as the applicability of any surrender charges. lapse rates are reduced when contracts are more in-the-money. lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower for the period where surrender charges apply.
the reserves for certain optional living benefit features, including guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits ("gmab"), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ("gmwb") and guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits ("gmiwb"), are accounted for as embedded derivatives, with fair values calculated as the present value of expected future benefit payments to contractholders less the present value of assessed rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. this methodology could result in either a liability or contra-liability balance, given changing capital market conditions and various actuarial assumptions. since there is no observable active market for the transfer of these obligations, the valuations are calculated using internally-developed models with option pricing techniques. the models are based on a risk neutral valuation framework and incorporate premiums for risks inherent in valuation techniques, inputs, and the general uncertainty around the timing and amount of future cash flows. the significant inputs to the valuation models for these embedded derivatives include capital market assumptions, such as interest rate levels and volatility assumptions, the company's market-perceived risk of its own non-performance ("npr"), as well as actuarially determined assumptions, including contractholder behavior, such as lapse rates, benefit utilization rates, withdrawal rates, and mortality rates. capital market inputs and actual contractholders' account values are updated each quarter based on capital market conditions as of the end of the quarter, including interest rates, equity markets and volatility. in the risk neutral valuation, the initial swap curve drives the total returns used to grow the contractholders' account values. the company's discount rate assumption is based on the libor swap curve adjusted for an additional spread relative to libor to reflect npr. actuarial assumptions, including contractholder behavior and mortality, are reviewed at least annually, and updated based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data, such as available industry studies or market transactions such as acquisitions and reinsurance transactions. for additional information regarding the valuation of these optional living benefit features, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
the future policy benefit reserves for our individual life segment, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 5% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to term life, universal life and variable life products. for term life contracts, the future policy benefit reserves are determined as the present value of expected future benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders plus the present value of future maintenance expenses less the present value of future net premiums. for these reserves, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued or acquired with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as described above. the primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality, lapse, and maintenance expense assumptions. for variable and universal life products, which include universal life contracts that contain no-lapse guarantees, reserves are established using current best estimate assumptions, as described above.
the reserves for future policy benefits of our group insurance segment, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 2% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to reserves for group life and disability benefits. for short-duration contracts, a liability is established when the claim occurs. the reserves for group life and disability benefits include our liability of $2.7 billion for unpaid claims and claim adjustment expenses for our group insurance segment as of december 31, 2016, which relates primarily to the group long-term disability product. this liability represents our estimate of future disability claim payments and expenses as well as estimates of claims that have been incurred, but have not yet been reported, as of the balance sheet date. the liability is determined as the present value of expected future claim payments and expenses. the primary assumptions used in determining expected future claim payments are claim termination factors, an assumed interest rate and expected social security offsets. long-term disability claims and claim termination experience may be affected by the economic environment and internal factors such as our claims management process. the remaining reserves for future policy benefits for group life and disability benefits relate primarily to our group life business, and include reserves for waiver of premium, claims in course of settlement and claims incurred but not reported. the waiver of premium reserve is calculated as the present value of future benefits, and utilizes assumptions such as expected mortality and recovery rates. the claims in course of settlement reserve is based on the inventory of claims that have been reported but not yet paid. the claims incurred but not reported reserve is estimated using expected patterns of claims reporting.
the reserves for future policy benefits of our corporate & other operations, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 2% of our total future policy benefit reserves, primarily relate to our long-term care products. these reserves are generally determined as the present value of expected future benefits and expenses less future premiums. most contracts have recorded a premium deficiency reserve, for which we use assumptions as of the most recent premium deficiency reserve establishment. the primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves include interest rate, morbidity, mortality, lapse, premium rate increase and maintenance expense assumptions. in addition, certain less significant reserves for our long-term care products, such as our disabled life reserves, are established using current best estimate actuarial assumptions, as described above.
the future policy benefit reserves for the traditional participating life insurance products of the closed block division, which as of december 31, 2016, represented 21% of our total future policy benefit reserves are determined using the net level premium method. under this method, the future policy benefit reserves are accrued as a level proportion of the premium paid by the policyholder. in applying this method, we use mortality assumptions to determine our expected future benefits and expected future premiums, and apply an interest rate to determine the present value of both the expected future benefit payments and the expected future premiums. the mortality assumptions are based on standard industry mortality tables that were used to determine the cash surrender value of the policies, and the interest rates used are the interest rates used to calculate the cash surrender value of the policies.
profits followed by losses in certain instances, the policyholder liability for a particular line of business may not be deficient in the aggregate to trigger loss recognition, but the pattern of earnings may be such that profits are expected to be recognized in earlier years followed by losses in later years. in these situations, accounting standards require that an additional liability (profits followed by losses or "pfl" liability) be recognized by an amount necessary to sufficiently offset the losses that would be recognized in later years. as a result, in connection with the second quarter assumption updates we recorded a charge to earnings of $444 million to recognize a pfl liability based on our current estimate of the present value of the amount necessary to offset losses anticipated in future periods. because the liability is measured on a discounted basis, there will also be accretion into future earnings through an interest charge, and the liability will ultimately be released into earnings as an offset to future losses. this pfl liability is predominantly associated with certain universal life contracts that measure gaap reserves using a dynamic approach and accordingly, will be updated each quarter using current inforce and market data and as part of the annual assumption update.
sensitivity for future policy benefit reserves we expect the future benefit reserves in our individual annuities segment that are based on current best estimate assumptions, and those that represent embedded derivatives recorded at fair value, to be the ones most likely to drive variability in earnings from period to period.
for the gmdb and gmib features of our variable annuities in our individual annuities segment, the reserves for these contracts are significantly influenced by the future rate of return assumptions. the following table provides a demonstration of the sensitivity of the reserves for gmdbs and gmibs related to variable annuity contracts relative to our future rate of return assumptions by quantifying the adjustments to these reserves that would be required assuming both a 100 basis point increase and decrease in our future rate of return. the information below is for illustrative purposes only and considers only the direct effect of changes in our future rate of return on operating results due to the change in the reserve balance and not changes in any other assumptions such as persistency or mortality included in our evaluation of the reserves, or any changes on dac or other balances, discussed above in "-deferred policy acquisition and other costs."
decrease in future rate of return by 100 bps   $186
increase in future rate of return by 100 bps   $(143                           )
in addition to the impact of market performance relative to our future rate of return assumptions, other factors may also drive variability in the change in reserves, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. in 2016, updates to lapse, mortality and utilization rate assumptions, partially offset by updates to projected interest rate assumptions, drove the most significant changes to these reserves.
for certain optional living benefit features of the variable annuities in our individual annuities segment that are accounted for as embedded derivatives, the changes in reserves are significantly impacted by changes in both the capital markets assumptions and actuarial assumptions. capital market inputs and actual policyholders' account values are updated each quarter based on capital market conditions as of the end of the quarter, while actuarial assumptions are reviewed at least annually, and updated based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data. for additional information about the impacts of capital markets assumptions, including interest rates, npr credit spreads and equity returns, refer to "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below. in 2016, updates to excess withdrawal assumptions and mapping of funds to related indices, partially offset by updates to utilization efficiency assumptions drove the most significant changes to these reserves. other factors may also drive variability in the change in reserves, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time.
unearned revenue reserve our unearned revenue reserve ("urr"), reported as a component of "policyholders' account balances," was $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2016. this reserve primarily relates to variable and universal life products within our individual life segment and represents policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. the charges are deferred as unearned revenue and are generally amortized over the expected life of the contract in proportion to the product's estimated gross profits, similar to dac as discussed above.
for the variable and universal life policies of our individual life segment, a significant portion of our gross profits is derived from mortality margins. as a result, our estimates of future gross profits are significantly influenced by our mortality assumptions. our mortality assumptions are used to estimate future death claims over the life of these policies and are developed based on company experience, industry experience and/or other factors. unless a material change in mortality experience that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend is observed in an interim period, we generally update our mortality assumptions annually. updates to our mortality assumptions in future periods could have a significant adverse or favorable effect on the results of our operations in the individual life segment.
the urr balance associated with the variable and universal life policies of our individual life segment as of december 31, 2016 was $2.1 billion. the following table provides a demonstration of the sensitivity of that urr balance relative to our future mortality assumptions by quantifying the adjustments that would be required, assuming both an increase and decrease in our future mortality rate by 1%. the information below is for illustrative purposes only and considers only the direct effect of changes in our mortality assumptions on the urr balance and not changes in any other assumptions such as persistency, future rate of return, or expenses included in our evaluation of urr. it does not reflect changes in assets, such as dac, which would partially offset the adjustments to the urr balance reflected below. the impact of dac is discussed in more detail above in "-deferred policy acquisition and other costs."
decrease in future mortality by 1%   $47
increase in future mortality by 1%   $(47                  )
in addition to the impact of mortality experience relative to our assumptions, other factors may also drive variability in the change in reserves, particularly when our annual assumption updates are performed. as noted above, however, the impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. in 2016, valuation system conversion and methodology changes drove the most significant changes to our urr reserve.
pension and other postretirement benefits we sponsor pension and other postretirement benefit plans covering employees who meet specific eligibility requirements. our net periodic costs for these plans consider an assumed discount (interest) rate, an expected rate of return on plan assets, expected increases in compensation levels, mortality and trends in health care costs. of these assumptions, our expected rate of return assumptions and our discount rate assumptions have historically had the most significant effect on our net period costs associated with these plans.
we determine our expected rate of return on plan assets based upon a building block approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance and the effect of rebalancing for the equity, debt and real estate asset mix applied on a weighted average basis to our pension asset portfolio. see note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for our actual asset allocations by asset category and the asset allocation ranges prescribed by our investment policy guidelines for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans. our assumed long-term rate of return for 2016 was 6.25% for our domestic pension plans and 7.00% for our other postretirement benefit plans. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2015, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our domestic pension and other domestic postretirement benefit plans that was 100 bps higher or 100 bps lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic costs would have been as shown in the table below. the information provided in the table below considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the measurement year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps   $(118                               )                         $(15                                        )
decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps   $118                                                          $15
foreign pension plans represent 5% of plan assets at the beginning of 2016. an increase in expected rate of return by 100 bps would result in a decrease in net periodic pension costs of $6 million; conversely, a decrease in expected rate of return by 100 bps would result in an increase in net periodic pension costs of $5 million.
we determine our discount rate, used to value the pension and postretirement benefit obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the december 31, 2015 methodology we employed to determine our discount rate for 2016. our assumed discount rate for 2016 was 4.50% for our domestic pension plans and 4.35% for our other domestic postretirement benefit plans. given the amount of pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2015, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our domestic pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 bps higher or 100 bps lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic costs would have been as shown in the table below. the information provided in the table below considers only changes in our assumed discount rate without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate.
foreign pension plans represent 13% of plan obligations at the beginning of 2016. an increase in discount rate by 100 bps would result in a decrease in net periodic pension costs of $4 million; conversely, a decrease in discount rate by 100 bps would result in an increase in net periodic pension costs of $8 million.
given the application of the authoritative guidance for accounting for pensions, and the deferral and amortization of actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in our assumed discount rate, the change in net periodic pension cost arising from an increase in the assumed discount rate by 100 bps would not always be expected to equal the change in net periodic pension cost arising from a decrease in the assumed discount rate by 100 bps.
for a discussion of our expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate for our qualified pension plan in 2016, see "-results of operations by segment-corporate and other."
for purposes of calculating pension income from our own qualified pension plan for the year ended december 31, 2017, we will decrease the discount rate to 4.15% from 4.50% in 2016. the expected rate of return on plan assets will remain unchanged at 6.25%, and the assumed rate of increase in compensation will remain unchanged at 4.5%.
in addition to the effect of changes in our assumptions, the net periodic cost or benefit from our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may change due to factors such as actual experience being different from our assumptions, special benefits to terminated employees, or changes in benefits provided under the plans.
at december 31, 2016, the sensitivity of our domestic and foreign pension and postretirement obligations to a 100 basis point change in discount rate was as follows:
increase/(decrease) inpension benefits obligation             increase/(decrease) inaccumulated postretirementbenefits obligation
taxes on income our effective tax rate is based on income, non-taxable and non-deductible items, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments regarding business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. the dividend received deduction ("drd") is a major reason for the difference between the company's effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35%. the drd estimate incorporates the prior year results as well as the current year's equity market performance. both the current estimate of the drd and the drd in future periods can vary based on factors such as, but not limited to, changes in the amount of dividends received that are eligible for the drd, changes in the amount of distributions received from underlying fund investments, changes in the account balances of variable life and annuity contracts, and the company's taxable income before the drd.
the company provides for u.s. income taxes on unremitted foreign earnings from certain operations in japan, korea, brazil, germany and taiwan. unremitted foreign earnings from operations in other foreign jurisdictions are considered to be permanently reinvested. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of unremitted earnings for which the company provides u.s. income taxes.
an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by one percent of income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures, would have resulted in an increase or decrease in our consolidated income from continuing operations before equity in earnings of operating joint ventures in 2016 of $57 million.
the company's liability for income taxes includes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and interest that relate to tax years still subject to review by the internal revenue service ("irs") or other taxing authorities. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the impact in 2016, 2015 and 2014 of changes to our total unrecognized tax benefits. we do not anticipate any significant changes within the next twelve months to our total unrecognized tax benefits related to tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired.
the company's affiliates in japan and korea file separate tax returns and are subject to audits by the local taxing authority. the general statute of limitations for japan and korea are five years from when the return is filed.
contingencies a contingency is an existing condition that involves a degree of uncertainty that will ultimately be resolved upon the occurrence of future events. under u.s. gaap, accruals for contingencies are required to be established when the future event is probable and its impact can be reasonably estimated, such as in connection with an unresolved legal matter. the initial reserve reflects management's best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised accordingly as facts and circumstances change and, ultimately, when the matter is brought to closure.
adoption of new accounting pronouncements there are no new critical accounting estimates resulting from new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2016. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of newly issued accounting pronouncements.
results of operations by segment u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division individual annuities the individual annuities segment includes both variable and fixed annuities that may include optional guaranteed living benefits riders (e.g., guaranteed minimum income benefits ("gmib"), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits ("gmab"), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ("gmwb"), and guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits ("gmiwb")), and/or guaranteed minimum death benefits ("gmdb"). we also offer fixed annuities that provide a guarantee of principal and interest credited at rates we determine, subject to certain contractual minimums. we derive our revenue mainly from fee income generated on variable annuity account values, as the investment return on these contractholder funds is generally attributed directly to the contractholder. we also earn investment income on general account assets supporting annuity account values and certain other management fees. our expenses primarily consist of interest credited and other benefits to contractholders, amortization of dac and other costs, non-deferred expenses related to the selling and servicing of the various products we offer, costs of managing certain risks associated with these products, changes in the reserves for benefit guarantees and other general business expenses. these drivers of our business results are generally included in adjusted operating income, with exceptions related to certain guarantees, as discussed below.
the u.s. gaap accounting and our adjusted operating income treatment for our guarantees differ depending upon the specific contractual features. under u.s. gaap, the reserves for gmdb and gmib are calculated based on best estimates applying our actuarial and capital markets return assumptions in accordance with an insurance fulfillment accounting framework whereby a liability is established over time representing the portion of fees collected that is expected to be used to satisfy the obligation to pay benefits in future periods. the risks associated with these benefit features are retained and results are included in adjusted operating income in a manner generally consistent with u.s. gaap.
in contrast, certain of our guaranteed living benefit riders (e.g., gmab, gmwb and gmiwb) are accounted for under u.s. gaap as embedded derivatives and reported using a fair value accounting framework. these benefit features are carried at fair value based on estimates of assumptions a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives and the change in fair value during each reporting period is recorded within "realized investment gains (losses), net." for purposes of measuring segment performance, adjusted operating income excludes the changes in fair value and instead reflects the performance of these riders using an insurance fulfillment accounting framework. under this framework, adjusted operating income recognized each period reflects the rider fees earned during the period less the portion of such fees estimated to be required to cover future benefit payments and hedging costs. for more information on how we determine the portion of fees needed to cover estimated future benefit payments and hedging costs, see "variable annuity risks and risk mitigants" below.
account values account values are a significant driver of our operating results. since most fees are determined by the level of separate account assets, fee income varies according to the level of account values. additionally, our fee income generally drives other items such as the pattern of amortization of dac and other costs. account values are driven by net flows from new business sales, surrenders, withdrawals and benefit payments, the impact of market value changes, which can be either positive or negative, and policy charges. the annuity industry's competitive and regulatory landscapes, which have been dynamic over the last few years, may impact our net flows, including new business sales. the following table sets forth account value information for the periods indicated.
benefit payments                                                        (1,794    )             (1,910    )             (1,799    )
change in market value, interest credited and other activity             9,012                    (585    )              8,666
(1)   includes variable and fixed annuities sold as retail investment products. investments sold through defined contribution plan products are included with such products within the retirement segment. variable annuity account values were $153.3 billion, $149.4 billion and $155.1 billion as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. fixed annuity account values were $3.5 billion, $3.5 billion and $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. the increase in account values during 2016 was largely driven by favorable changes in the market value of contractholder funds, partially offset by contract charges on contractholder accounts and benefit payments. net sales for 2016 decreased compared to 2015 reflecting lower gross sales partially offset by lower surrenders and withdrawals. the decline in gross sales for 2016 compared to 2015 was largely driven by decreased sales of our prudential premier® retirement variable annuity with "highest daily" benefit riders and prudential premier® investment variable annuity ("ppi"). the declines in gross sales were partially offset by increases in sales of our prudential defined income variable annuity ("pdi") product.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. the decrease in account values during 2015 was largely driven by contract charges on contractholder accounts, benefit payments and unfavorable changes in the market value of contractholder funds. the decline in net sales for 2015 compared to 2014 was largely driven by a decrease in sales of our products with the highest daily benefit, partially offset by an increase in sales of our ppi and pdi products.
operating results the following table sets forth the individual annuities segment's operating results for the periods indicated.
operating results:
benefits and expenses                                                                                                     2,901                 2,898                 3,243
adjusted operating income                                                                                                 1,765                 1,797                 1,467
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                          2,031                 1,588        521
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures          $3,864                $2,761                $1,851
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income decreased $32 million. excluding the impacts of changes in the estimated profitability of the business, discussed below, adjusted operating income decreased $8 million. the decrease was primarily driven by lower asset-based fee income, net of associated costs, as well as higher general and administrative expenses including business growth initiatives. the decrease in asset-based fee income, net of a related decrease in asset-based commissions, was driven by a decline in average variable annuity account values and the decrease in the average effective fee rate as fee rates on recent sales are generally lower than fee rates on the inforce block. this decrease was partially offset by an increase due to greater efficiency in managing product risks associated with a recently implemented asset-liability management strategy discussed below. partially offsetting this net decline were increases in net investment income driven by higher income on non-coupon investments and higher invested assets, as well as lower amortization costs and lower interest expense. this net decline was also partially offset by the absence of certain costs for contract cancellations incurred in 2015.
adjustments to the amortization of dac and other costs and to the reserves for certain living and/or death benefit features of our variable annuity products resulted in a net benefit of $138 million and $162 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the net benefits primarily reflected the net impact of equity market performance on contractholder accounts and hedge effectiveness (beginning in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of our new alm strategy) relative to our assumptions, as well as a net benefit resulting from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $330 million. excluding the impacts of changes in the estimated profitability of the business, discussed below, adjusted operating income increased $39 million. the increase was driven by higher asset-based fee income due to growth in average variable annuity account values, net of a related increase in asset-based commissions, a decline in interest expense driven by lower debt, and a decline in amortization costs. partially offsetting this net increase were costs for contract cancellations in connection with remediation of an error in an illustration contained in certain product marketing materials, higher operating expenses and a decline in net investment income driven by lower income on non-coupon investments.
adjustments to the amortization of dac and other costs and to the reserves for the gmdb and gmib features of our variable annuity products resulted in a net benefit of $162 million and a net charge of $129 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the $162 million net benefit in 2015 primarily reflected the net impact of equity market performance on contractholder accounts relative to our assumptions, as well as a net benefit resulting from our annual review and update of assumptions. the $129 million net charge in 2014 primarily reflected the impact of lower expected rates of return on fixed income investments within contractholder accounts and on future expected claims relative to our assumptions, which more than offset a net favorable impact from equity market performance. partially offsetting this net charge was a net benefit resulting from the annual review and update of assumptions performed in that year.
revenues, benefits and expenses
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues decreased $29 million. excluding the $5 million net decrease related to the impacts of certain changes in our estimated profitability of the business discussed above, revenues decreased $24 million, primarily driven by a decrease in policy charges and fee income, asset management and service fees and other income, primarily due to a decline in average variable annuity account values. partially offsetting this decrease was an increase in net investment income driven by higher income on non-coupon investments and higher invested assets, and an increase in premiums reflecting an increase in annuitizations of our variable annuity contracts, with offsets in policyholders' benefits, as discussed below.
benefits and expenses increased $3 million. excluding the $19 million net increase related to the impacts of certain changes in our estimated profitability of the business discussed above, benefits and expenses decreased $16 million. interest credited to policyholders' account balances and amortization of dac decreased $21 million and $12 million, respectively, driven by lower fee income, as discussed above. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, decreased $10 million driven by lower asset management costs and lower asset-based commissions due to lower average account values, partially offset by higher operating expenses. partially offsetting these decreases was a $25 million increase in policyholders' benefits, including changes in reserves, primarily reflecting an increase in annuitizations of our variable annuity contracts with offsets in premiums, as discussed above.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues decreased $15 million, primarily driven by a $27 million decrease in net investment income due to lower income on non-coupon investments, partially offset by a $19 million increase in policy charges and fee income due to growth in average variable annuity account values.
benefits and expenses decreased $345 million. excluding the $291 million net decrease related to the impacts of certain changes in our estimated profitability of the business discussed above, benefits and expenses decreased $54 million. interest expense decreased $38 million driven by lower debt and interest credited to policyholders' account balances decreased $26 million driven by lower average account values in the general account. partially offsetting these decreases was a $14 million increase in policyholders' benefits driven by costs for contract cancellations, as discussed above.
variable annuity risks and risk mitigants the primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital markets assumptions such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, along with actuarial assumptions such as contractholder mortality, the timing and amount of annuitization and withdrawals, and contract lapses. for these risk exposures, achievement of our expected returns is subject to the risk that actual experience will differ from the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products. we currently manage our exposure to certain risks driven by capital markets fluctuations primarily through a combination of three strategies described below including product design features, external reinsurance and our asset liability management strategy.
product design features certain of the variable annuity contracts that we offer include an automatic rebalancing feature, also referred to as an asset transfer feature. this feature is implemented at the contract level, and transfers assets between certain variable investment sub-accounts selected by the annuity contractholder and, depending on the benefit feature, a fixed-rate account in the general account or a bond fund sub-account within the separate accounts. the automatic rebalancing feature associated with currently-sold highest daily benefit products uses a designated bond fund sub-account within the separate accounts. the transfers are based on a static mathematical formula used with the particular benefit which considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the impact of investment performance on the contractholder's total account value. the objective of the automatic rebalancing feature is to reduce our exposure to equity market risk and market volatility. other product design features we utilize include, among others, asset allocation restrictions, minimum issuance age requirements and certain limitations on the amount of contractholder premiums, as well as a required minimum allocation to our general account for certain of our products. we have also introduced products that diversify our risk profile and have incorporated provisions in product design allowing frequent revisions of key pricing elements. in addition, there is diversity in our fee arrangements, as certain fees are primarily based on the benefit guarantee amount, the contractholder account value and/or premiums, which helps preserve certain revenue streams when market fluctuations cause account values to decline.
external reinsurance effective april 1, 2015, we entered into an agreement with union hamilton reinsurance, ltd. ("union hamilton"), an external counterparty, to reinsure approximately 50% of the highest daily lifetime income ("hdi") v.3.0 business. hdi v.3.0 is the most current version of our "highest daily" living benefits guarantee that is available with our prudential premier® retirement variable annuity. this reinsurance agreement covered most new hdi v.3.0 variable annuity business issued between april 1, 2015 and december 31, 2016 on a quota share basis, not to exceed union hamilton's quota share of $5.0 billion for new rider premiums through december 31, 2016. from april 1, 2015 through december 31, 2016, approximately $2.9 billion of new rider premiums were ceded to union hamilton under this agreement. reinsurance on business subject to this agreement remains in force for the duration of the underlying annuity contracts. new sales of hdi v.3.0 subsequent to december 31, 2016 are not covered by this external reinsurance agreement.
asset liability management ("alm") strategy (including fixed income instruments and derivatives)
under our historical hedging program to manage certain capital market risks associated with certain variable annuity living benefit guarantees, we utilized the u.s. gaap valuation, with certain modifications, to derive a hedge target that was more reflective of our best estimate of future benefit payments, net of fees collected. derivative positions were entered into that sought to offset the change in value of the hedge target.
during the third quarter of 2016, we implemented a new alm strategy that utilizes a combination of both traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to help defray potential claims associated with our variable annuity living benefit guarantees. under the revised strategy, expected living benefit claims under less severe market conditions are managed through the accumulation of fixed income instruments and potential living benefit claims resulting from more severe market conditions are hedged using derivative instruments. we expect the revised strategy to result in more efficient management of our capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to capital markets movements.
the change in hedge strategy had no impact on how we value or account for the living benefit guarantees under u.s. gaap. however, under the new alm strategy, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, adjusted operating income includes the fees earned that are in excess of the estimated portion of fees required to cover expected claims and hedge costs for the economic liability. the portion of fees required to cover such costs is updated quarterly to reflect updated estimates and actual experience. the effectiveness of our hedging program as measured by comparing the change in value of our hedging assets to the change in value of the liability we are attempting to hedge will ultimately be reflected in adjusted operating income over time through the inclusion of actual hedge costs. expected costs are updated periodically along with our expectation of claims. for adjusted operating income purposes, dac and other costs are fully amortized over the life of the contracts proportional to our actual and estimated gross profits under the adjusted operating income framework described above. overall, we generally expect this strategy to result in a higher portion of fees being recognized in adjusted operating income than under our prior strategy.
the following table provides a reconciliation between the liability reported under u.s. gaap and the economic liability we intend to manage through our alm strategy.
as of december 31,
u.s. gaap liability (including non-performance risk)                                    $8,179
non-performance risk adjustment                                                          7,136
adjustments including risk margins and valuation methodology differences                (5,663        )
economic liability managed by alm strategy                                              $9,652
as of december 31, 2016, we have sufficient fixed income instruments and derivative assets supporting the economic liability within the entities in which the risks reside.
under the new alm strategy, we expect differences in the u.s. gaap net income impact between the changes in value of the fixed income instruments and derivatives as compared to the changes in the embedded derivative liability these assets support. these differences can be primarily attributed to three distinct areas:
•   different valuation methodologies in measuring the liability we intend to cover with fixed income instruments and derivatives versus the liability reported under u.s. gaap-the valuation methodology utilized in estimating the economic liability we intend to defray with fixed income instruments and derivatives is different from that required to be utilized to measure the liability under u.s. gaap. the valuation of the economic liability excludes certain items that are included within the u.s. gaap liability, such as non-performance risk ("npr") (in order to maximize protection irrespective of the possibility of our own default), as well as risk margins (required by u.s. gaap but different from our best estimate).
•   different accounting treatment between liabilities and assets supporting those liabilities-under u.s. gaap, changes in value of the embedded derivative liability and derivative instruments used to hedge a portion of the economic liability are immediately reflected in net income. in contrast, changes in fair value of fixed income instruments that support a portion of the economic liability are designated as available for sale and are not recorded in net income but rather are recorded as unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income.
•   general hedge results-for the derivative portion of the alm strategy, the net hedging impact (the extent to which the changes in value of the hedging instruments offset the change in value of the portion of the economic liability we are hedging) may be impacted by a number of factors including: cash flow timing differences between our hedging instruments and the corresponding portion of the economic liability we are hedging, basis differences attributable to actual underlying contractholder funds to be hedged versus hedgeable indices, rebalancing costs related to dynamic rebalancing of hedging instruments as markets move, certain elements of the economic liability that may not be hedged (including certain actuarial assumptions), and implied and realized market volatility on the hedge positions relative to the portion of the economic liability we seek to hedge.
for the portion of our alm strategy executed with derivatives, we enter into a range of exchange-traded, cleared and over-the-counter ("otc") equity and interest rate derivatives including, but not limited to: equity and treasury futures; total return and interest rate swaps; and options including equity options, swaptions, and floors and caps.
the following table illustrates the net impact to our consolidated statements of operations from changes in the u.s. gaap embedded derivative liability and hedge positions, and the related amortization of dac and other costs, for the periods indicated.
excluding impact of assumption updates and other refinements:
net hedging impact(2)(3)                                                                                                                                                     $(692    )          $(547    )            $(421    )
change in portions of u.s. gaap liability, before npr(4)                                                                                                                     1,745                 (67    )           (1,997    )
change in the npr adjustment                                                                                                                                                (1,097    )          2,243                 3,824
net impact from changes in the u.s. gaap embedded derivative and hedge positions-reported in individual annuities                                                              (44    )          1,629                 1,406
related benefit (charge) to amortization of dac and other costs                                                                                                               $243               $(701    )            $(496    )
net impact of assumption updates and other refinements                                                                                                                       1,455                 (34    )             (631    )
net impact from changes in the u.s. gaap embedded derivative and hedge positions, after the impact of npr, dac and other costs-reported in individual annuities(3)          $1,654                $894                  $279
(1)   positive amount represents income; negative amount represents a loss.
(2)   net hedging impact represents the difference between the change in fair value of the risk we seek to hedge using derivatives and the change in fair value of the derivatives utilized with respect to that risk.
(3)   excludes $(1,523) million, $(585) million and $(3,036) million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, representing the impact of managing interest rate risk through capital management strategies other than hedging of particular exposures. because this decision was based on the capital considerations of the company as a whole, the impact was reported in corporate and other operations. see "-corporate and other."
(4)   represents risk margins and valuation methodology differences between the economic liability managed by the alm strategy and the u.s. gaap liability, as well as the portion of the economic liability managed with fixed income instruments.
the net gain of $1,654 million for 2016 primarily reflected the impact of a $1,455 million benefit from our annual review and update of assumptions, driven by modifications to both our actuarial assumptions, including updates to expected withdrawal rates, as well as economic assumptions. the net gain also reflected the changes in the portions of the u.s. gaap liability before npr that are excluded from our hedge target. this impact was partially offset by changes in the npr adjustment, primarily driven by tightening of credit spreads. to a lesser extent, results also reflected net hedging impacts, primarily driven by unfavorable liability basis. each of these items had corresponding partial offsets included in the related impacts to amortization of dac and other costs. amortization of dac and other costs also included a benefit of $515 million related to changes in our estimate of total gross profits as a result of the implementation of the new alm strategy in the third quarter of 2016 described above.
the net gain of $894 million for 2015 primarily reflected a $2,243 million net benefit from the change in the npr adjustment, driven by net increases in the base embedded derivative liability before npr primarily due to declining interest rates and widening credit spreads. this impact was partially offset by a $547 million net charge from changes in the value of our historically defined hedge target, and related hedge positions, primarily driven by fund underperformance relative to indices and unfavorable liability basis. each of these items resulted in partial offsets included in the $701 million related charge to the amortization of dac and other costs. the net charge from the impact of assumption updates and other refinements of $34 million resulted from our annual review and update of assumptions, primarily driven by modifications to our actuarial assumptions and other refinements. results also reflected the changes in the portions of the u.s. gaap liability that are excluded from our historically defined hedge target, net of related impacts to the amortization of dac and other costs.
the net gain of $279 million for 2014 primarily reflected a $3,824 million net benefit from the change in the npr adjustment driven by net increases in the base embedded derivative liability before npr, primarily due to declining interest rates. this impact was partially offset by a $421 million net charge from changes in the value of our historically defined hedge target and related hedge positions, primarily driven by fund underperformance relative to indices and unfavorable liability basis. each of these items resulted in partial offsets included in the $496 million related charge to the amortization of dac and other costs. the net charge from the impact of assumption updates and other refinements of $631 million was primarily driven by modifications to our actuarial assumptions, including updates to our lapse assumption, to reflect our review of emerging experience, future expectations and other data, and other refinements. results also reflected the changes in the portions of the u.s. gaap liability that are excluded from our historically defined hedge target, net of related impacts to the amortization of dac and other costs. in addition, results included a net charge of $35 million related to prior periods. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for information regarding the capital protection framework we use to evaluate and support the risks of the alm strategy, see "-liquidity and capital resources-capital."
through march 31, 2016, we reinsured living benefit guarantees issued by our domestic statutory life insurance companies to a captive reinsurance company, pruco re, in order to facilitate the capital markets hedging program for these living benefit guarantees. effective april 1, 2016, as part of the variable annuities recapture, living benefit guarantees and certain retirement products were recaptured. the variable annuities recapture resulted in the transfer of these product risks to certain of our domestic statutory life insurance companies. the alm strategy described above is executed within these domestic insurance companies. after the foregoing transactions, pruco re no longer had any material active reinsurance with affiliates. on september 30, 2016, pruco re was merged with and into palac.
product specific risks and risk mitigants for certain living benefits guarantees, claims will primarily represent the funding of contractholder lifetime withdrawals after the cumulative withdrawals have first exhausted the contractholder account value. due to the age of the in force block, limited claim payments have occurred to date, and they are not expected to increase significantly within the next five years, based upon current assumptions. the timing and amount of future claims will depend on actual returns on contractholder account value and actual contractholder behavior relative to our assumptions. the majority of our current living benefits guarantees provide for guaranteed lifetime contractholder withdrawal payments inclusive of a "highest daily" contract value guarantee. our pdi variable annuity complements our variable annuity products with the highest daily benefit and provides for guaranteed lifetime contractholder withdrawal payments, but restricts contractholder asset allocation to a single bond fund sub-account within the separate accounts.
the majority of our variable annuity contracts with living benefits guarantees, and all new contracts sold with our highest daily living benefits feature, include risk mitigants in the form of an automatic rebalancing feature and/or inclusion in our alm strategy. we may also utilize external reinsurance as a form of additional risk mitigation. the risks associated with the guaranteed benefits of certain legacy products that were sold prior to our development of the automatic rebalancing feature are also managed through our alm strategy. certain legacy gmab products include the automatic rebalancing feature, but are not included in the alm strategy. the pdi product and contracts with the gmib feature have neither risk mitigant. certain risks associated with pdi are managed through the limitation of contractholder asset allocations to a single bond fund sub-account.
for our gmdbs, we provide a benefit payable in the event of death. our base gmdb is generally equal to a return of cumulative deposits adjusted for any partial withdrawals. certain products include an optional enhanced gmdb based on the greater of a minimum return on the contract value or an enhanced value. we have retained the risk that the total amount of death benefit payable may be greater than the contractholder account value. however, a substantial portion of the account values associated with gmdbs are subject to an automatic rebalancing feature because the contractholder also selected a living benefit guarantee which includes an automatic rebalancing feature. all of the variable annuity account values with living benefit guarantees also contain gmdbs. the living and death benefit features for these contracts cover the same insured life and, consequently, we have insured both the longevity and mortality risk on these contracts.
the following table sets forth the risk management profile of our living benefit guarantees and gmdb features as of the periods indicated.
account value          % of total           account value          % of total           account value          % of total
living benefit/gmdb features(1):
both alm strategy and automatic rebalancing(2)         $106,585                 69       %         $106,018                 71       %         $110,953                 72       %
alm strategy only                                         9,409                  6       %            9,994                  7       %           11,395                  7       %
external reinsurance(3)                                   2,932                  2       %            1,513                  1       %   0                               0       %
total living benefit/gmdb features                     $130,750                                    $126,452                                    $130,220
(1)   all contracts with living benefit guarantees also contain gmdb features, covering the same insured contract.
(2)   contracts with living benefits that are included in our alm strategy, and have an automatic rebalancing feature.
(3)   represents contracts subject to reinsurance transaction with external counterparty covering new business for the period april 1, 2015 through december 31, 2016. these contracts with living benefits also have an automatic rebalancing feature.
the risk profile of our variable annuity account values as of the periods above reflect our product risk diversification strategy and the runoff of legacy products over time.
retirement operating results the following table sets forth the retirement segment's operating results for the periods indicated.
operating results(1):
benefits and expenses                                                                                                    11,864                10,890                10,862
adjusted operating income                                                                                                 1,012                   931                 1,215
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                           (281    )              255                   591
investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net                                   (21    )             (581    )              151
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes                                             25                   490                  (106    )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures            $463                $1,094                $1,847
(1)   certain of our retirement segment's non-u.s. dollar-denominated earnings are from longevity reinsurance contracts, which are denominated in british pounds sterling, and are therefore subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. effective january 1, 2016, the financial results of our retirement segment include the impact of an intercompany arrangement with our corporate and other operations designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on the segment's u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings. for more information related to this intercompany arrangement, see "-results of operations-impact of foreign currency exchange rates," above.
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $81 million. results for 2016 reflected a net benefit of $6 million from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements, driven by favorable updates to actuarial assumptions, while results for 2015 reflected no net impact from our annual review and update of assumptions. excluding this favorable comparative impact, adjusted operating income increased $74 million, primarily driven by higher net investment spread results, partially offset by a lower contribution from reserve experience, higher general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, and lower fee income. the increase in net investment spread results primarily reflected higher net prepayment fee income, growth in account values and higher income on non-coupon investments, partially offset by lower reinvestment rates net of crediting rate reductions on full service general account stable value products. the lower contribution from reserve experience primarily reflected lower mortality gains on a comparative basis for pension risk transfer contracts. the increase in general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, was primarily driven by increased legal costs. the decrease in fee income primarily reflected lower margins on full service account values. this decrease was partially offset by growth in account values and increased billed revenues.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income decreased $284 million. results for 2015 reflected no net impact from our annual review and update of assumptions, while results for 2014 reflected a $13 million net charge. excluding this favorable comparative impact, adjusted operating income decreased $297 million, primarily driven by lower net investment spread results, higher general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, and lower fee income, partially offset by a higher contribution from reserve experience. the decrease in net investment spread results primarily reflected lower income on non-coupon investments, lower reinvestment rates, lower income on derivatives used in portfolio management and lower net prepayment fee income, partially offset by growth in account values. the increase in general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, was primarily driven by business growth and costs associated with strategic initiatives. the decrease in fee income primarily reflected lower margins on full service account values and net outflows of investment-only stable value account values, partially offset by higher income from longevity reinsurance account values. the more favorable reserve impacts reflected higher mortality gains for pension risk transfer contracts.
revenues, benefits and expenses
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues increased $1,055 million. premiums increased $851 million primarily driven by pension risk transfer transactions. this increase in premiums resulted in a corresponding increase in policyholders' benefits, as discussed in benefits and expenses below. net investment income increased $181 million, primarily reflecting growth in account values as discussed below, higher prepayment fee income and higher income on non-coupon investments, partially offset by lower reinvestment rates.
benefits and expenses increased $974 million. excluding the impact of our annual review and update of assumptions, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $981 million. policyholders' benefits, including the change in policy reserves, increased $968 million, primarily related to the increase in premiums discussed above. interest credited to policyholders' account balances increased $32 million, primarily driven by higher prepayment fee income credited to experience rated account balances and growth in account values as discussed below, partially offset by the impact of crediting rate reductions on full service general account stable value account values.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues decreased $256 million. premiums decreased $68 million, primarily driven by more significant group annuity transactions in 2014, partially offset by ongoing premiums assumed for longevity reinsurance contracts sold in 2015. net investment income decreased $127 million, primarily reflecting lower income on non-coupon investments, lower reinvestment rates and lower prepayment fee income, partially offset by growth in account values. policy charges and fee income, asset management and service fees and other income decreased $61 million, primarily from lower fee income and lower income on derivatives used in portfolio management.
benefits and expenses increased $28 million. excluding the impact of our annual review and update of assumptions, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $41 million. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, increased $38 million primarily driven by business growth and costs associated with strategic initiatives. policyholders' benefits, including the change in policy reserves, increased $33 million driven by interest accrued on benefit reserves, partially offset by a decrease in group annuity premiums, as discussed above and favorable mortality for pension risk transfer contracts. partially offsetting these increases was a $35 million decrease in interest credited to policyholders' account balances, primarily driven by the impact of crediting rate reductions on full service general account stable value account values.
account values account values are a significant driver of our operating results, and are primarily driven by net additions (withdrawals) and the impact of market changes. the income we earn on our fee-based products varies with the level of fee-based account values, since many policy fees are determined by these values. the investment income and interest we credit to policyholders on our spread-based products varies with the level of general account values. to a lesser extent, changes in account values impact our pattern of amortization of dac and voba and general and administrative expenses. the following table shows the changes in the account values and net additions (withdrawals) of retirement segment products for the periods indicated. net additions (withdrawals) are plan sales and participant deposits or additions, as applicable, minus plan and participant withdrawals and benefits. account values include both internally- and externally-managed client balances as the total balances drive revenue for the retirement segment. for more information on internally-managed balances, see "-asset management."
full service:
withdrawals and benefits                                                                   (20,127    )            (21,559    )            (22,601    )
change in market value, interest credited and interest income and other activity            12,040        640                                9,361
withdrawals and benefits                                                                   (12,161    )            (15,388    )            (16,036    )
change in market value, interest credited and interest income                                5,299                   3,476                   5,833
(1)   additions primarily include: group annuities calculated based on premiums received; longevity reinsurance contracts calculated as the present value of future projected benefits; and investment-only stable value contracts calculated as the fair value of customers' funds held in a client-owned trust.
(2)   "other" activity includes the effect of foreign exchange rate changes associated with our united kingdom longevity reinsurance business, net presentation of $2,914 million in receipts offset by $2,364 million in payments related to funding agreements backed by commercial paper which typically have maturities of less than 90 days, and changes in asset balances for externally-managed accounts.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. the increase in full service account values primarily reflected the favorable changes in the market value of customer funds. the decrease in net additions was primarily driven by lower large plan sales. this decrease was partially offset by lower plan lapses, as well as net participant deposits in 2016 compared to net participant withdrawals in 2015.
the increase in institutional investment products account values primarily reflected net additions resulting from investment-only stable value accounts and pension risk transfer transactions. the increase in net additions was primarily driven by investment-only stable value accounts, which reflected net additions in 2016 compared to net withdrawals in 2015. this increase was partially offset by less net additions related to pension risk transfer transactions in 2016 as compared to 2015 and a bank-owned life insurance stable value transaction in 2015.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. the increase in full service account values primarily reflected the impact of net additions in 2015. the increase in net additions was driven by higher large plan sales and lower large plan lapses, partially offset by higher net participant withdrawals.
the increase in institutional investment products account values reflected net additions resulting from significant pension risk transfer transactions and a bank-owned life insurance stable value transaction, partially offset by net withdrawals of investment-only stable value accounts. the decrease in net additions was primarily driven by two significant longevity reinsurance transactions in 2014.
asset management operating results the following table sets forth the asset management segment's operating results for the periods indicated.
operating results(1):
adjusted operating income                                                                                                   787                   779                   785
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                             (6    )               (4    )              (10    )
equity in earnings of operating joint ventures and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                         45                    50                    41
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures            $826                  $825                  $816
(1)   certain of our asset management segment's investment activities are based in currencies other than the u.s. dollar and are therefore subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. effective january 1, 2016, the financial results of our asset management segment include the impact of an intercompany arrangement with our corporate and other operations designed to mitigate the impact of exchange rate changes on the segment's u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings. for more information related to this intercompany arrangement, see "-results of operations-impact of foreign currency exchange rates," above.
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $8 million. the increase primarily reflected higher asset management fees, net of expenses, from an increase in average fixed income assets under management as a result of net inflows and market appreciation as well as from a favorable fee rate modification within certain real estate funds, partially offset by a decline in average equity assets under management as a result of net outflows and market volatility experienced in the first half of the year. the increase was also partially offset by lower other related revenues, net of associated expenses, primarily related to lower strategic investing results and lower equity fund-related incentive fees, net of expenses.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income decreased $6 million. higher asset management fees from growth in assets under management were more than offset by higher expenses, including distribution costs associated with higher retail sales and expenses relating to business growth initiatives. the decrease also reflected lower other related revenues, net of expenses, primarily related to lower strategic investing results.
revenues and expenses the following table sets forth the asset management segment's revenues, presented on a basis consistent with the table above under "-operating results," by type.
asset management fees by source:
institutional customers                              $1,046                  $923                  $877
retail customers(1)                                     707                   764                   720
total asset management fees                           2,227                 2,135                 2,021
strategic investing                                      25                    30                    45
service, distribution and other revenues(4)             479                   568                   557
(1)   consists of fees from: individual mutual funds and variable annuities and variable life insurance separate account assets; funds invested in proprietary mutual funds through our defined contribution plan products; and third-party sub-advisory relationships. revenues from fixed annuities and the fixed-rate accounts of variable annuities and variable life insurance are included in the general account.
(2)   includes mortgage origination and spread lending revenues from our commercial mortgage origination and servicing business.
(3)   future revenues will be impacted by the level and diversification of our strategic investments, the commercial real estate market, and other domestic and international markets.
(4)   includes payments from wells fargo under an agreement dated as of july 30, 2004, implementing arrangements with respect to money market mutual funds in connection with the combination of our retail securities brokerage and clearing operations with those of wells fargo. the agreement extends for ten years after termination of the wachovia securities joint venture, which occurred on december 31, 2009. the revenue from wells fargo under this agreement was $84 million in 2016, $78 million in 2015 and $77 million in 2014.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues increased $17 million. total asset management fees increased $92 million, primarily as a result of net inflows and market appreciation within fixed income as well as from a favorable fee rate modification within certain real estate funds that occurred in the third quarter of 2016. other related revenues increased $14 million, primarily due to higher performance-based incentive fees related to certain fixed income hedge funds. partially offsetting these increases was an $89 million decrease in service, distribution and other revenues reflecting lower service and other fees as well as the deconsolidation of certain collateralized loan obligations.
expenses increased $9 million, as a result of business growth, higher compensation related to favorable fixed income results and higher performance-based incentive fees (included in noncontrolling interest), partially offset by the deconsolidation of certain funds, as discussed above.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues increased $104 million. asset management fees increased $114 million primarily as a result of higher assets under management due to positive net asset flows and market appreciation. service, distribution and other revenues increased $11 million reflecting higher fees from certain consolidated funds, which were partially offset by higher expenses related to noncontrolling interests in these funds. partially offsetting these increases was a $15 million decrease in strategic investing revenues, primarily reflecting a gain on the sale of an investment in the prior year.
expenses increased $110 million, including those related to business growth initiatives, commissions from higher retail sales and higher expenses related to revenues associated with certain consolidated funds, as discussed above.
assets under management the following table sets forth assets under management by asset class and source as of the dates indicated.
assets under management (at fair market value):
institutional customers:
institutional customers(1)                                  431.5               389.1               370.0
retail customers:
retail customers(2)                                         209.2               197.3               186.1
total assets under management                            $1,040.1              $963.1              $933.5
(1)   consists of third-party institutional assets and group insurance contracts.
(2)   consists of: individual mutual funds and variable annuities and variable life insurance separate account assets; funds invested in proprietary mutual funds through our defined contribution plan products; and third-party sub-advisory relationships. fixed annuities and the fixed-rate accounts of variable annuities and variable life insurance are included in the general account.
the following table sets forth the component changes in assets under management by asset source for the periods indicated.
institutional customers:
beginning assets under management                                      $389.1              $370.0              $341.7
net additions (withdrawals), excluding money market activity:
market appreciation (depreciation)                                       24.2                 2.6                26.9
ending assets under management                                         $431.5              $389.1              $370.0
retail customers:
beginning assets under management                                      $197.3              $186.1              $170.7
net additions (withdrawals), excluding money market activity:
market appreciation (depreciation)                                        9.1                 1.4                11.6
ending assets under management                                         $209.2              $197.3              $186.1
beginning assets under management                                      $376.7              $377.4              $357.5
net additions (withdrawals), excluding money market activity:
market appreciation (depreciation)                                       13.3                (1.5   )            25.8
ending assets under management                                         $399.4              $376.7              $377.4
(1)   includes the effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net money market activity, impact of acquired business and transfers from/(to) the retirement segment as a result of changes in the client contract form. the impact from foreign currency fluctuations, which primarily impact the general account, resulted in gains of $2.7 billion, losses of $1.7 billion and losses of $13.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2)   general account affiliated net additions (withdrawals) includes net additions of $4.6 billion from two significant pension risk transfer transactions in the retirement segment for the year ended december 31, 2014.
strategic investments the following table sets forth the strategic investments of the asset management segment at carrying value (including the value of derivative instruments used to mitigate equity market and currency risk) by asset class and source as of the dates indicated.
u.s. individual life and group insurance division individual life operating results the following table sets forth the individual life segment's operating results for the periods indicated.
operating results:
benefits and expenses                                                                                                     5,276                 4,598                 4,728
adjusted operating income                                                                                                    79                   635        498
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                             58                   166                 1,092
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures            $(86    )             $792                $1,249
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income decreased $556 million, primarily reflecting unfavorable comparative net impacts from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. results for 2016 included a $420 million net charge from these impacts, mainly driven by a charge to accrue a liability to offset the present value of losses expected to be recognized in later years ("profits followed by losses" liability, see "-accounting policies & pronouncements-policyholder liabilities") and a charge related to an out of period adjustment (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements). partially offsetting these charges was a net benefit from the impacts of other refinements. results for 2015 included a $68 million net benefit from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements, mainly driven by net favorable modifications to our economic and actuarial assumptions. excluding these impacts, adjusted operating income decreased $68 million, primarily driven by less favorable mortality experience, net of reinsurance, and higher general and administrative expenses driven by business growth initiatives, partially offset by a higher contribution from investment results.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $137 million. results for 2015 reflected a net benefit of $68 million from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements, while results for 2014 included a $63 million net charge from these updates. in addition, 2015 included $17 million of costs associated with the integration of the hartford life business, while the year 2014 included $32 million of such costs. excluding these impacts, adjusted operating income decreased $9 million. this decrease was primarily driven by less favorable mortality experience, net of reinsurance, and a lower contribution from investment results driven by lower income on non-coupon investments, partially offset by growth of our universal and term life businesses.
revenues, benefits and expenses
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues increased $122 million. excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $199 million. net investment income increased $153 million primarily reflecting higher invested assets resulting from continued business growth and higher required capital, higher prepayment fee income and higher income on non-coupon investments. policy charges and fee income, asset management and service fees and other income increased $82 million, primarily driven by growth in universal life business, partially offset by a decrease in the amortization of unearned revenue reserves, driven by the impact of changes in the estimated profitability of the business due to experience relative to our assumptions. partially offsetting these increases was a $36 million decrease in premiums, primarily driven by higher ceded reinsurance premiums which were mostly offset by reserve changes in policyholders' benefits.
benefits and expenses increased $678 million. excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $267 million. policyholders' benefits and interest credited to account balances increased $195 million primarily reflecting universal life business growth and less favorable mortality experience, partially offset by reserve changes for ceded reinsurance premiums discussed above. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, increased $40 million primarily driven by business growth and initiatives. interest expense increased $33 million related to higher reserve financing costs.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues increased $7 million. excluding the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $98 million. net investment income increased $49 million reflecting higher invested assets resulting from business growth and higher required capital, partially offset by lower investment income from unaffiliated reserve financing activity. premiums increased $48 million primarily driven by growth in our term life insurance business.
benefits and expenses decreased $130 million. excluding the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements and costs associated with the integration of the hartford life business, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $107 million. policyholders' benefits and interest credited to account balances increased $214 million primarily reflecting universal life business growth and less favorable mortality experience, net of reinsurance. interest expense increased $17 million due to higher reserve financing costs. the amortization of dac decreased $109 million, including the impact of changes in the estimated profitability of the business due to market performance and other experience relative to our assumptions. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, decreased $16 million which included lower amortization of voba primarily due to less favorable mortality experience and the impact of cost savings associated with the hartford life business integration.
sales results the following table sets forth individual life insurance annualized new business premiums, as defined under "-consolidated results of operations-segment measures" above, by distribution channel and product, for the periods indicated.
(1)   single pay life premiums and excess (unscheduled) premiums are included in annualized new business premiums based on a 10% credit and represented approximately 13%, 17% and 10% of guaranteed universal life and 3%, 7% and 8% of other universal life annualized new business premiums for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. annualized new business premiums increased $39 million, primarily driven by the continued impact of product enhancements in both universal and variable life as well as continued improvements in distribution execution.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. annualized new business premiums increased $139 million, primarily driven by pricing and other actions we have taken to enhance and diversify product sales.
group insurance operating results the following table sets forth the group insurance segment's operating results and benefits and administrative operating expense ratios for the periods indicated.
operating results:
benefits and expenses                                                                                              5,123                 4,967                 5,334
adjusted operating income                                                                                            220                   176                    23
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                      (8    )               (1    )               66
income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures            $206                  $171                   $84
benefits ratio(1):
administrative operating expense ratio(3):
(1)   ratio of policyholder benefits to earned premiums, policy charges and fee income.
(2)   benefits ratios reflect the impacts of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements. excluding these impacts, the group life, group disability and total group insurance benefits ratios were 88.5%, 82.9% and 87.5% for 2016, respectively, 89.2%, 79.2% and 87.5% for 2015, respectively, and 89.2%, 87.0% and 88.8% for 2014, respectively.
(3)   ratio of general and administrative expenses (excluding commissions) to gross premiums plus policy charges and fee income.
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $44 million, primarily reflecting favorable comparative net impacts from our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements. results for 2016 included a $41 million net benefit from these updates, while results for 2015 included a $28 million net benefit. the net benefit in 2016 was primarily driven by favorable experience related to our group disability business. excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income increased $30 million primarily reflecting more favorable underwriting results in our group life business, a higher contribution from net investment spread results, and lower net expenses, partially offset by less favorable underwriting results in our group disability business. the underwriting results in our group life business reflect a favorable impact from a reserve refinement and more favorable experience, while the underwriting results in our group disability business reflect the impact of lower claim resolutions on long-term contracts and higher benefits resulting from other claims-related charges, partially offset by the impact of fewer new claims and increased new business.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income increased $153 million, primarily reflecting favorable comparative net impacts from our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements. results for 2015 included a $28 million net benefit from these updates related to actuarial assumptions used in calculating both group disability and group life reserves and other refinements, while results for 2014 included a $107 million net charge from these updates. excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income increased $18 million primarily driven by more favorable underwriting results in our group disability business and lower expenses, partially offset by a lower contribution from net investment spread results and less favorable underwriting results in our group life business. the favorable underwriting results for our group disability business reflected the impact of higher claim resolutions and fewer new claims for long-term contracts, while the less favorable underwriting results for our group life business reflected lower premiums due to lapsed business.
revenues, benefits and expenses
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues increased $200 million. excluding a favorable comparative impact of $42 million resulting from our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues increased $158 million. the increase reflected $140 million of higher premiums and policy charges and fee income primarily driven by the increase in new business in both our group life and group disability businesses, as well as higher premiums on existing experience-rated contracts in our group life business. net investment income increased $21 million driven by higher prepayment income and income from non-coupon investments.
benefits and expenses increased $156 million. excluding an unfavorable comparative impact of $29 million resulting from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses increased $127 million. policyholders' benefits, including the change in reserves, increased $120 million, driven by the impact of new business for both our group life and group disability businesses, the impact of lower claim resolutions on long-term contracts in our group disability business, and higher benefits on existing experience-rated contracts in our group life business, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues decreased $214 million. excluding a favorable impact of $2 million resulting from our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, revenues decreased $216 million. the decrease reflected $160 million lower premiums and policy charges and fee income in both our group life and group disability businesses primarily driven by lapses resulting from continued pricing discipline on contract renewals and improved claim experience for experience-rated contracts. net investment income decreased $27 million driven by lower income from non-coupon investments.
benefits and expenses decreased $367 million. excluding a favorable impact of $133 million resulting from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements, as discussed above, benefits and expenses decreased $234 million. policyholders' benefits, including the change in reserves, decreased $198 million, driven by declines in both our group disability and group life businesses, reflecting fewer claims as a result of lapses. the decline in our group disability business also reflected the impact of higher claim resolutions for long-term contracts. the decline in our group life business also reflected improved claim experience for experience-rated contracts.
sales results the following table sets forth the group insurance segment's annualized new business premiums, as defined under "-segment measures" above, for the periods indicated.
annualized new business premiums(1):
(1)   amounts exclude new premiums resulting from rate changes on existing policies, from additional coverage under our servicemembers' group life insurance contract and from excess premiums on group universal life insurance that build cash value but do not purchase face amounts.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. total annualized new business premiums increased $162 million as we continued to grow through sales to new and existing clients in both our group life and group disability businesses while maintaining pricing and underwriting discipline.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. total annualized new business premiums increased $17 million primarily driven by sales to new and existing clients for our group life and group disability businesses, respectively.
international insurance division international insurance operating results
the results of our international insurance operations are translated on the basis of weighted average monthly exchange rates, inclusive of the effects of the intercompany arrangement discussed in "-impact of foreign currency exchange rates" above. to provide a better understanding of operating performance within the international insurance segment, where indicated below, we have analyzed our results of operations excluding the effect of the year over year change in foreign currency exchange rates. our results of operations, excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, were derived by translating foreign currencies to u.s. dollars at uniform exchange rates for all periods presented, including for constant dollar information discussed below. the exchange rates used were japanese yen at a rate of 106 yen per u.s. dollar and korean won at a rate of 1100 won per u.s. dollar, both of which were determined in connection with the foreign currency income hedging program discussed in "-impact of foreign currency exchange rates" above. in addition, for constant dollar information discussed below, activity denominated in u.s. dollars is generally reported based on the amounts as transacted in u.s. dollars. annualized new business premiums presented on a constant exchange rate basis in the "sales results" section below reflect translation based on these same uniform exchange rates.
the following table sets forth the international insurance segment's operating results for the periods indicated.
operating results:
benefits and expenses:
total benefits and expenses                                                                                              17,892                16,138                16,814
adjusted operating income:
total adjusted operating income                                                                                           3,117                 3,226                 3,252
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments(1)                                                         992                 1,215                (2,192    )
investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net                                     4                    57                   188
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes                                             (4    )              (57    )             (188    )
equity in earnings of operating joint ventures and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                        (47    )                8                     5
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures          $4,030                $4,389                $1,006
(1)   includes gains (losses) from changes in value of certain assets and liabilities relating to foreign currency exchange movements that are economically matched.
adjusted operating income
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. adjusted operating income from our life planner operations decreased $46 million including a net unfavorable impact of $97 million from currency fluctuations, inclusive of the currency hedging program discussed above. both periods included the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, which resulted in a $38 million net charge in 2016, including unfavorable economic assumption updates driven by lower interest rates in japan and korea, compared to an $11 million net charge in 2015.
excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income increased $78 million, primarily reflecting the growth of business in force and continued strong persistency in japan, and a larger contribution from non-coupon investments. these favorable impacts were partially offset by higher expenses, including those supporting business growth, and less favorable comparative mortality experience.
adjusted operating income from our gibraltar life and other operations decreased $63 million including a net unfavorable impact of $120 million from currency fluctuations, inclusive of the currency hedging program discussed above. both periods included the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements which resulted in a $34 million net charge in 2016, including unfavorable economic assumption updates driven by lower interest rates in japan, compared to a $10 million net charge in 2015.
excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income increased $81 million as the growth of business in force, including the contribution from the company's investment in afp habitat in chile in march of 2016, more favorable comparative mortality experience and lower net expenses, including a gain on the sale of a home office property in japan, were partially offset by a lower contribution from net investment spreads, primarily from lower income on non-coupon investments.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. adjusted operating income from our life planner operations decreased $4 million including a net unfavorable impact of $56 million from currency fluctuations, inclusive of the currency hedging program discussed above. both periods included the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, which resulted in an $11 million net charge in 2015 compared to a $17 million net benefit in 2014. results for 2014 also included a $24 million net unfavorable impact primarily from reserve refinements in our korean and japanese operations.
excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income increased $56 million primarily reflecting growth of business in force driven by sales results and continued strong persistency, partially offset by the impacts of higher expenses supporting business growth, lower net investment spreads and less favorable mortality experience.
adjusted operating income from our gibraltar life and other operations decreased $22 million including a net unfavorable impact of $77 million from currency fluctuations, inclusive of the currency hedging program discussed above. both periods included the impact of our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements which resulted in a $10 million net charge in 2015 compared to a $15 million net charge in 2014. results for 2014 also included a $73 million charge for reserve refinements, $30 million of which was related to 2014 and $43 million of which was related to prior periods. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
excluding the effect of these items, adjusted operating income decreased $23 million primarily reflecting higher expenses due to business growth and the absence of gains on sales of fixed assets that occurred in 2014, partially offset by a higher contribution from net investment spreads.
revenues, benefits and expenses
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. revenues from our life planner operations increased $814 million including a net favorable impact of $273 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, revenues increased $541 million. this increase was primarily driven by higher premiums and policy charges and fee income of $380 million related to growth of business in force. net investment income increased $157 million primarily reflecting investment portfolio growth related to the growth of business in force, partially offset by the impact of lower reinvestment rates.
benefits and expenses from our life planner operations increased $860 million including a net unfavorable impact of $370 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, benefits and expenses increased $490 million. policyholder benefits, including changes in reserves, increased $377 million primarily driven by business growth. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, increased $81 million primarily due to higher costs, including those supporting business growth.
revenues from our gibraltar life and other operations increased $831 million, including a net favorable impact of $386 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, revenues increased $445 million, driven by a $211 million increase in premiums and policy charges and fee income due to business growth, a $116 million increase in net investment income primarily reflecting investment portfolio growth related to the growth of business in force, partially offset by lower investment spread income, and the gain on the sale of a home office property in japan.
benefits and expenses from our gibraltar life and other operations increased $894 million including a net unfavorable impact of $506 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, benefits and expenses increased $388 million, primarily reflecting a $346 million increase in policyholder benefits, including changes in reserves, related to business growth and $21 million in general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, due to higher costs, including those supporting business growth.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues from our life planner operations decreased $95 million including a net unfavorable impact of $857 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, revenues increased $762 million. this increase was primarily driven by higher premiums and policy charges and fee income of $547 million related to growth of business in force. net investment income increased $158 million primarily reflecting investment portfolio growth, partially offset by the impact of lower reinvestment rates.
benefits and expenses from our life planner operations decreased $91 million including a net favorable impact of $801 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, benefits and expenses increased $710 million. policyholder benefits, including changes in reserves, increased $520 million primarily driven by business growth. general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization, increased $116 million primarily due to higher distribution costs and other costs supporting business growth. amortization of dac increased $66 million, driven by business growth.
revenues from our gibraltar life and other operations decreased $607 million, including a net unfavorable impact of $929 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, revenues increased $322 million, driven by a $306 million increase in premiums and policy charges and fee income due to business growth, and an $89 million increase in net investment income driven by higher net investment spreads. these increases were partially offset by a decline of $57 million in other income, primarily reflecting the absence of gains on sales of fixed assets that occurred in 2014.
benefits and expenses from our gibraltar life and other operations decreased $585 million including a net favorable impact of $852 million from currency fluctuations. excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, benefits and expenses increased $267 million, primarily reflecting a $272 million increase in policyholder benefits, including changes in reserves, driven by business growth.
sales results the following table sets forth annualized new business premiums, as defined under "-executive summary-segment measures" above, on an actual and constant exchange rate basis for the periods indicated.
annualized new business premiums:
on an actual exchange rate basis:
on a constant exchange rate basis:
the amount of annualized new business premiums and the sales mix in terms of types and currency denomination of products for any given period can be significantly impacted by several factors, including but not limited to: the addition of new products, discontinuation of existing products, changes in credited interest rates for certain products and other product modifications, changes in interest rates or fluctuations in currency markets (as described below), changes in tax laws, changes in life insurance regulations or changes in the competitive environment. sales volume may increase or decrease prior to certain of these changes becoming effective, and then fluctuate in the other direction following such changes.
the current low interest rate environment in japan, as discussed further in "-executive summary-impact of a low interest rate environment" above, and fluctuating currency markets have contributed to a shift in demand for certain products. our diverse product portfolio in japan, in terms of currency mix and premium payment mode, allows us to mitigate the negative impact from this extremely low interest rate environment. we regularly examine our yen-based product offerings and their related profitability and, as a result, we have been repricing our products and have discontinued sales of certain products that do not meet our profit expectations. the impact of these actions, coupled with the strengthening of the yen against the u.s. dollar and introduction of certain new products, has resulted in an increase in sales of products denominated in u.s. dollars relative to products denominated in other currencies.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. the table below presents annualized new business premiums on a constant exchange rate basis, by product and distribution channel, for the periods indicated.
life            accident&amp;health            retirement(1)            annuity               total                life            accident&amp;health            retirement(1)            annuity               total
independent agency             134                        23                         71                   34                  262                 104                        24                         69                   53                  250
(2)   single pay life annualized new business premiums, which include 10% of first year premiums, and 3-year limited pay annualized new business premiums, which include 100% of new business premiums, represented 9% and 53%, respectively, of total japanese bank distribution channel annualized new business premiums, excluding annuity products, for the year ended december 31, 2016, and 5% and 51%, respectively, of total japanese bank distribution channel annualized new business premiums, excluding annuity products, for the year ended december 31, 2015.
annualized new business premiums, on a constant exchange rate basis, from our life planner operations increased $117 million. growth in life planner headcount and productivity in our japan operation, coupled with the factors described above, resulted in an increase in sales of u.s. dollar-denominated retirement and whole life products while sales of yen-denominated term life products remained strong in the corporate market. lower sales of life protection products in our korean operation reflecting pricing actions were partially offset by higher sales in our brazilian operation across various product lines as life planner count and average premiums continued to grow.
annualized new business premiums, on a constant exchange rate basis, from our gibraltar life operations increased $109 million. life consultant sales increased $79 million as higher sales of u.s. dollar-denominated annuity and whole life products were partially offset by lower sales of yen-denominated life protection products and australian dollar-denominated annuity and retirement income products. bank channel sales increased $18 million primarily driven by higher sales of u.s. dollar-denominated whole life, retirement income and annuity products, partially offset by lower sales of yen-denominated whole life and annuity products and australian dollar-denominated annuity products. independent agency sales increased $12 million as higher sales of u.s. dollar-denominated whole life and retirement income products were partially offset by lower sales of australian dollar-denominated annuity products and yen-denominated retirement and annuity products.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. the table below presents annualized new business premiums on a constant exchange rate basis, by product and distribution channel, for the periods indicated.
life            accident&amp;health            retirement(1)            annuity               total                life            accident&amp;health            retirement(1)            annuity               total
independent agency             104                        24                         69                   53                  250                  95                        24                         62                   61                  242
(2)   single pay life annualized new business premiums, which include 10% of first year premiums, and 3-year limited pay annualized new business premiums, which include 100% of new business premiums, represented 5% and 51%, respectively, of total japanese bank distribution channel annualized new business premiums, excluding annuity products, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and 7% and 57%, respectively, of total japanese bank distribution channel annualized new business premiums, excluding annuity products, for the year ended december 31, 2014.
annualized new business premiums, on a constant exchange rate basis, from our life planner operations increased $85 million. the increase primarily reflects growth in life planner headcount and productivity in our japanese operations as well as in our brazilian operation. the impacts resulted in an increase in sales of term life products in japan and whole life products and accident and health products in brazil. the increase also reflects higher sales of certain life protection products in our korean operation.
annualized new business premiums, on a constant exchange rate basis, from our gibraltar life operations increased $113 million. bank channel sales increased $96 million primarily driven by higher sales of u.s. dollar-denominated whole life and retirement products as well as certain yen-denominated life protection products. life consultant sales increased $9 million as higher sales of yen-denominated whole life products, u.s. dollar-denominated annuity products and australian dollar-denominated retirement products were mostly offset by lower sales of australian dollar-denominated annuity products. independent agency sales increased $8 million primarily driven by higher sales of yen-denominated term life products and certain retirement products, partially offset by lower sales of australian dollar-denominated annuity products.
sales force the following table sets forth the number of life planners and life consultants for the periods indicated.
as of december 31,
2016 to 2015 comparison. the number of life planners increased by 88, driven by an increase of 296 in japan as a result of improved recruiting efforts and fewer terminations. life planners decreased by 208 in other operations, primarily in korea, poland and italy, as a result of more selective recruiting efforts and restructurings, partially offset by an increase in brazil as a result of recruiting efforts.
the number of gibraltar life consultants increased by 79, primarily reflecting fewer terminations.
2015 to 2014 comparison. the number of life planners increased by 240, driven by an increase of 200 in japan as a result of recruiting efforts. life planner decreases in other operations, primarily in poland and italy, were a result of more selective recruiting efforts and validation requirements, partially offset by an increase in brazil as a result of recruiting efforts.
the number of gibraltar life consultants increased by 98, primarily reflecting improved recruiting efforts and fewer terminations.
corporate and other corporate and other includes corporate operations, after allocations to our business segments, and divested businesses other than those that qualify for "discontinued operations" accounting treatment under u.s. gaap.
operating results:
capital debt interest expense                                                                                             $(686    )            $(731    )            $(626    )
operating debt interest expense, net of investment income                                                                     1                    69                  (126    )
pension and employee benefits                                                                                               103                   173                   185
adjusted operating income                                                                                                (1,581    )           (1,313    )           (1,348    )
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                                                         (1,797    )             (961    )           (3,656    )
divested businesses                                                                                                         (84    )              (66    )              167
equity in earnings of operating joint ventures and earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (3    )                0                    (2    )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures         $(3,466    )          $(2,321    )          $(4,835    )
(1)   includes consolidating adjustments.
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. the loss from corporate and other operations, on an adjusted operating income basis, increased $268 million. net charges from other corporate activities increased $175 million, primarily reflecting higher costs for employee compensation plans tied to company stock and equity market returns, increased costs for enhanced regulatory supervision, costs associated with the early extinguishment of certain debt, higher legal costs, the absence of a favorable impact from escheatment related matters in the prior year and increased costs related to other corporate initiatives. the increased charges were partially offset by the absence of certain remediation costs incurred in the prior year, as described below. results for operating debt interest expense, net of investment income, decreased $68 million, primarily reflecting lower levels of invested assets resulting from assets transferred to other business segments and lower net investment income from non-coupon investments. this decrease was partially offset by lower operating debt interest expense resulting from efforts to reduce leverage through senior debt maturities in late 2015 and early 2016, and the early extinguishment of certain debt in the second quarter of 2016. capital debt interest expense decreased $45 million, primarily reflecting the reassignment of capital debt to operating debt and efforts to reduce leverage.
results from pension and employee benefits decreased $70 million, primarily reflecting lower income from our qualified pension plan, driven by lower expected returns on plan assets due to lower than expected plan fixed income asset growth in 2015, as well as higher interest costs on the plan obligation due to a higher discount rate.
for purposes of calculating pension income from our qualified pension plan for the year ended december 31, 2017, we will decrease the discount rate from 4.50% to 4.15% as of december 31, 2016. the expected rate of return on plan assets and the assumed rate of increase in compensation will remain unchanged at 6.25% and 4.50%, respectively. giving effect to the foregoing assumptions and other factors, we expect income from our qualified pension plan in 2017 to be approximately $35 million to $45 million higher than 2016 levels. the increase is driven by higher expected returns on plan assets due to higher than expected plan fixed income asset growth in 2016 as well as lower interest costs on the plan obligation due to the lower discount rate.
for purposes of calculating postretirement benefit expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017, we will decrease the discount rate from 4.35% to 4.05% as of december 31, 2016. the expected rate of return on plan assets will remain unchanged at 7.00%. giving effect to the foregoing assumptions and other factors, we expect postretirement benefit expenses in 2017 to be approximately $5 million to $15 million lower than 2016 levels. the decrease in expenses is driven by favorable census updates at december 31, 2016, partially offset by lower expected returns on plan assets due to lower than expected asset growth in 2016.
in 2017, pension and other postretirement benefit service costs related to active employees will continue to be allocated to our business segments. for further information regarding our pension and postretirement plans, see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. the loss from corporate and other operations, on an adjusted operating income basis, decreased $35 million. results for operating debt interest expense, net of investment income, increased $195 million, reflecting higher net investment income due to higher levels of invested assets, including the transfer of assets to corporate and other operations related to the restructuring of the former closed block business and lower operating debt interest expense due to the reassignment of operating debt to capital debt. capital debt interest expense increased $105 million, primarily reflecting the reassignment of operating debt to capital debt to support capital needs. net charges from other corporate activities increased $43 million, primarily reflecting increased retained corporate expenses, including $80 million of estimated remediation costs related to the administration of certain separate account investments. these remediation costs consisted of compensation for the benefit of customers for performance on certain securities lending activities administered by the company. in addition, the increased retained corporate expenses included enhanced regulatory supervision costs and a negative impact recorded in corporate and other operations from income translation adjustments recorded by our international insurance segment at fixed currency exchange rates versus the actual average rates related to currencies for which we choose not to hedge our exchange rate exposure. these increases were partially offset by a favorable comparative impact from escheatment related and other items.
results from pension and employee benefits decreased $12 million, including higher expenses from our non-qualified pension plan driven by unfavorable census and assumption updates as of december 31, 2014. this decrease was partially offset by higher income from our qualified pension plan driven by the impact of the decline in interest rates in 2014, partially offset by the negative impact of our mortality assumption update as of december 31, 2014, following the society of actuaries' final issuance in october 2014 of a study of mortality rates and expected future improvement in mortality rates for u.s. benefit plan participants.
capital protection framework
"realized investment gains (losses), net and related adjustments," which are excluded from adjusted operating income, included net losses of $1,649 million, $673 million and $3,694 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily resulting from our utilization of capital management strategies to manage a portion of our interest rate risk, and reflect changes in interest rates with respect to the exposures outstanding during the respective periods. in implementing our capital management strategies, corporate and other may enter into intercompany derivatives with certain business segments. during 2016, primarily as a result of the change in our individual annuities' risk management strategy, we terminated a significant portion of the existing intercompany derivative transactions related to interest rate risk and expect to manage most of this risk within the business segments in the future. for more information on our individual annuities risk management strategy, see "-executive summary-variable annuities recapture and risk management strategy" and "-individual annuities." for more information on our capital protection framework, see "-liquidity and capital resources-capital protection framework."
divested businesses divested businesses included in corporate and other our income from continuing operations includes results from several businesses that have been or will be sold or exited, including businesses that have been placed in wind down status that do not qualify for "discontinued operations" accounting treatment under u.s. gaap. the results of these divested businesses are reflected in our corporate and other operations, but are excluded from adjusted operating income. a summary of the results of the divested businesses reflected in our corporate and other operations is as follows for the periods indicated:
total divested businesses income (loss) excluded from adjusted operating income       $(84      )         $(66      )            $167
long-term care. results for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased compared to 2015 primarily reflecting an increase in net realized investment losses, driven by the change in market value of derivatives used in duration management. this decrease was partially offset by favorable policy experience and higher net investment income. results for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased compared to 2014 primarily reflecting a net realized investment loss in 2015 compared to a net realized investment gain in 2014, primarily driven by the change in market value of the derivatives used in duration management. this decrease also reflected unfavorable policy experience and an unfavorable comparative impact from our annual review and update of assumptions and other refinements.
closed block division the closed block division includes certain in force traditional domestic participating life insurance and annuity products and assets that are used for the payment of benefits and policyholder dividends on these policies (collectively the "closed block"), as well as certain related assets and liabilities. we no longer offer these traditional domestic participating policies. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details.
each year, the board of directors of prudential insurance determines the dividends payable on participating policies for the following year based on the experience of the closed block, including investment income, net realized and unrealized investment gains, mortality experience and other factors. although closed block experience for dividend action decisions is based upon statutory results, at the time the closed block was established, we developed, as required by u.s. gaap, an actuarial calculation of the timing of the maximum future earnings from the policies included in the closed block. if actual cumulative earnings in any given period are greater than the cumulative earnings we expected, we record this excess as a policyholder dividend obligation. we will subsequently pay this excess to closed block policyholders as an additional dividend unless it is otherwise offset by future closed block performance that is less favorable than we originally expected. the policyholder dividends we charge to expense within the closed block division will include any change in our policyholder dividend obligation that we recognize for the excess of actual cumulative earnings in any given period over the cumulative earnings we expected in addition to the actual policyholder dividends declared by the board of directors of prudential insurance.
as of december 31, 2016, the excess of actual cumulative earnings over the expected cumulative earnings was $1,647 million, which was recorded as a policyholder dividend obligation. actual cumulative earnings, as required by u.s. gaap, reflect the recognition of realized investment gains and losses in the current period, as well as changes in assets and related liabilities that support the closed block policies. additionally, the accumulation of net unrealized investment gains that have arisen subsequent to the establishment of the closed block have been reflected as a policyholder dividend obligation of $3,011 million at december 31, 2016, to be paid to closed block policyholders unless offset by future experience, with a corresponding amount reported in aoci.
operating results the following table sets forth the closed block division's results for the periods indicated.
benefits and expenses                                                                                                 5,801                     6,102             7,165
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures       $(132       )               $58             $(259       )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures decreased $190 million. results for 2016 primarily reflected a $399 million decrease in net realized investment gains, primarily due to lower gains on equity securities, lower gains from sales of fixed maturities and less favorable changes in the value of derivatives used in risk management activities. net investment income decreased $75 million, primarily due to lower returns on non-coupon investments and lower reinvestment rates, partially offset by higher prepayment fee income. net insurance activity results increased $35 million, primarily due to lower benefit payments. as a result of the above and other variances, a $48 million reduction in the policyholder dividend obligation was recorded in 2016, compared to a $137 million increase in 2015. for a discussion of closed block division realized investment gains (losses), net, see "-realized investment gains and losses."
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures increased $317 million, reflecting the absence of a $487 million charge representing a make-whole provision for early redemption of the ihc debt and the cost of terminating associated interest rate swaps, $13 million of bank and legal fees related to the ihc debt redemption and class b repurchase and $13 million for the acceleration of the amortization of ihc debt issuance cost in 2014. excluding the effects of these items, income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures decreased $196 million, reflecting a $367 million decrease in net realized investment gains primarily due to lower gains from sales of fixed maturities, less favorable changes in the value of derivatives and higher impairments of invested assets. net investment income decreased $354 million primarily due to the sale and transfer of invested assets as a result of the restructuring of the former closed block business and lower income from non-coupon investments. net insurance activity results declined $104 million primarily reflecting the runoff of policies in force and higher dividends to policyholders as a result of an increase in the 2015 and 2016 dividend scales. general and administrative expenses, inclusive of interest expense, declined $122 million primarily driven by lower interest expense, reflecting the redemption in 2014 of the ihc debt. as a result of the above and other variances, a $137 million increase in the policyholder dividend obligation was recorded in 2015, compared to a $671 million increase in 2014.
revenues, benefits and expenses
benefits and expenses decreased $301 million, primarily due to a $189 million decrease in dividends to policyholders, reflecting a decrease in the policyholder dividend obligation expense due to changes in cumulative earnings. in addition, policyholders' benefits, including changes in reserves, decreased $83 million, primarily due to the runoff of policies in force.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. revenues decreased $746 million, primarily driven by a $354 million decrease in net investment income and a $328 million decrease in net realized investment gains, as discussed above. the $328 million decrease in net realized investment gains included the absence of $39 million realized loss from termination of interest rate swaps related to the early redemption of the ihc debt in 2014. in addition, premiums declined $35 million, primarily due to the runoff of policies in force.
benefits and expenses decreased $1,063 million, primarily driven by a $596 million decrease in general and administrative expenses, inclusive of interest expense, including the absence of a $448 million charge on a make-whole provision for early redemption of the ihc debt, $13 million of bank and legal fees related to the ihc debt redemption and class b repurchase and $13 million for the acceleration of the amortization of ihc debt issuance cost in 2014, as discussed above. dividends to policyholders decreased $505 million, reflecting a decrease in the policyholder dividend obligation expense due to changes in cumulative earnings, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid and accrued to policyholders as a result of an increase in the 2015 and 2016 dividend scales.
income taxes shown below is our income tax provision for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, separately reflecting the impact of certain significant items.
tax provision (benefit)                                                   $1,335                $2,072                $349
impact of:
reversal of acquisition opening balance sheet deferred tax items               0                     0                 (53    )
change in repatriation assertion                                               0                     3                 (32    )
change in law: active financing exception                                      0                   108                   0
tax provision (benefit) excluding these items                             $1,997                $2,719                $616
2016 to 2015 annual comparison. our income tax provision, on a consolidated basis, amounted to an income tax expense of $1,335 million in 2016 compared to an expense of $2,072 million in 2015. the decreased expense was primarily due to a decrease in "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" in 2016 compared to 2015. on march 31, 2016, the government of japan enacted an approximately two percentage points reduction in the japanese tax rate, effective april 1, 2016. on march 31, 2015, the government of japan enacted an approximately two percentage points reduction in the japanese tax rate, effective april 1, 2015. as a result, the impact of lower "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" in 2016 compared to 2015 was partially offset by $24 million and $75 million of additional tax expense related to re-measurement of japan deferred tax assets at the new rates during 2016 and 2015, respectively.
our income tax provision related to foreign operations, on a consolidated basis, amounted to an income tax expense of $1,158 million in 2016 compared to an income tax expense of $742 million in 2015. the foreign operations income tax expense increased primarily due to the increase in foreign operations pre-tax income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures partially offset by the impact of tax rate changes in japan during 2015 and 2016.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison. our income tax provision, on a consolidated basis, amounted to an income tax expense of $2,072 million in 2015 compared to an expense of $349 million in 2014. the increased expense was primarily due to an increase in "income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures" in 2015 compared to 2014. in addition, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we changed the repatriation assertion for our japanese insurance companies with respect to post-2013 operating earnings and aoci, except realized and unrealized capital gains and losses. on march 31, 2015, the government of japan enacted an approximately two percentage points reduction in the japanese tax rate, effective april 1, 2015. our income tax provision for 2015 reflects a tax benefit from the lower japan tax rate for indefinitely reinvested earnings of our japanese insurance operations, partially offset by $75 million of additional tax expense related to the revaluation of japan's deferred tax asset. in addition, in december 2015, congress enacted legislation renewing the active financing exception ("afe"), retroactive to january 1, 2015 and making the provision a permanent part of the u.s. tax code. as a result of the change in tax law, deferred tax liabilities associated with prudential of korea's and prudential of taiwan's unrealized investment gains were reversed in the fourth quarter of 2015, and an additional tax benefit of $108 million was reflected in our income tax provision for 2015.
our income tax provision related to foreign operations, on a consolidated basis, amounted to an income tax expense of $742 million in 2015 compared to an income tax benefit of $456 million in 2014. the foreign operations income tax expense increased primarily due to the increase in foreign operations pre-tax income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures partially offset by the impact of tax rate changes in japan during 2014 and 2015. we employ various tax strategies, including strategies to minimize the amount of taxes resulting from realized capital gains. for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
experience-rated contractholder liabilities, trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities and other related investments certain products included in the retirement and international insurance segments are experience-rated in that investment results associated with these products are expected to ultimately accrue to contractholders. the majority of investments supporting these experience-rated products are classified as trading and are carried at fair value. these trading investments are reflected on the consolidated statements of financial position as "trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, at fair value" ("taasil"). realized and unrealized gains (losses) for these investments are reported in "other income." interest and dividend income for these investments is reported in "net investment income." to a lesser extent, these experience-rated products are also supported by derivatives and commercial mortgage and other loans. the derivatives that support these experience-rated products are reflected on the consolidated statements of financial position as "other long-term investments" and are carried at fair value, and the realized and unrealized gains (losses) are reported in "realized investment gains (losses), net." the commercial mortgage and other loans that support these experience-rated products are carried at unpaid principal, net of unamortized discounts and an allowance for losses, and are reflected on the consolidated statements of financial position as "commercial mortgage and other loans." gains (losses) on sales and changes in the valuation allowance for commercial mortgage and other loans are reported in "realized investment gains (losses), net."
our retirement segment has two types of experience-rated products that are supported by taasil and other related investments. fully participating products are those for which the entire return on underlying investments is passed back to the policyholders through a corresponding adjustment to the related liability, primarily classified in the consolidated statements of financial position as "policyholders' account balances." the adjustment to the liability is based on changes in the fair value of all of the related assets, including commercial mortgage and other loans, which are carried at amortized cost, less any valuation allowance. partially participating products are those for which only a portion of the return on underlying investments is passed back to the policyholders over time through changes to the contractual crediting rates. the crediting rates are typically reset semiannually, often subject to a minimum crediting rate, and returns are required to be passed back within ten years.
in our international insurance segment, the experience-rated products are fully participating. as a result, the entire return on the underlying investments is passed back to policyholders through a corresponding adjustment to the related liability.
adjusted operating income excludes net investment gains (losses) on taasil, related derivatives and commercial mortgage and other loans. this is consistent with the exclusion of realized investment gains (losses) with respect to other investments supporting insurance liabilities managed on a consistent basis. in addition, to be consistent with the historical treatment of charges related to realized investment gains (losses) on investments, adjusted operating income also excludes the change in contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes in the pool of investments (including changes in the fair value of commercial mortgage and other loans) supporting these experience-rated contracts, which are reflected in "interest credited to policyholders' account balances." the result of this approach is that adjusted operating income for these products includes net fee revenue and interest spread we earn on these experience-rated contracts, and excludes changes in fair value of the pool of investments, both realized and unrealized, that we expect will ultimately accrue to the contractholders.
the following table sets forth the impact on results for the periods indicated of these items that are excluded from adjusted operating income:
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net                                       $(21    )          $(581    )           $151
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes(1)(2)               25                 490                (106    )
investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net            $4                 $57                $188
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes                     (4    )            (57    )           (188    )
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, net                                       $(17    )          $(524    )           $339
change in experience-rated contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes(1)(2)               21                 433                (294    )
(1)   decreases to contractholder liabilities due to asset value changes are limited by certain floors and therefore do not reflect cumulative declines in recorded asset values of $10 million, $15 million and $2 million as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we have recovered and expect to recover in future periods these declines in recorded asset values through subsequent increases in recorded asset values or reductions in crediting rates on contractholder liabilities.
(2)   included in the amounts above related to the change in the liability to contractholders as a result of commercial mortgage and other loans are an increase of $4 million, a decrease of $64 million and a decrease of $1 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. as prescribed by u.s. gaap, changes in the fair value of commercial mortgage and other loans held for investment in our general account, other than when associated with impairments, are not recognized in income in the current period, while the impact of these changes in fair value are reflected as a change in the liability to fully participating contractholders in the current period.
the net impacts for the retirement segment of changes in experience-rated contractholder liabilities and investment gains (losses) on trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities and other related investments reflect timing differences between the recognition of the mark-to-market adjustments and the recognition of the recovery of these adjustments in future periods through subsequent increases in asset values or reductions in crediting rates on contractholder liabilities for partially participating products. these impacts also reflect the difference between the fair value of the underlying commercial mortgage and other loans and the amortized cost, less any valuation allowance, of these loans, as described above.
valuation of assets and liabilities fair value of assets and liabilities the authoritative guidance related to fair value measurement establishes a framework that includes a three-level hierarchy used to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value. the level in the hierarchy within which the fair value falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the measurement. the fair values of assets and liabilities classified as level 3 include at least one significant unobservable input in the measurement. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for an additional description of the valuation hierarchy levels as well as for the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level presented on a consolidated basis.
the table below presents the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as of the periods indicated, and the portion of such assets and liabilities that are classified in level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. the table also provides details about these assets and liabilities excluding those held in the closed block division. we believe the amounts excluding the closed block division are most relevant to an understanding of our operations that are pertinent to investors in prudential financial because substantially all closed block division assets support obligations and liabilities relating to the closed block policies only. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the closed block.
as of december 31, 2016                                                                                                    as of december 31, 2015
future policy benefits                                                      $8,238                           $8,238                            $0                            $0                        $8,434                           $8,434                            $0                            $0
(1)   the amount of level 3 assets taken as a percentage of total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis for pfi excluding the closed block division and for the closed block division totaled 1.5% and 3.3%, respectively, as of december 31, 2016 and 1.4% and 2.5% as of december 31, 2015.
(2)   "all other" and "other liabilities" primarily include derivatives. the amounts classified as level 3 exclude the impact of netting.
(3)   prior period amounts are presented on a basis consistent with the current period presentation, reflecting the adoption of asu 2015-07.
the determination of fair value, which for certain assets and liabilities is dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, can have a significant impact on our results of operations and may require the application of a greater degree of judgment depending on market conditions, as the ability to value assets and liabilities can be significantly impacted by a decrease in market activity or a lack of transactions executed in an orderly manner. the following sections provide information regarding certain assets and liabilities which are valued using level 3 inputs and could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
fixed maturity and equity securities fixed maturity securities included in level 3 in our fair value hierarchy are generally priced based on internally-developed valuations or indicative broker quotes. for certain private fixed maturity and equity securities, the internally-developed valuation model uses significant unobservable inputs and, accordingly, such securities are included in level 3 in our fair value hierarchy. level 3 fixed maturity securities for pfi excluding the closed block division included approximately $4.4 billion of public fixed maturities as of december 31, 2016 with values primarily based on indicative broker quotes, and approximately $1.8 billion of private fixed maturities, with values primarily based on internally-developed models. significant unobservable inputs used included: issue specific credit adjustments, material non-public financial information, management judgment, estimation of future earnings and cash flows, default rate assumptions, liquidity assumptions and indicative quotes from market makers. these inputs are usually considered unobservable, as not all market participants have access to this data.
the impact our determination of fair value for fixed maturity and equity securities has on our results of operations is dependent on our classification of the security as either trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. for our investments classified as trading, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded within "other income." for our investments classified as available-for-sale, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded as an unrealized gain or loss in aoci, a separate component of equity. our investments classified as held-to-maturity are carried at amortized cost.
separate account assets separate account assets included in level 3 primarily include corporate securities and commercial mortgage loans. the valuation of corporate securities are determined as described above for fixed maturity and equity securities. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the valuation of commercial mortgage loans. separate account liabilities are reported at contract value and not at fair value.
variable annuity living benefit features future policy benefits classified in level 3 primarily include liabilities related to guarantees associated with the living benefit features of certain variable annuity contracts offered by our individual annuities segment, including gmab, gmwb and gmiwb. these benefits are accounted for as embedded derivatives and carried at fair value with changes in fair value included in "realized investment gains (losses), net." the fair values of the gmab, gmwb and gmiwb liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefit payments to customers less the present value of future rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. this methodology could result in either a liability or contra-liability balance, based on capital market conditions and various policyholder behavior assumptions. since there is no observable active market for the transfer of these obligations, the valuations are calculated using internally-developed models with option pricing techniques. these models utilize significant assumptions that are primarily unobservable, including assumptions as to lapse rates, npr, utilization rates, withdrawal rates, mortality rates and equity market volatility. future policy benefits classified as level 3 for pfi excluding the closed block division were a net liability of $8.2 billion as of december 31, 2016. for additional information, see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities."
notes issued by consolidated vies as discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, notes issued by consolidated vies represent non-recourse notes issued by certain asset-backed investment vehicles, primarily collateralized loan obligations, which we are required to consolidate. we have elected the fair value option for these notes, which are valued based on corresponding bank loan collateral.
for additional information about the key estimates and assumptions used in our determination of fair value, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
•   sale of investments;
•   maturities of foreign-denominated investments;
•   adjustments to the cost basis of investments for otti;
•   recognition of otti in earnings for foreign-denominated securities that are approaching maturity and are in an unrealized loss position due to foreign currency exchange rate movements;
•   net changes in the allowance for losses, certain restructurings and foreclosures on commercial mortgage and other loans; and
•   fair value changes on embedded derivatives and free-standing derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment.
effective january 1, 2016, the company classifies fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums in "net investment income" rather than "realized investment gains (losses), net." the impact of this change to prior periods was immaterial.
the level of otti generally reflects economic conditions and is expected to increase when economic conditions worsen and to decrease when economic conditions improve. historically, the causes of otti have been specific to each individual issuer and have not directly resulted in impairments to other securities within the same industry or geographic region. we may also realize additional credit and interest rate-related losses through sales of investments pursuant to our credit risk and portfolio management objectives. for additional information regarding our policies regarding otti for fixed maturity and equity securities, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
we use interest rate and currency derivatives to manage interest and currency exchange rate exposures arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities, including duration mismatches. we also use derivative contracts to mitigate the risk that unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates will materially affect u.s. dollar-equivalent earnings generated by certain of our non-u.s. businesses. in addition, equity-based and interest rate derivatives hedge a portion of the risks embedded in certain variable annuity products with optional living benefit guarantees. many of these derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting; and consequently, we recognize the changes in fair value of such contracts from period to period in current earnings, although the required accounting for associated hedged assets and liabilities may or may not be similar.
accordingly, realized investment gains and losses from our derivative activities can contribute significantly to fluctuations in net income. for a further discussion of living benefit guarantees and related hedge positions in our individual annuities segment, see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities" above.
adjusted operating income generally excludes "realized investment gains (losses), net," subject to certain exceptions. these exceptions primarily include realized investment gains or losses within certain of our businesses for which such gains or losses are a principal source of earnings, gains or losses associated with terminating hedges of foreign currency earnings and current period yield adjustments and related charges and adjustments. otti, interest rate-related losses and credit-related losses on sales (other than those related to certain of our businesses which primarily originate investments for sale or syndication to unrelated investors) are excluded from adjusted operating income. additionally, adjusted operating income generally excludes realized investment gains and losses from products that contain embedded derivatives, and from associated derivative portfolios that are part of an asset liability management program related to the risk of those products. however, the effectiveness of the hedging program will ultimately be reflected in adjusted operating income over time. for additional details regarding adjusted operating income, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table sets forth "realized investment gains (losses), net," by investment type as well as related charges and adjustments for the periods indicated:
related adjustments                                                                     (771    )             (934    )           (4,063    )
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments                         989                 2,258                (3,588    )
realized investment gains (losses), net, and related charges and adjustments            $523                $1,579               $(4,130    )
2016 to 2015 annual comparison pfi excluding closed block division the following table sets forth net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities, as of the dates indicated:
(1)   during 2016, fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums were reclassified to "net investment income." prior periods were not restated. the impact of this change was immaterial.
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
(3)   excludes otti and credit-related losses through sales of investments due to expected near-term credit conditions of an underlying issuer.
net gains on sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities were $773 million in 2016. excluding energy sector losses, net gains of $966 million were primarily from sales and maturities of u.s. dollar-denominated securities within our international insurance segment. the net gains in 2016 were partially offset by net trading losses of approximately $193 million on sales of securities within the energy sector. net gains on sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities were $1,536 million in 2015 primarily due to net gains of $1,363 million on sales and maturities of u.s. dollar-denominated securities within our international insurance segment. see below for additional information regarding the otti of fixed maturity securities in 2016 and 2015.
net realized gains on equity securities were $127 million and $4 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and included net gains on sales of equity securities of $188 million and $115 million, respectively. both periods' gains were partially offset by otti of $61 million and $111 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. see below for additional information regarding the otti of equity securities in 2016 and 2015.
net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans for the year ended december 31, 2016 were $54 million, primarily driven by servicing revenue of $53 million in our asset management business and a net decrease in the allowance for losses of $5 million. net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $36 million, primarily driven by servicing revenue of $31 million in our asset management business and a net decrease in the allowance for losses of $5 million. for additional information regarding our allowance for losses, see "-general account investments-commercial mortgage and other loans-commercial mortgage and other loan quality" below.
net realized gains on derivatives were $1,013 million and $1,775 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the net derivative gains in 2016 primarily reflect $523 million of gains on product-related embedded derivatives and related hedge positions mainly associated with certain variable annuity contracts, $192 million of gains on currency derivatives in japan operations used to hedge non-japanese yen denominated investments as the japanese yen strengthened against various currencies, $172 million of gains on currency derivatives in u.s. operations used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies and $157 million of gains primarily representing the fees earned on fee-based guaranteed investment contracts ("gics") which are accounted for as derivatives. the net gains in 2015 primarily reflect $995 million of gains on product-related embedded derivatives and related hedge positions mainly associated with certain variable annuity contracts, $326 million of gains on interest rate derivatives used to manage duration as interest rates decreased, $345 million of gains on foreign currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies and $159 million of gains primarily representing fees earned on fee-based gics.
related adjustments include the portions of "realized investment gains (losses), net" that are included in adjusted operating income and the portions of "other income" and "net investment income" that are excluded from adjusted operating income. these adjustments are made to arrive at "realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments" which are excluded from adjusted operating income. results for 2016 and 2015 included net negative related adjustments of $771 million and $934 million, respectively, primarily driven by settlements on interest rate and currency derivatives.
charges that relate to "realized investment gains (losses), net" are also excluded from adjusted operating income, and may be reflected as net charges or net benefits. results for 2016 included net related charges of $466 million, compared to net related charges of $679 million in 2015. both periods' results were driven by the impact of derivative activity on the amortization of dac and other costs and certain policyholder reserves. results for 2016 were partially offset by a benefit of $515 million from the implementation of a new alm strategy in the individual annuities segment discussed above. for additional information, see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of otti recorded in earnings attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division by asset type and for fixed maturity securities by reason:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
due to credit events or adverse conditions of the respective issuers(1)        $111                     $82
(1)   represents circumstances where we believe credit events or other adverse conditions of the respective issuers have caused or will lead to a deficiency in the contractual cash flows related to the investment. the amount of the impairment recorded in earnings is the difference between the amortized cost of the debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security prior to impairment.
(2)   primarily represents circumstances where securities are being actively marketed for sale by the company and where securities with losses from foreign currency exchange rate movements approach maturity.
(3)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
fixed maturity security otti in 2016 were concentrated in the energy, capital goods and transportation sectors within corporate securities. fixed maturity security otti in 2015 were concentrated in the industrial other, consumer cyclical and energy sectors within corporate securities. in both periods, these otti were primarily related to securities with liquidity concerns, downgrades in credit, bankruptcy or other adverse financial conditions of the respective issuers.
equity security otti in both 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values.
other invested assets otti in 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in private equity limited partnerships.
closed block division the following table sets forth net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities, as of the dates indicated:
(1)   during 2016, fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums were reclassified to "net investment income." prior periods were not restated. the impact of this change was immaterial.
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
(3)   excludes otti and credit-related losses through sales of investments due to expected near-term credit conditions of an underlying issuer.
net realized gains on equity securities were $249 million and $447 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting from net gains on sales partially offset by otti of $13 million and $15 million, respectively. see below for additional information regarding the otti of equity securities in 2016 and 2015.
net realized gains on derivatives were $162 million and $195 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the net derivative gains in 2016 primarily reflect $132 million of gains on currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies and $30 million of gains on interest rate derivatives used to manage duration as interest rates increased. the net gains in 2015 primarily reflect $193 million on currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies.
the following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of otti recorded in earnings attributable to the closed block division by asset type and for fixed maturity securities by reason:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
due to credit events or adverse conditions of the respective issuers(1)             $65                     $41
(1)   represents circumstances where we believe credit events or other adverse conditions of the respective issuers have caused or will lead to a deficiency in the contractual cash flows related to the investment. the amount of the impairment recorded in earnings is the difference between the amortized cost of the debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security prior to impairment.
(2)   primarily represents circumstances where securities are being actively marketed for sale by the company and where securities with losses from foreign currency exchange rate movements approach maturity.
(3)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
fixed maturity security otti in 2016 were concentrated in the energy, transportation and industrial other sectors within corporate securities. fixed maturity security otti in 2015 were concentrated in foreign government securities and the industrial other and consumer cyclical sectors within corporate securities. in both periods these otti were primarily related to securities with liquidity concerns, downgrades in credit, bankruptcy or other adverse financial conditions of the respective issuers.
equity security otti in both 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values.
other invested assets otti in 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in private equity limited partnerships.
2015 to 2014 annual comparison pfi excluding closed block division the following table sets forth net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities as of dates indicated:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
(3)   excludes otti and credit-related losses through sales of investments due to expected near-term credit conditions of an underlying issuer.
net gains on sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities were $1,536 million in 2015 primarily due to net gains of $511 million on sales and maturities of u.s. dollar-denominated securities within our international insurance segment, and gains of $852 million associated with foreign exchange remeasurement on assets that were transferred under the new structure in gibraltar life. these gains were partially offset by otti of $97 million. net gains on sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities of $827 million in 2014 were primarily due to sales and maturities of u.s. dollar-denominated securities within our international insurance segment. these gains were partially offset by otti of $36 million. see below for additional information regarding the otti of fixed maturity securities in 2015 and 2014.
net realized gains on equity securities were $4 million and $81 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily driven by gains on sales within our international insurance segment. these gains were partially offset by otti of $111 million and $26 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see below for additional information regarding the otti of equity securities in 2015 and 2014.
net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $36 million, primarily driven by servicing revenue of $31 million in our asset management business and a net decrease in the allowance for losses of $5 million. net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans were $79 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 and were primarily driven by a net decrease in the allowance for losses of $65 million, including the impact of assumption updates. for additional information regarding our allowance for losses, see "-general account investments-commercial mortgage and other loans-commercial mortgage and other loan quality" below.
net realized gains on derivatives were $1,775 million in 2015, compared to net realized losses of $445 million in 2014. the net gains in 2015 primarily reflect $995 million of gains on product-related embedded derivatives and related hedge positions mainly associated with certain variable annuity contracts, $326 million of gains on interest rate derivatives used to manage duration as interest rates decreased, $345 million of gains on foreign currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies and $159 million of gains primarily representing fees earned on fee-based gics which are accounted for as derivatives. the net derivative losses in 2014 primarily reflect net losses of $2,627 million on product-related embedded derivatives and related hedge positions mainly associated with certain variable annuity contracts. also contributing were net losses of $500 million on foreign-currency derivatives used to hedge portfolio assets in our japan business, primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar and other currencies. these losses were partially offset by gains of $1,502 million on interest rate derivatives used to manage duration as long-term interest rates decreased, $869 million of gains on other foreign-currency derivatives primarily associated with hedges of portfolio assets in our u.s. business and hedges of future income of non-u.s. businesses (predominantly in japan) as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies and $166 million of gains of fees earned on fee-based gics.
net realized losses within other investments were $54 million in 2015 primarily driven by otti of $121 million on investments in limited partnerships, partially offset by gains of $40 million on sales of real estate. net realized gains on other investments were $7 million in 2014 and included net gains of $28 million, primarily from our asset management and international insurance segments, partially offset by otti of $21 million on real estate and joint ventures and limited partnership investments. see below for additional information regarding the otti of other invested assets in 2015 and 2014.
related adjustments for 2015 included net negative related adjustments of $934 million primarily driven by settlements on interest rate and currency derivatives. results for 2014 included net negative related adjustments of $4,063 million primarily driven by the impact of foreign-currency exchange rate movements on certain non-yen denominated assets and liabilities within our japan insurance operations and by settlements on interest rate and currency derivatives. we implemented a structure in gibraltar life, effective for financial reporting beginning in the first quarter of 2015, which has minimized volatility in reported u.s. gaap earnings arising from foreign currency remeasurement. for additional information, see "-results of operations-impact of foreign currency exchange rates" above.
related charges for 2015 and 2014 included net related charges of $679 million and $542 million, respectively. both periods' results were driven by the impact of derivative activity on the amortization of dac and other costs and certain policyholder reserves.
the following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of otti recorded in earnings attributable to the pfi excluding the closed block division by asset type and for fixed maturity securities by reason:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
due to credit events or adverse conditions of the respective issuers(1)         $82                     $24
(1)   represents circumstances where we believe credit events or other adverse conditions of the respective issuers have caused or will lead to a deficiency in the contractual cash flows related to the investment. the amount of the impairment recorded in earnings is the difference between the amortized cost of the debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security prior to impairment.
(2)   primarily represents circumstances where securities with losses from foreign currency exchange rate movements approach maturity.
(3)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
fixed maturity security otti in 2015 were concentrated in the industrial other, consumer cyclical and energy sectors within corporate securities. fixed maturity security otti in 2014 were concentrated in the utility, consumer cyclical and finance sectors within corporate securities. in both periods, these otti were primarily related to securities with liquidity concerns, downgrades in credit, bankruptcy or other adverse financial conditions of the respective issuers.
equity security otti in both 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values.
other invested assets otti in 2015 were primarily driven by the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in limited partnerships within the energy, finance and utility sectors. other invested assets otti in 2014 were primarily driven by the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in limited partnerships.
closed block division the following table sets forth net realized gains (losses) on fixed maturity securities, as of the dates indicated:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
(3)   excludes otti and credit related losses through sales of investments due to expected near-term credit conditions of an underlying issuer.
net realized gains on equity securities were $447 million and $431 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, resulting from net gains on sales of equity securities of $462 million and $437 million, respectively, partially offset by otti of $15 million and $6 million, respectively. see below for additional information regarding the otti of equity securities in 2015 and 2014.
net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans were $1 million and $31 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. net realized gains on commercial mortgage and other loans of $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 were primarily driven by a net decrease in the allowance for losses of $32 million, including the impact of assumption updates. for additional information regarding our allowance for losses, see "-general account investments-commercial mortgage and other loans-commercial mortgage and other loan quality" below.
net realized gains on derivatives were $195 million and $263 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the net gains in 2015 primarily reflect $193 million on currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against various currencies. derivative gains in 2014 primarily reflect net gains of $182 million on currency derivatives used to hedge foreign denominated investments as the u.s. dollar strengthened against the euro, net gains of $72 million on interest rate derivatives primarily used to manage duration as long-term interest rates decreased and net gains of $45 million on "to be announced" ("tba") forward contracts as interest rates declined. these gains were partially offset by losses of $41 million on terminated capital cash flow hedges due to debt extinguishment.
the following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of otti recorded in earnings attributable to the closed block division by asset type and for fixed maturity securities by reason:
(2)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
due to credit events or adverse conditions of the respective issuers(1)             $41                     $19
(1)   represents circumstances where we believe credit events or other adverse conditions of the respective issuers have caused or will lead to a deficiency in the contractual cash flows related to the investment. the amount of the impairment recorded in earnings is the difference between the amortized cost of the debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security prior to impairment.
(2)   primarily represents circumstances where securities with losses from foreign currency exchange rate movements approach maturity.
(3)   excludes the portion of otti recorded in "other comprehensive income (loss)," representing any difference between the fair value of the impaired debt security and the net present value of its projected future cash flows at the time of impairment.
fixed maturity security otti in 2015 were concentrated in foreign government securities and the industrial other and consumer cyclical sectors within corporate securities. fixed maturity security otti in 2014 were concentrated in foreign government securities, asset-backed securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages and the consumer cyclical sector within corporate securities. in both periods, these otti primarily reflect adverse financial conditions of the respective issuers.
equity security otti in 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to the extent and duration of declines in values.
other invested assets otti in 2015 were primarily driven by the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in limited partnerships within the energy, finance and utility sectors. other invested assets otti in 2014 were primarily driven by the extent and duration of declines in values of investments in limited partnerships.
general account investments we maintain diversified investment portfolios in our general account to support our liabilities to customers as well as our other general liabilities. our general account does not include: (1) assets of our derivative operations; (2) assets of our asset management operations, including assets managed for third parties; and (3) those assets classified as "separate account assets" on our balance sheet.
the general account portfolios are managed pursuant to the distinct objectives and investment policy statements of pfi excluding the closed block division and the closed block division. the primary investment objectives of pfi excluding the closed block division include:
•   hedging and otherwise managing the market risk characteristics of the major product liabilities and other obligations of the company;
•   optimizing investment income yield within risk constraints over time; and
•   for certain portfolios, optimizing total return, including both investment income yield and capital appreciation, within risk constraints over time, while managing the market risk exposures associated with the corresponding product liabilities.
•   the investment of net operating cash flows, including new product premium inflows, and proceeds from investment sales, repayments and prepayments into investments with attractive risk-adjusted yields; and
•   the sale of lower-yielding investments, where appropriate, either to meet various cash flow needs or to manage the portfolio's risk exposure profile with respect to duration, credit, currency and other risk factors, while considering the impact on taxes and capital.
the primary investment objectives of the closed block division include:
•   providing for the reasonable dividend expectations of the participating policyholders within the closed block division; and
•   optimizing total return, including both investment income yield and capital appreciation, within risk constraints, while managing the market risk exposures associated with the major products in the closed block division.
our portfolio management approach, while emphasizing our investment income yield and asset/liability risk management objectives, also takes into account the capital and tax implications of portfolio activity, our assertions regarding our ability and intent to hold debt and equity securities to recovery. for a further discussion of our policies regarding other-than-temporary impairments, including our assertions regarding our ability and intent to hold equity securities to recovery and any intention or requirement to sell debt securities before anticipated recovery, see "-fixed maturity securities-otti of fixed maturity securities" and "-equity securities-otti of equity securities" below.
management of investments the investment committee of our board of directors oversees our proprietary investments, including our general account portfolios, and regularly reviews performance and risk positions. our chief investment officer organization ("cio organization") develops investment policies subject to risk limits proposed by our enterprise risk management group for the general account portfolios of our domestic and international insurance subsidiaries and directs and oversees management of the general account portfolios within risk limits and exposure ranges approved annually by the investment committee.
the cio organization, including related functions within our insurance subsidiaries, works closely with product actuaries and enterprise risk management to understand the characteristics of our products and their associated market risk exposures. this information is incorporated into the development of target asset portfolios that manage market risk exposures associated with the liability characteristics and establish investment risk exposures, within tolerances prescribed by prudential's investment risk limits, on which we expect to earn an attractive risk-adjusted return. we develop asset strategies for specific classes of product liabilities and attributed or accumulated surplus, each with distinct risk characteristics. market risk exposures associated with the liabilities include interest rate risk, which is addressed through the duration characteristics of the target asset mix, and currency risk, which is addressed by the currency profile of the target asset mix. in certain of our smaller markets outside of the u.s. and japan, capital markets limitations hinder our ability to hedge interest rate exposure to the same extent we do for our u.s. and japan businesses and lead us to accept a higher degree of interest rate risk in these smaller portfolios. general account portfolios typically include allocations to credit and other investment risks as a means to enhance investment yields and returns over time.
most of our products can be categorized into the following three classes:
•   interest-crediting products for which the rates credited to customers are periodically adjusted to reflect market and competitive forces and actual investment experience, such as fixed annuities and universal life insurance;
•   participating individual and experience-rated group products in which customers participate in actual investment and business results through annual dividends, interest or return of premium; and
our total investment portfolio is composed of a number of operating portfolios. each operating portfolio backs a specific set of liabilities, and the portfolios have a target asset mix that supports the liability characteristics, including duration, cash flow, liquidity needs and other criteria. as of december 31, 2016, the average duration of our domestic general account investment portfolios attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division, including the impact of derivatives, is between 7 and 8 years. as of december 31, 2016, the average duration of our international general account portfolios attributable to our japanese insurance operations, including the impact of derivatives, is between 11 and 12 years and represents a blend of yen-denominated and u.s. dollar and australian dollar-denominated investments, which have distinct average durations supporting the insurance liabilities we have issued in those currencies. our asset/liability management process has enabled us to manage our portfolios through several market cycles.
we implement our portfolio strategies primarily through investment in a broad range of fixed income assets, including government and agency securities, public and private corporate bonds and structured securities and commercial mortgage loans. in addition, we hold allocations of non-coupon investments, which include equity securities and other long-term investments such as joint ventures and limited partnerships, real estate held through direct ownership and seed money investments in separate accounts.
we manage our public fixed maturity portfolio to a risk profile directed or overseen by the cio organization and enterprise risk management groups and to a profile that also reflects the market environments impacting both our domestic and international insurance portfolios. the return that we earn on the portfolio will be reflected in investment income and in realized gains or losses on investments.
we use privately-placed corporate debt securities and commercial mortgage loans, which consist of mortgages on diversified properties in terms of geography, property type and borrowers, to enhance the yield on our portfolio and to improve the overall diversification of the portfolios. private placements typically offer enhanced yields due to an illiquidity premium and generally offer enhanced credit protection in the form of covenants. our origination capability offers the opportunity to lead transactions and gives us the opportunity for better terms, including covenants and call protection, and to take advantage of innovative deal structures.
derivative strategies are employed in the context of our risk management framework to enhance our ability to manage interest rate and currency risk exposures of the asset portfolio relative to the liabilities and to manage credit and equity positions in the investment portfolios. for a discussion of our risk management process, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below.
our portfolio asset allocation reflects our emphasis on diversification across asset classes, sectors and issuers. the cio organization, directly and through related functions within the insurance subsidiaries, implements portfolio strategies primarily through various asset management units within prudential's asset management segment. activities of the asset management segment on behalf of the general account portfolios are directed and overseen by the cio organization and monitored by enterprise risk management for compliance with investment risk limits.
portfolio composition our investment portfolio consists of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, policy loans and non-coupon investments as defined above. the composition of our general account reflects, within the discipline provided by our risk management approach, our need for competitive results and the selection of diverse investment alternatives available primarily through our asset management segment. the size of our portfolio enables us to invest in asset classes that may be unavailable to the typical investor.
the following tables set forth the composition of the investments of our general account apportioned between pfi excluding the closed block division and the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, at fair value              21,840                     5.8                             0                     21,840
invested assets of other entities and operations(2)                                  5,829                                                     0                      5,829
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, at fair value              20,522                     6.0                             0                     20,522
invested assets of other entities and operations(2)                                 13,959                                                     0                     13,959
(1)   other long-term investments consist of real estate and non-real estate-related investments in joint ventures and limited partnerships, investment real estate held through direct ownership and other miscellaneous investments. for additional information regarding these investments, see "-other long-term investments" below.
(2)   includes invested assets of our asset management and derivative operations. excludes assets of our asset management operations that are managed for third- parties and those assets classified as "separate account assets" on our balance sheet. for additional information regarding these investments, see "-invested assets of other entities and operations" below.
the increase in general account investments attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division in 2016 was primarily due to the reinvestment of net investment income and net business inflows, the translation impact of the yen strengthening against the u.s. dollar, credit spread tightening and a decrease in interest rates in japan. the general account investments attributable to the closed block division in 2016 remained relatively flat compared to 2015. for information regarding the methodology used in determining the fair value of our fixed maturities, see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, 42% and 41%, respectively, of our general account investments attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division related to our japanese insurance operations.
the following table sets forth the composition related to the investments of our japanese insurance operations' general account as of the dates indicated:
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities, at fair value             2,166                 2,020
(1)   other long-term investments consist of real estate and non-real estate-related investments in joint ventures and limited partnerships, investment real estate held through direct ownership, derivatives and other miscellaneous investments.
the increase in general account investments related to our japanese insurance operations in 2016 was primarily attributable to the reinvestment of net investment income and net business inflows, the translation impact of the yen strengthening against the u.s. dollar and a decrease in interest rates in japan.
as of december 31, 2016, our japanese insurance operations had $55.7 billion, at carrying value, of investments denominated in u.s. dollars, including $5.3 billion that were hedged to yen through third-party derivative contracts and $36.1 billion that support liabilities denominated in u.s. dollars, with the remainder hedging our foreign currency exchange rate exposure on u.s. dollar-equivalent equity. as of december 31, 2015, our japanese insurance operations had $50.2 billion, at carrying value, of investments denominated in u.s. dollars, including $4.0 billion that were hedged to yen through third-party derivative contracts and $32.3 billion that support liabilities denominated in u.s. dollars, with the remainder hedging our foreign currency exchange rate exposure on u.s. dollar-equivalent equity. the $5.5 billion increase in the carrying value of u.s. dollar-denominated investments from december 31, 2015 is primarily attributable to portfolio growth as a result of net business inflows and the reinvestment of net investment income offset by a net increase in fair value driven by the decrease in interest rates.
our japanese insurance operations had $11.0 billion and $10.0 billion, at carrying value, of investments denominated in australian dollars that support liabilities denominated in australian dollars as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the $1.0 billion increase in the carrying value of australian dollar-denominated investments from december 31, 2015 is primarily attributable to portfolio growth as a result of net business inflows and the reinvestment of net investment income.
for additional information regarding u.s. and australian dollar investments held in our japanese insurance operations and a discussion of our yen hedging strategy, see "-results of operations by segment-international insurance division," above.
investment results the following tables set forth the income yield and investment income for each major investment category of our general account for the periods indicated. the yields are based on net investment income as reported under u.s. gaap and as such do not include certain interest related items, such as settlements of duration management swaps which are included in realized gains (losses). effective january 1, 2016, the company classified fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums in "net investment income" rather than "realized investment gains (losses), net." the impact of this change to prior periods was immaterial.
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities         3.59                             758                 0.00                        0               3.59                    758
investment results of other entities and operations(2)                                            82                                             0                                        82
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities         3.59                             720                 0.00                        0               3.59                    720
investment results of other entities and operations(2)                                           114                                             0                                       114
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities         3.75                             765                 0.00                        0               3.75                    765
investment results of other entities and operations(2)                                           124                                             0                                       124
(1)   yields are based on quarterly average carrying values except for fixed maturities, equity securities and securities lending activity. yields for fixed maturities are based on amortized cost. yields for equity securities are based on cost. yields for fixed maturities and short-term investments and cash equivalents are calculated net of liabilities and rebate expenses corresponding to securities lending activity. yields exclude investment income on assets other than those included in invested assets.
(2)   includes investment income of our asset management operations and derivative operations.
see below for a discussion of the change in the yields for pfi excluding the closed block division. the decrease in net investment income yield attributable to the closed block division for 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower fixed income reinvestment rates and lower yields from non-coupon investments partially offset by higher fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums.
the following table sets forth the income yield and investment income for each major investment category of our general account investments, excluding both the closed block division and the japanese insurance operations' portion of the general account which is presented separately below, for the periods indicated. the yields are based on net investment income as reported under u.s. gaap and as such do not include certain interest related items, such as settlements of duration management swaps which are included in realized gains (losses).
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities         3.80                    721              3.79                    688              3.96                    730
investment results of other entities and operations(2)                                   82                                      114                                      124
(1)   yields are based on quarterly average carrying values except for fixed maturities, equity securities and securities lending activity. yields for fixed maturities are based on amortized cost. yields for equity securities are based on cost. yields for fixed maturities and short-term investments and cash equivalents are calculated net of liabilities and rebate expenses corresponding to securities lending activity. yields exclude investment income on assets other than those included in invested assets.
(2)   includes investment income of our asset management operations and derivative operations,.
the decrease in net investment income yield attributable to our general account investments, excluding both the closed block division and the japanese operations' portfolio, for 2016, compared to 2015, was primarily the result of lower fixed income reinvestment rates and lower yields from non-coupon investments offset by higher fixed maturity prepayment fees and call premiums.
the decrease in net investment income yield attributable to our general account investments, excluding both the closed block division and the japanese operations' portfolio, for 2015, compared to 2014, was primarily the result of lower income from non-coupon investments and lower fixed income reinvestment rates.
the following table sets forth the income yield and investment income for each major investment category of our japanese insurance operations' general account for the periods indicated. the yields are based on net investment income as reported under u.s. gaap and as such do not include certain interest related items, such as settlements of duration management swaps which are included in realized gains (losses).
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities         1.75                     37              1.66                     32              1.80                     35
(1)   yields are based on quarterly average carrying values except for fixed maturities, equity securities and securities lending activity. yields for fixed maturities are based on amortized cost. yields for equity securities are based on cost. yields for fixed maturities and short-term investments and cash equivalents are calculated net of liabilities and rebate expenses corresponding to securities lending activity. yields exclude investment income on assets other than those included in invested assets.
the increase in net investment income yield on the japanese insurance portfolio for 2015, compared to 2014, was primarily attributable to a higher allocation into u.s. dollar-denominated investments.
both the u.s. dollar-denominated and australian dollar-denominated fixed maturities that are not hedged to yen through third-party derivative contracts provide a yield that is substantially higher than the yield on comparable yen-denominated fixed maturities. the average amortized cost of u.s. dollar-denominated fixed maturities that are not hedged to yen through third-party derivative contracts was approximately $37.7 billion and $35.0 billion, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the majority of u.s. dollar-denominated fixed maturities support liabilities that are denominated in u.s. dollars. the average amortized cost of australian dollar-denominated fixed maturities that are not hedged to yen through third-party derivative contracts was approximately $9.5 billion and $9.3 billion, for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the australian dollar-denominated fixed maturities support liabilities that are denominated in australian dollars.
for additional information regarding u.s. and australian dollar investments held in our japanese insurance operations see, "-results of operations by segment-international insurance division."
general account investments of pfi excluding closed block division in the following sections, we provide details about our investment portfolio, excluding investments held in the closed block division. we believe the details of the composition of our investment portfolio excluding the closed block division are most relevant to an understanding of our operations that are pertinent to investors in prudential financial because substantially all closed block division assets support obligations and liabilities relating to the closed block policies only. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the closed block.
energy related exposure as of december 31, 2016, pfi excluding the closed block division had direct and indirect energy and related exposure with a market value of approximately $12.6 billion and a net unrealized gain of approximately $0.5 billion, which was reflected in aoci. of this exposure, $10.8 billion represented investments in public and private corporate fixed maturity securities and was concentrated primarily in midstream (33%), independent energy (29%), integrated energy (18%) and oil field services (14%). as of december 31, 2016, the credit quality of energy sector fixed maturity securities was 83% investment grade. the remaining exposure of $1.8 billion was comprised of trading account assets, equity securities and private equity investments. energy investment realized losses were approximately $138 million from otti and $193 million from sales for the year ended december 31, 2016. our investments in the energy sector could experience future valuation declines or impairments if energy prices decline from current levels for an extended period of time.
united kingdom / european union exposure as of december 31, 2016, pfi excluding the closed block division had direct and indirect united kingdom exposure with a market value of approximately $10.4 billion. net unrealized gains were approximately $0.4 billion, which were reflected in aoci. of this exposure, $7.1 billion represented public and private corporate fixed maturity securities across a range of sectors, 91% of which was investment grade. in addition, $1.2 billion represented commercial mortgage loans with a weighted average loan-to-value ratio of 60% and a weighted average debt service coverage ratio of 2.55 times. the remaining united kingdom exposure of $2.1 billion was comprised of trading account assets, equity securities, private equity investments and real estate held through direct ownership. of the total exposure, 42% was denominated in pound sterling, substantially all of which was hedged back to u.s. dollars.
as of december 31, 2016, pfi excluding the closed block division had direct and indirect european union exposure excluding the united kingdom with a market value of approximately $17.0 billion. net unrealized gains were approximately $0.8 billion, which were reflected in aoci. of this exposure, $14.0 billion represented public and private corporate fixed maturity securities, 96% of which was investment grade. the remaining european union exposure excluding the united kingdom of $3.0 billion was comprised of trading account assets, commercial mortgages, equity securities, private equity investments and real estate held through direct ownership. of the total exposure, 44% was denominated in foreign currencies, substantially all of which was hedged back to u.s. dollars. the total exposure was concentrated primarily in the netherlands (28%), france (19%), italy (13%), germany (11%), luxembourg (7%), ireland (5%) and sweden (5%).
fixed maturity securities fixed maturity securities by contractual maturity date the following table sets forth the breakdown of the amortized cost of our fixed maturity securities portfolio by contractual maturity as of the date indicated:
amortizedcost           % of total
fixed maturity securities and unrealized gains and losses by industry category the following table sets forth the composition of the portion of our fixed maturity securities portfolio by industry category attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated and the associated gross unrealized gains and losses:
capital goods                      10,936                            911                                 236                       11,611                 10,503                            978                                 241                       11,240
(2)   includes $380 million of gross unrealized gains and $0 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2016, compared to $316 million of gross unrealized gains and $0 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2015, on securities classified as held-to-maturity.
(3)   as of both december 31, 2016 and 2015, based on amortized cost, 76% represent japanese government bonds held by our japanese insurance operations, with no other individual country representing more than 9% of the balance.
(5)   excluded from the table above are securities held outside the general account in other entities and operations. for additional information regarding investments held outside the general account, see "-invested assets of other entities and operations" below. also excluded from the table above are fixed maturity securities classified as trading. see "-trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities" and "-other trading account assets" for additional information.
asset-backed securities the following tables set forth the amortized cost and fair value of our asset-backed securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division, by credit quality, as of the dates indicated:
lowest rating agency rating aaa                aa               a             bbb           bb andbelow             totalamortizedcost                    total december 31,
collateralized by sub-prime mortgages(1)              $0                $0             $18             $36                $352                        $406                     $1,141
collateralized loan obligations                    6,178                18               0               0                   0                       6,196                      4,280
collateralized by education loans(2)                  28               370               0               0                   0                         398                        392
collateralized by credit cards                       116                 0               0               0                   0                         116                        201
collateralized by auto loans                         818                 0               0               0                   0                         818                        518
(1)   while there is no market standard definition for securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, we define sub-prime mortgages as residential mortgages that are originated to weaker-quality obligors as indicated by weaker credit scores, as well as mortgages with higher loan-to-value ratios or limited documentation.
(2)   all of the $398 million of education loans included above carry a department of education guaranty as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   includes asset-backed securities collateralized by bond obligations, aircraft, equipment leases, franchises and timeshares.
lowest rating agency rating aaa                aa               a             bbb           bb andbelow             totalfair value                    total december 31,
collateralized by sub-prime mortgages(1)              $0                $0             $19             $36                $432                      $487                    $1,189
collateralized loan obligations                    6,231                18               0               0                   0                     6,249                     4,317
collateralized by education loans(2)                  28               379               0               0                   0                       407                       395
collateralized by credit cards                       119                 0               0               0                   0                       119                       206
collateralized by auto loans                         816                 0               0               0                   0                       816                       516
(1)   while there is no market standard definition for securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, we define sub-prime mortgages as residential mortgages that are originated to weaker-quality obligors as indicated by weaker credit scores, as well as mortgages with higher loan-to-value ratios or limited documentation.
(2)   all of the $407 million of education loans included above carry a department of education guaranty as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   includes asset-backed securities collateralized by bond obligations, aircraft, equipment leases, franchises and timeshares.
the tables above provide ratings as assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies as of december 31, 2016, including standard & poor's, moody's and fitch. in making our investment decisions, rather than relying solely on the rating agencies' evaluations, we assign internal ratings to our asset-backed securities based upon our dedicated asset-backed securities unit's independent evaluation of the underlying collateral and securitization structure, including any guarantees from monoline bond insurers.
residential mortgage-backed securities the following table sets forth the amortized cost of our residential mortgage-backed securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
amortizedcost           % of total            amortizedcost           % of total
agency pass-through securities(1)                       $3,803                87.4       %            $4,382                90.1       %
collateralized mortgage obligations            549                            12.6           479                             9.9
(1)   as of december 31, 2016, of these securities, $2.834 billion are supported by the u.s. government, and $0.969 billion are supported by foreign governments. as of december 31, 2015, of these securities, $3.267 billion were supported by the u.s. government, and $1.115 billion were supported by foreign governments.
(2)   based on lowest external rating agency rating.
commercial mortgage-backed securities the following tables set forth the amortized cost and fair value of our commercial mortgage-backed securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated, by credit quality and by year of issuance (vintage):
lowest rating agency rating(1)
(1)   the table above provides ratings as assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   included in the table above, as of december 31, 2016, are downgraded super senior securities with amortized cost of $16 million in aa and $3 million in a.
(4)   included in the table above, as of december 31, 2016, are agency commercial mortgage-backed securities with amortized cost of $890 million, all rated a or higher.
lowest rating agency rating(1)
(1)   the table above provides ratings as assigned by nationally recognized rating agencies as of december 31, 2016.
(3)   included in the table above, as of december 31, 2016, are agency commercial mortgage-backed securities with fair value of $892 million, all rated a or higher.
fixed maturity securities credit quality the securities valuation office ("svo") of the naic, evaluates the investments of insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six categories called "naic designations." in general, naic designations of "1" highest quality, or "2" high quality, include fixed maturities considered investment grade, which include securities rated baa3 or higher by moody's or bbb- or higher by standard & poor's. naic designations of "3" through "6" generally include fixed maturities referred to as below investment grade, which include securities rated ba1 or lower by moody's and bb+ or lower by standard & poor's. the naic designations for commercial mortgage-backed securities and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities, including our asset-backed securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, are based on security level expected losses as modeled by an independent third-party (engaged by the naic) and the statutory carrying value of the security, including any purchase discounts or impairment charges previously recognized.
as a result of time lags between the funding of investments, the finalization of legal documents, and the completion of the svo filing process, the fixed maturity portfolio generally includes securities that have not yet been designated by the svo as of each balance sheet date. pending receipt of svo designations, the categorization of these securities by naic designation is based on the expected ratings indicated by internal analysis.
investments of our international insurance companies are not subject to naic guidelines. investments of our japanese insurance operations are regulated locally by the fsa, an agency of the japanese government. the fsa has its own investment quality criteria and risk control standards. our japanese insurance companies comply with the fsa's credit quality review and risk monitoring guidelines. the credit quality ratings of the investments of our japanese insurance companies are based on ratings assigned by nationally recognized credit rating agencies, including moody's, standard & poor's, or rating equivalents based on ratings assigned by japanese credit ratings agencies.
the following table sets forth our fixed maturity portfolio by naic designation or equivalent ratings attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
(1)   reflects equivalent ratings for investments of the international insurance operations.
(2)   includes, as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, 918 securities with amortized cost of $4,634 million (fair value, $4,759 million) and 938 securities with amortized cost of $4,253 million (fair value, $4,325 million), respectively, that have been categorized based on expected naic designations pending receipt of svo ratings.
(3)   includes $380 million of gross unrealized gains and $0 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2016, compared to $316 million of gross unrealized gains and $0 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2015, on securities classified as held-to-maturity.
(4)   as of december 31, 2016, includes gross unrealized losses of $149 million on public fixed maturities and $154 million on private fixed maturities considered to be other than high or highest quality and, as of december 31, 2015, includes gross unrealized losses of $212 million on public fixed maturities and $196 million on private fixed maturities considered to be other than high or highest quality.
(5)   on an amortized cost basis, as of december 31, 2016, includes $211,753 million of public fixed maturities and $32,812 million of private fixed maturities and, as of december 31, 2015, includes $190,638 million of public fixed maturities and $30,443 million of private fixed maturities.
(6)   on an amortized cost basis, as of december 31, 2016, includes $7,170 million of public fixed maturities and $5,479 million of private fixed maturities and, as of december 31, 2015, includes $5,836 million of public fixed maturities and $4,363 million of private fixed maturities.
(7)   on an amortized cost basis, as of december 31, 2016, securities considered below investment grade based on lowest of external rating agency ratings, total $13,820 million, or 5% of the total fixed maturities, and include securities considered high or highest quality by the naic based on the rules described above.
in a credit derivative, we may sell credit protection on an identified name or a broad based index, and in return receive a quarterly premium. the majority of the underlying reference names in single name and index credit derivatives where we have sold credit protection, as well as all the counterparties to these agreements, are investment grade credit quality and our credit derivatives have a remaining term to maturity of thirty-one years or less. the premium or credit spread generally corresponds to the difference between the yield on the reference name's (or index's underlying reference names) public fixed maturity cash instruments and swap rates at the time the agreement is executed. credit derivative contracts are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value, including the premiums received, recorded in "realized investment gains (losses), net."
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, pfi excluding the closed block division had $162 million and $807 million, respectively, of notional amounts of exposure, where we have sold credit protection through credit derivatives, reported at fair value as an asset of less than $1 million and a liability of $27 million, respectively. "realized investment gains (losses), net" from credit derivatives we sold was a gain of $7 million and $6 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. this excludes a credit derivative related to surplus notes issued by a subsidiary of prudential insurance. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding this derivative.
in addition to selling credit protection, we have purchased credit protection using credit derivatives in order to hedge specific credit exposures in our investment portfolio. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, pfi excluding the closed block division had $141 million and $409 million of notional amounts, respectively, reported at fair value as a liability of $4 million for both years. "realized investment gains (losses), net" from credit derivatives we purchased was a loss of $5 million and $9 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding credit derivatives and an overall description of our derivative activities.
otti of fixed maturity securities we maintain separate monitoring processes for public and private fixed maturities and create watch lists to highlight securities that require special scrutiny and management. our public fixed maturity asset managers review all public fixed maturity holdings on a quarterly basis and more frequently when necessary to identify potential credit deterioration whether due to ratings downgrades, unexpected price variances and/or company or industry specific concerns.
for private placements, our credit and portfolio management processes help ensure prudent controls over valuation and management. we have separate pricing and authorization processes to establish "checks and balances" for new investments. we apply consistent standards of credit analysis and due diligence for all transactions, whether they originate through our own in-house origination staff or through agents. our regional offices closely monitor the portfolios in their regions. we set all valuation standards centrally, and we assess the fair value of all investments quarterly. our private fixed maturity asset managers formally review all private fixed maturity holdings on a quarterly basis and more frequently when necessary to identify potential credit deterioration whether due to ratings downgrades, unexpected price variances and/or company or industry specific concerns. for additional information regarding our policies regarding otti for fixed maturity securities, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
otti of general account fixed maturity securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division that were recognized in earnings were $144 million, $97 million and $36 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for a further discussion of otti, see "-realized investment gains (losses)" above.
trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities the following table sets forth the composition of the taasil portfolio attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
u.s. government authorities and agencies and obligations of u.s. states               330          376                                326          369
total trading account assets supporting insurance liabilities(1)                  $21,407                 $21,840                 $20,164                 $20,522
(1)   as a percentage of amortized cost, 80% and 77% of the portfolio was publicly-traded as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
other trading account assets other trading account assets consist primarily of certain financial instruments that contain an embedded derivative where we elected to classify the entire instrument as a trading account asset rather than bifurcate. these instruments are carried at fair value, with realized and unrealized gains (losses) reported in "other income" and excluded from adjusted operating income. interest and dividend income from these investments is reported in "net investment income" and is included in adjusted operating income.
the following table sets forth the composition of our other trading account assets attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
(1)   included in equity securities are perpetual preferred stock securities that have characteristics of both debt and equity securities.
commercial mortgage and other loans investment mix as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we held approximately 11% and 12%, respectively, of our general account investments attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division in commercial mortgage and other loans. these percentages are net of a $90 million and $95 million allowance for losses as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the following table sets forth the composition of our commercial mortgage and other loans portfolio, before the allowance for losses, attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the dates indicated:
uncollateralized loans                                              636                         966
other collateralized loans                                            9                         312
(1)   as a percentage of recorded investment gross of allowance, more than 99% of these assets were current as of both december 31, 2016 and 2015.
(2)   excluded from the table above are commercial mortgage and other loans held outside the general account in other entities and operations. for additional information regarding commercial mortgage and other loans held outside the general account, see "-invested assets of other entities and operations" below.
we originate commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans using a dedicated investment staff through our various regional offices in the u.s. and international offices primarily in london and tokyo. all loans are underwritten consistently to our standards using a proprietary quality rating system that has been developed from our experience in real estate and mortgage lending.
uncollateralized loans primarily represent corporate loans which do not meet the definition of a security under authoritative accounting guidance.
residential property loans primarily include japanese recourse loans. upon default of these recourse loans, we can make a claim against the personal assets of the property owner, in addition to the mortgaged property. these loans are also backed by third-party guarantors.
other collateralized loans include collateralized structured loans and consumer loans.
composition of commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans our commercial mortgage and agricultural property loan portfolio strategy emphasizes diversification by property type and geographic location. the following tables set forth the breakdown of the gross carrying values of our general account investments in commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division by geographic region and property type as of the dates indicated:
grosscarryingvalue          % oftotal             grosscarryingvalue          % oftotal
grosscarryingvalue          % oftotal             grosscarryingvalue          % oftotal
office                                                                            9,619                 22.9                        8,498                 21.8
agricultural properties                                                           2,279                  5.4                        2,130                  5.5
loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios are measures commonly used to assess the quality of commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans. the loan-to-value ratio compares the amount of the loan to the fair value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan and is commonly expressed as a percentage. a loan-to-value ratio less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. loan-to-value ratios greater than 100% indicate that the loan amount exceeds the collateral value. the debt service coverage ratio compares a property's net operating income to its debt service payments. debt service coverage ratios less than 1.0 times indicate that property operations do not generate enough income to cover the loan's current debt payments. a debt service coverage ratio greater than 1.0 times indicates an excess of net operating income over the debt service payments.
as of december 31, 2016, our general account investments in commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division had a weighted average debt service coverage ratio of 2.38 times and a weighted average loan-to-value ratio of 55%. as of december 31, 2016, approximately 96% of commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans were fixed rate loans. for those general account commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans that were originated in 2016, the weighted average debt service coverage ratio was 2.47 times, and the weighted average loan-to-value ratio was 62%.
the values utilized in calculating these loan-to-value ratios are developed as part of our periodic review of the commercial mortgage and agricultural property loan portfolio, which includes an internal evaluation of the underlying collateral value. our periodic review also includes a quality re-rating process, whereby we update the internal quality rating originally assigned at underwriting based on the proprietary quality rating system mentioned above. as discussed below, the internal quality rating is a key input in determining our allowance for loan losses.
for loans with collateral under construction, renovation or lease-up, a stabilized value and projected net operating income are used in the calculation of the loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios. our commercial mortgage and agricultural property loan portfolio included approximately $1.4 billion of such loans as of both december 31, 2016 and 2015. all else being equal, these loans are inherently more risky than those collateralized by properties that have already stabilized. as of december 31, 2016, there are no loan-specific reserves related to these loans. in addition, these unstabilized loans are included in the calculation of our portfolio reserve as discussed below.
the following table sets forth the gross carrying value of our general account investments in commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the date indicated by loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios:
commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans by loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios december 31, 2016
debt service coverage ratio
the following table sets forth the breakdown of our commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division as of the date indicated by year of origination:
grosscarryingvalue          % oftotal year of origination                               ($ in millions)
commercial mortgage and other loans by contractual maturity date the following table sets forth the breakdown of our commercial mortgage and other loans portfolio by contractual maturity as of the date indicated:
grosscarrying value           % of total
commercial mortgage and other loans quality ongoing review of the portfolio is performed, and loans are placed on watch list status based on a predefined set of criteria, where they are assigned to one of the following categories. we classify loans as closely monitored when we determine there is a collateral deficiency or other credit events that may lead to a potential loss of principal or interest. loans not in good standing are those loans where we have concluded that there is a high probability of loss of principal, such as when the loan is in the process of foreclosure or the borrower is in bankruptcy. our workout and special servicing professionals manage the loans on the watch list. as described below, in determining our allowance for losses we evaluate each loan on the watch list to determine if it is probable that amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected.
we establish an allowance for losses to provide for the risk of credit losses inherent in the lending process. the allowance includes loan-specific reserves for loans that are determined to be impaired as a result of our loan review process and a portfolio reserve for probable incurred but not specifically identified losses for loans which are not on the watch list. we define an impaired loan as a loan for which we estimate it is probable that amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. the loan-specific portion of the loss allowance is based on our assessment as to ultimate collectability of loan principal and interest. valuation allowances for an impaired loan are recorded based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or based on the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. the portfolio reserve for incurred but not specifically identified losses considers the current credit composition of the portfolio based on the internal quality ratings mentioned above. the portfolio reserves are determined using past loan experience, including historical credit migration, loss probability and loss severity factors by property type. these factors are reviewed and updated as appropriate. the valuation allowance for commercial mortgage and other loans can increase or decrease from period to period based on these factors.
the following table sets forth the change in valuation allowances for our commercial mortgage and other loans portfolio as of the dates indicated:
allowance, beginning of year                                 $95                         $99
addition to (release of) allowance for losses                 (6       )                  (4       )
charge-offs, net of recoveries                                 0                           0
change in foreign exchange                                     1                           0
allowance, end of period                                     $90                         $95
the decrease in the allowance for losses for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily driven by improved credit quality of the portfolio.
equity securities investment mix the equity securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division consist principally of investments in common and preferred stock of publicly-traded companies, as well as mutual fund shares. the following table sets forth the composition of our equity securities portfolio and the associated gross unrealized gains and losses as of the dates indicated:
(1)   includes mutual fund shares representing our interest in the underlying assets of certain investments supporting corporate-owned life insurance. these mutual funds invest primarily in high yield bonds.
otti of equity securities for those equity securities classified as available-for-sale, we record unrealized gains (losses) to the extent that cost is different from estimated fair value. all securities with unrealized losses are subject to our review to identify otti in value. for additional information regarding our policies regarding otti for equity securities, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
otti of equity securities attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division were $61 million, $111 million and $26 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for a further discussion of otti, see "-realized investment gains (losses)" above.
other long-term investments the following table sets forth the composition of "other long-term investments," which primarily consists of investments in joint ventures and limited partnerships, other than operating joint ventures, as well as wholly-owned investment real estate and other investments attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division, as of the dates indicated:
(1)   primarily includes derivatives and member and activity stock held in the federal home loan banks of new york and boston. for additional information regarding our holdings in the federal home loan banks of new york and boston, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
otti of other long-term investments
for joint ventures and limited partnerships, the carrying value of these investments is written down or impaired to fair value when a decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary.
otti on joint ventures and limited partnerships attributable to pfi excluding the closed block division were $57 million, $121 million and $21 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. for a further discussion of otti, see "-realized investment gains (losses)" above.
for additional information regarding our policies regarding otti for joint ventures and limited partnerships, other than operating joint ventures, as well as wholly-owned investment real estate and other investments, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
invested assets of other entities and operations
"invested assets of other entities and operations" presented below includes investments held outside the general account and primarily represents investments associated with our asset management operations and derivative operations. our derivative operations act on behalf of affiliates primarily to manage interest rate, foreign currency, credit and equity exposures. assets within our asset management operations that are managed for third parties and those assets classified as "separate account assets" on our balance sheet are not included.
(1)   book value is generally based on unpaid principal balance net of any allowance for losses, the lower of cost or fair value, or fair value, depending on the loan.
the $8 billion decrease in investments related to the invested assets of other entities and operations in 2016 was primarily attributable to a $9 billion decrease in other trading account assets of which $6 billion was due to adoption of the consolidation accounting standard update, which resulted in the deconsolidation of certain of its previously consolidated collateralized loan obligations effective january 1, 2016 and $3 billion of additional deconsolidations throughout 2016.
other trading account assets other trading account assets are primarily related to assets associated with consolidated variable interest entities for which the company is the investment manager, as well as our derivative operations used to manage interest rate, foreign currency, credit and equity exposures. the assets of the consolidated variable interest entities are generally offset by liabilities for which the fair value option has been elected. for further information on these consolidated variable interest entities, see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial mortgage and other loans our asset management operations include our commercial mortgage operations, which provide mortgage origination, asset management and servicing for our general account, institutional clients and government-sponsored entities such as fannie mae, the federal housing administration and freddie mac.
the mortgage loans of our commercial mortgage operations are included in "commercial mortgage and other loans," with related derivatives and other hedging instruments primarily included in "other trading account assets" and "other long-term investments."
other long-term investments primarily include strategic investments made as part of our asset management operations. we make these strategic investments in real estate, as well as fixed income, public equity and real estate securities, including controlling interests. certain of these investments are made primarily for purposes of co-investment in our managed funds and structured products. other strategic investments are made with the intention to sell or syndicate to investors, including our general account, or for placement in funds and structured products that we offer and manage (seed investments). as part of our asset management operations, we also make loans to our managed funds that are secured by equity commitments from investors or assets of the funds. other long-term investments also include certain assets in consolidated investment funds where the company is deemed to exercise control over the funds.
liquidity and capital resources overview liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the company. capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of our businesses, fund business growth, and provide a cushion to withstand adverse circumstances. our ability to generate and maintain sufficient liquidity and capital depends on the profitability of our businesses, general economic conditions and our access to the capital markets and the alternate sources of liquidity and capital described herein.
effective and prudent liquidity and capital management is a priority across the organization. management monitors the liquidity of prudential financial and its subsidiaries on a daily basis and projects borrowing and capital needs over a multi-year time horizon through our periodic planning process. we believe that cash flows from the sources of funds available to us are sufficient to satisfy the current liquidity requirements of prudential financial and its subsidiaries, including under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios. we have a capital management framework in place that governs the allocation of capital and approval of capital uses. we also employ a capital protection framework to ensure the availability of capital resources to maintain adequate capitalization on a consolidated basis and competitive rbc ratios and solvency margins for our insurance subsidiaries under various stress scenarios.
prudential financial is a designated financial company under dodd-frank. as a designated financial company, prudential financial is subject to supervision and examination by the federal reserve bank of boston and to stricter prudential regulatory standards, which include or will include requirements and limitations (many of which are the subject of ongoing rule-making) relating to capital, leverage, liquidity, stress-testing, overall risk management, resolution and recovery plans, credit exposure reporting, early remediation, management interlocks and credit concentration. they may also include additional standards regarding enhanced public disclosure, short-term debt limits and other related subjects. emerging state and international standards may also impose additional capital and other requirements. for information on these regulatory initiatives and their potential impact on us, see "business-regulation" and "risk factors."
during 2016, we took the following significant actions that impacted our liquidity and capital position:
•   we executed the variable annuities recapture, which enabled the individual annuities segment to distribute $1.0 billion of highly liquid assets to prudential financial and is expected to result in more efficient management of capital and liquidity associated with our variable annuities business. see "-results of operations-variable annuities recapture and risk management strategy" for further details;
•   we repurchased $2.0 billion of shares of our common stock and declared aggregate common stock dividends of $1.2 billion;
•   we retired $750 million of our outstanding senior debt through maturities;
•   we repurchased $500 million of our outstanding senior debt through a tender offer;
•   we restructured the terms of a $3.0 billion captive financing facility for regulation xxx reserves by redeeming $300 million of outstanding debt under the facility and converting an additional $300 million of outstanding debt to a credit-linked note structure;
•   we obtained additional financing for guideline axxx and regulation xxx reserves by increasing the amounts outstanding under captive financing facilities by $553 million and $406 million, respectively; and
•   a subsidiary, prudential holdings of japan, entered into a new ¥100 billion three-year syndicated, unsecured committed credit facility, providing us with an additional source of liquidity.
capital
our capital management framework is primarily based on statutory rbc and solvency margin measures. due to our diverse mix of businesses and applicable regulatory requirements, we apply certain refinements to the framework that are designed to more appropriately reflect risks associated with our businesses on a consistent basis across the company.
we seek to capitalize all of our subsidiaries and businesses in accordance with their ratings targets, and we believe prudential financial's capitalization and use of financial leverage are consistent with those ratings targets. our long-term senior debt rating targets for prudential financial are "a" for standard & poor's rating services ("s&p"), moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), and fitch ratings ltd. ("fitch"), and "a" for a.m. best company ("a.m. best"). our financial strength rating targets for our life insurance companies are "aa/aa/aa" for s&p, moody's and fitch, respectively, and "a+" for a.m. best. some entities may currently be rated below these targets, and not all of our life insurance companies are rated by each of these rating agencies. see "-ratings" below for a description of the potential impacts of ratings downgrades.
capital governance our capital management framework is ultimately reviewed and approved by our board of directors (the "board"). the board has adopted a capital policy that authorizes our chairman and chief executive officer and vice chairman to approve certain capital actions on behalf of the company and to further delegate authority with respect to capital actions to appropriate officers. any capital commitment that exceeds the authority granted to senior management under the capital policy is separately authorized by the board.
in addition, our capital and finance committee ("cfc") reviews the use and allocation of capital above certain threshold amounts to promote the efficient use of capital, consistent with our strategic objectives, ratings aspirations and other goals and targets. this management committee provides a multi-disciplinary due diligence review of specific initiatives or transactions requiring the use of capital, including mergers and acquisitions. the cfc also reviews our annual capital plan (and updates to this plan), as well as our capital, liquidity and financial position, borrowing plans, and related matters prior to the discussion of these items with the board.
capitalization the primary components of the company's capitalization consist of equity and outstanding capital debt, including junior subordinated debt. as shown in the table below, as of december 31, 2016, the company had $42.9 billion in capital, all of which was available to support the aggregate capital requirements of its divisions and its corporate and other operations. based on our assessment of these businesses and operations, we believe this level of capital is consistent with our ratings targets.
other capital debt                                           5,822               6,069
total capital                                              $42,881             $41,485
(1)   prior period had been revised to conform to current period presentation due to the adoption of asu 2015-03 regarding the classification of debt issuance costs. for more information, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   amounts attributable to prudential financial, excluding aoci.
the decrease in other capital debt from december 31, 2015 primarily reflects a senior debt maturity, which was previously utilized to meet capital requirements of our businesses.
insurance regulatory capital we manage prudential insurance, prudential of japan, gibraltar life, and our other domestic and international insurance subsidiaries to regulatory capital levels consistent with our "aa" ratings targets. we utilize the rbc ratio as a primary measure of the capital adequacy of our domestic insurance subsidiaries and the solvency margin ratio as a primary measure of the capital adequacy of our international insurance subsidiaries.
rbc is calculated based on statutory financial statements and risk formulas consistent with the practices of the naic. rbc considers, among other things, risks related to the type and quality of the invested assets, insurance-related risks associated with an insurer's products and liabilities, interest rate risks and general business risks. rbc ratio calculations are intended to assist insurance regulators in measuring an insurer's solvency and ability to pay future claims. the reporting of rbc measures is not intended for the purpose of ranking any insurance company or for use in connection with any marketing, advertising or promotional activities, but is available to the public.
the table below presents the rbc ratios of our most significant domestic insurance subsidiaries as of december 31, 2015, the most recent statutory fiscal year-end for these subsidiaries for which rbc information has been filed.
composite major u.s. insurance subsidiaries(2)     486   %
(1)   includes priac, pruco life, plnj (which is a subsidiary of pruco life) and plic.
(2)   includes prudential insurance and its subsidiaries, as noted above, and palac. composite rbc is not reported to regulators and is based on the summation of total adjusted capital and risk charges for the included companies as determined under statutory accounting and rbc guidance to calculate a composite numerator and denominator, respectively, for purposes of calculating the composite ratio.
although not yet filed, we expect the prudential insurance, palac and composite rbc ratios to be greater than 400% as of december 31, 2016.
similar to the rbc ratios that are employed by u.s. insurance regulators, regulatory authorities in the international jurisdictions in which we operate generally establish some form of minimum solvency margin requirements for insurance companies based on local statutory accounting practices. these solvency margins are a primary measure of the capital adequacy of our international insurance operations. maintenance of our solvency margins at certain levels is also important to our competitive positioning, as in certain jurisdictions, such as japan, these solvency margins are required to be disclosed to the public and therefore impact the public perception of an insurer's financial strength.
the table below presents the solvency margin ratios of our most significant international insurance subsidiaries as of september 30, 2016, the most recent date for which this information is available.
ratio prudential of japan consolidated(1)     858   %
(1)   includes prudential trust co., ltd., a subsidiary of prudential of japan.
(2)   includes pgfl, a subsidiary of gibraltar life.
although not yet filed, we expect the solvency margin ratio for each of these subsidiaries to be greater than 700% as of december 31, 2016.
all of our domestic and significant international insurance subsidiaries have capital levels that substantially exceed the minimum level required by applicable insurance regulations.
we evaluate the regulatory capital of our domestic and international insurance operations under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios and believe we have adequate resources to maintain our capital levels comfortably above regulatory requirements under these scenarios. for further information on the calculation of rbc and solvency margin ratios, as well as regulatory minimums, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital protection framework we employ a "capital protection framework" (the "framework") to ensure that sufficient capital resources are available to maintain adequate capitalization on a consolidated basis and competitive rbc ratios and solvency margins for our insurance subsidiaries under various stress scenarios. the framework incorporates the potential impacts from market related stresses, including equity markets, real estate, interest rates, credit losses, credit spreads, and foreign currency exchange rates. in evaluating these potential impacts, we assess risk holistically at the enterprise level, recognizing that our business mix may produce results that partially offset on a net basis. the framework addresses the potential capital consequences, under stress scenarios, of certain of these net risks and the strategies we use to mitigate them, including the following:
•   equity market exposure affecting the statutory capital of the company as a whole, which we manage through our equity hedge program and on-balance sheet and contingent sources of capital;
•   our decision to manage a portion of our interest rate risk internally, on a net basis, at an enterprise level. in implementing this strategy, we execute intercompany derivative transactions between our corporate and other operations and certain business segments. we limit our exposure to the resulting net interest rate risk at the enterprise level through options embedded in our hedging strategy that may be exercised if interest rates decline below certain thresholds. during 2016, primarily as a result of the change in our individual annuities' risk management strategy, we replaced a significant portion of these intercompany derivatives with external derivatives and expect to manage most of this interest rate risk within the business segments in the future. for more information, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-corporate and other" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-individual annuities."
we periodically recalibrate our hedging strategies in response to changing market conditions. the framework accommodates periodic volatility within ranges that we deem acceptable, while also providing for additional potential sources of capital, including on-balance sheet capital, derivatives, and contingent sources of capital. although we continue to enhance our approach, we believe we currently have access to sufficient resources to maintain adequate capitalization and competitive rbc ratios and solvency margins under a range of potential stress scenarios.
captive reinsurance companies we use captive reinsurance companies in our domestic insurance operations to more effectively manage our reserves and capital on an economic basis and to enable the aggregation and transfer of risks. our captive reinsurance companies assume business from affiliates only. to support the risks they assume, our captives are capitalized to a level we believe is consistent with the "aa" financial strength rating targets of our insurance subsidiaries. all of our captive reinsurance companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries and are located domestically, typically in the state of domicile of the direct writing insurance subsidiary that cedes the majority of business to the captive. in addition to state insurance regulation, our captives are subject to internal policies governing their activities. in the normal course of business we contribute capital to the captives to support business growth and other needs. prudential financial has also entered into support agreements with the captives in connection with financing arrangements.
our domestic life insurance subsidiaries are subject to a regulation entitled "valuation of life insurance policies model regulation," commonly known as "regulation xxx," and a supporting guideline entitled "the application of the valuation of life insurance policies model regulation," commonly known as "guideline axxx." the regulation and supporting guideline require insurers to establish statutory reserves for term and universal life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees at a level that exceeds what our actuarial assumptions for this business would otherwise require. we use captive reinsurance companies to finance the portion of the reserves for this business that we consider to be non-economic as described below under "-financing activities-subsidiary borrowings-financing of regulatory reserves associated with domestic life insurance products."
through march 31, 2016, we reinsured the living benefit guarantees on certain variable annuity and retirement products from our domestic life insurance companies to a captive reinsurance company, pruco re. effective april 1, 2016, the risks related to these products no longer reside within pruco re as a result of the variable annuities recapture. see "-results of operations-variable annuities recapture and risk management strategy" for further information. on september 30, 2016, pruco re was merged with and into palac.
shareholder distributions share repurchase program and shareholder dividends in december 2015, the board authorized the company to repurchase at management's discretion up to $1.5 billion of its outstanding common stock during the period from january 1, 2016 through december 31, 2016, which superseded a previous authorization covering a portion of this period. in august 2016, the board authorized a $500 million increase to the authorization for calendar year 2016. as a result, the company's aggregate share repurchase authorization for the full year 2016 was $2.0 billion.
in december 2016, the board authorized the company to repurchase at management's discretion up to $1.25 billion of its outstanding common stock during the period from january 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017.
the timing and amount of share repurchases are determined by management based on market conditions and other considerations, including any increased capital needs of our businesses due to, among other things, changes in regulatory capital requirements and opportunities for growth and acquisitions. repurchases may be effected in the open market, through derivative, accelerated repurchase and other negotiated transactions and through plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1(c) under the exchange act.
the following table sets forth information about declarations of common stock dividends, as well as repurchases of shares of prudential financial's common stock, for each of the quarterly periods in 2016 and for the prior four years.
in addition, on february 8, 2017, prudential financial's board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.75 per share of common stock, payable on march 16, 2017. as a designated financial company under dodd-frank, prudential financial expects to be subject to stricter requirements and limitations regarding capital, leverage and liquidity. our compliance with these and other requirements under dodd-frank could limit our ability to pay common stock dividends and/or repurchase shares in the future.
liquidity the principles of our liquidity management framework are described in an enterprise-wide liquidity policy that is reviewed and approved by the board. liquidity management and stress testing are performed on a legal entity basis as the ability to transfer funds between subsidiaries is limited due in part to regulatory restrictions. liquidity needs are determined through daily and quarterly cash flow forecasting at the holding company and within our operating subsidiaries. a minimum balance of highly liquid assets of at least $1.3 billion is targeted to ensure that adequate liquidity is available at prudential financial to cover fixed expenses in the event that we experience reduced cash flows from our operating subsidiaries at a time when access to capital markets is also not available. this targeted minimum balance is reviewed and approved annually by the board.
we seek to mitigate the risk of having limited or no access to financing due to stressed market conditions by generally pre-funding capital debt in advance of maturity. we mitigate the refinancing risk associated with our debt that is used to fund operating needs by matching the term of debt with the assets financed. to ensure adequate liquidity in stress scenarios, stress testing is performed for our major operating subsidiaries. we seek to further mitigate liquidity risk by maintaining our access to alternative sources of liquidity, as discussed below.
liquidity of prudential financial the principal sources of funds available to prudential financial, the parent holding company, are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, repayments of operating loans from subsidiaries and highly liquid assets. these sources of funds may be supplemented by prudential financial's access to the capital markets as well as the "-alternative sources of liquidity" described below.
the primary uses of funds at prudential financial include servicing debt, paying operating expenses, making capital contributions and loans to subsidiaries, paying declared shareholder dividends and repurchasing outstanding shares of common stock executed under authority from the board.
as of december 31, 2016, prudential financial had highly liquid assets consisting of cash, short-term investments and u.s. treasury fixed maturities with a carrying value totaling $5,393 million. we maintain an intercompany liquidity account that is designed to optimize the use of cash by facilitating the lending and borrowing of funds between prudential financial and its subsidiaries on a daily basis. excluding net borrowings from this intercompany liquidity account, prudential financial had highly liquid assets of $4,553 million as of december 31, 2016, a decrease of $509 million from december 31, 2015.
the following table sets forth prudential financial's principal sources and uses of highly liquid assets, excluding net borrowings from our intercompany liquidity account, for the periods indicated.
dividends and/or returns of capital from subsidiaries(1)                                    $3,843                  $4,632
proceeds from stock-based compensation and exercise of stock options                           625                     379
interest income from subsidiaries on intercompany agreements, net of interest paid             214                     257
net receipts under intercompany loan agreements(2)                                              43                   3,271
proceeds from the issuance of junior subordinated debt (hybrid securities)                       0                   1,000
proceeds from the issuance of retail medium-term notes                                           0                     180
capital contributions to subsidiaries(4)                                                       939                   2,545
interest paid on external debt                                                                 902                     970
maturities of long-term senior debt, excluding retail medium-term notes                        750                       0
repurchase of medium-term notes                                                                500                      77
repayments from short-term debt, net of proceeds                                                16                      17
maturities of medium-term notes, excluding retail medium-term notes                              0                   2,148
expenditures for new home office construction                                                    0                     579
(1)   2016 includes dividends and/or returns of capital of $1,238 million from prudential annuities holding company, of which $1,140 million was from palac, $939 million from international insurance subsidiaries, $900 million from prudential insurance, $746 million from asset management subsidiaries, and $20 million from other subsidiaries. excludes dividends and/or returns of capital associated with the variable annuities recapture. 2015 includes dividends and/or returns of capital of $1,950 million from prudential insurance, $1,818 million from international insurance subsidiaries, $552 million from prudential annuities holding company, of which $450 million was from palac, $266 million from asset management subsidiaries, and $46 million from other subsidiaries.
(2)   2016 includes net receipts from subsidiaries of $378 million from plaz, $116 million from plnj, net proceeds of $644 million from the issuance of notes to international insurance subsidiaries, offset by net borrowing of $600 million by prudential universal reinsurance company, $490 million by asset management subsidiaries and $5 million by other subsidiaries. excludes receipts associated with the variable annuities recapture. 2015 includes net receipts from subsidiaries of $2,113 million from pruco re, $300 million from prudential arizona reinsurance term company, $187 million from asset management subsidiaries and $6 million from other subsidiaries, net proceeds of $820 million from the issuance of notes to international insurance subsidiaries, and net proceeds of $496 million from the issuance of notes to various affiliates to finance new home office construction, offset by net borrowing of $317 million by pruco life and $34 million by plnj, and net repayments of $200 million to pruco re, and $100 million to pgim real estate finance.
(4)   2016 includes capital contributions of $824 million to international insurance subsidiaries ($159 million which was related to our indirect investment in afp habitat), $36 million to pruco re, $74 million to asset management subsidiaries, and $5 million to other subsidiaries. excludes capital contributions associated with the variable annuities recapture. 2015 includes capital contributions of $1,960 million to pruco re, $268 million to asset management subsidiaries, $222 million to international insurance subsidiaries and $95 million to other subsidiaries.
restrictions on dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries our insurance companies are subject to limitations on the payment of dividends and other transfers of funds to prudential financial and other affiliates under applicable insurance law and regulation. also, more generally, the payment of dividends by any of our subsidiaries is subject to declaration by their board of directors and can be affected by market conditions and other factors. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for details on specific dividend restrictions.
domestic insurance subsidiaries. prudential insurance is permitted to pay ordinary dividends based on calculations specified under new jersey insurance law, subject to prior notification to the new jersey department of banking and insurance ("njdobi"). any distributions above this amount in any twelve month period are considered to be "extraordinary" dividends, and the approval of the njodbi is required prior to payment. the laws regulating dividends of the states where our other domestic insurance companies are domiciled are similar, but not identical, to new jersey's. during 2016, prudential insurance paid aggregate dividends of $3.0 billion ($1.0 billion as an ordinary dividend and $2.0 billion as an extraordinary dividend) to prudential financial. this amount consisted of a $2.1 billion dividend associated with the variable annuities recapture, which was subsequently contributed to palac to support the risks of that business, and a $900 million dividend relating to the operations of prudential insurance.
international insurance subsidiaries. capital redeployment from our international insurance subsidiaries is subject to local regulatory requirements in the international jurisdictions in which they operate. our most significant international insurance subsidiaries, prudential of japan and gibraltar life, are permitted to pay common stock dividends based on calculations specified by japanese insurance law, subject to prior notification to the fsa. dividends in excess of these amounts and other forms of capital distribution require the prior approval of the fsa. in addition to paying common stock dividends, international insurance operations may return capital to prudential financial through other means, such as the repayment of subordinated debt or preferred stock obligations held by prudential financial or other affiliates. the current regulatory fiscal year end for both prudential of japan and gibraltar life is march 31, 2017, after which time the common stock dividend amount permitted to be paid without prior approval from the fsa can be determined.
during 2016, prudential financial received a total of $476 million from prudential international insurance holdings, the domestic parent of the international insurance subsidiaries. of this $476 million, $446 million is attributable to prudential holdings of japan, inc. ("phj"), the parent of the company's japanese operations, and $30 million is attributable to prudential of korea. during 2016, phj received a total of ¥98.3 billion, or $842 million at year-end 2016 foreign currency exchange rates, from its subsidiaries, of which a portion was sent to prudential financial, as noted above, and $450 million was retained at phj but remains available to be paid as a dividend to prudential financial. phj's cash receipts from subsidiaries include dividends of ¥47.4 billion, or $406 million, from gibraltar life and other japan operations and ¥10.6 billion, or $91 million, from prudential of japan. phj also received ¥40.2 billion, or $345 million, from gibraltar life, primarily as repayment of subordinated debt.
other subsidiaries. the ability of our asset management subsidiaries and the majority of our other operating subsidiaries to pay dividends is largely unrestricted from a regulatory standpoint.
liquidity of insurance subsidiaries we manage the liquidity of our insurance operations to ensure stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash flows to meet all of our obligations. liquidity within each of our insurance subsidiaries is provided by a variety of sources, including portfolios of liquid assets. the investment portfolios of our subsidiaries are integral to the overall liquidity of our insurance operations. we segment our investment portfolios and employ an asset/liability management approach specific to the requirements of each of our product lines. this enhances the discipline applied in managing the liquidity, as well as the interest rate and credit risk profiles, of each portfolio in a manner consistent with the unique characteristics of the product liabilities.
liquidity is measured against internally-developed benchmarks that take into account the characteristics of both the asset portfolio and the liabilities that they support. we consider attributes of the various categories of liquid assets (for example, type of asset and credit quality) in calculating internal liquidity measures to evaluate our insurance operations' liquidity under various stress scenarios, including company-specific and market-wide events. we continue to believe that cash generated by ongoing operations and the liquidity profile of our assets provide sufficient liquidity under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios for each of our insurance subsidiaries.
cash flow the principal sources of liquidity for our insurance subsidiaries are premiums, investment and fee income, and investment maturities and sales associated with our insurance and annuity operations, as well as internal and external borrowings. the principal uses of that liquidity include benefits, claims and dividends paid to policyholders, and payments to policyholders and contractholders in connection with surrenders, withdrawals and net policy loan activity. other uses of liquidity include commissions, general and administrative expenses, purchases of investments, the payment of dividends to the parent holding company, hedging activity and payments in connection with financing activities.
in each of our major insurance subsidiaries, we believe that the cash flows from operations are adequate to satisfy current liquidity requirements. the continued adequacy of this liquidity will depend upon factors such as future securities market conditions, changes in interest rate levels, policyholder perceptions of our financial strength, policyholder behavior, catastrophic events and the relative safety and attractiveness of competing products, each of which could lead to reduced cash inflows or increased cash outflows. our insurance operations' cash flows from investment activities result from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of invested assets and investment income, net of amounts reinvested. the primary liquidity risks with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors or bond insurers, our counterparties' willingness to extend repurchase and/or securities lending arrangements, commitments to invest and market volatility. we closely manage these risks through our credit risk management process and regular monitoring of our liquidity position.
domestic insurance operations. in managing the liquidity of our domestic insurance operations, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions when selecting assets to support these contractual obligations. we use surrender charges and other contract provisions to mitigate the extent, timing and profitability impact of withdrawals of funds by customers. the following table sets forth the liabilities for future policy benefits and policyholders' account balances of certain of our domestic insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated.
total future policy benefits and policyholders' account balances(2)          $236.2              $227.1
(1)   includes the impact of intercompany eliminations.
(2)   amounts are reflected gross of affiliated reinsurance recoverables.
the liabilities presented above are primarily supported by invested assets in our general account. as noted above, when selecting assets to support these contractual obligations, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions. as a result, assets will include both liquid assets, as discussed below, and other assets that we believe adequately support our liabilities.
for prudential insurance and other subsidiaries, the liabilities presented above primarily include annuity reserves and deposit liabilities and individual life insurance policy reserves. individual life insurance policies may impose surrender charges and policyholders may be subject to a new underwriting process in order to obtain a new insurance policy. prudential insurance's reserves for group annuity contracts primarily relate to pension risk transfer contracts, which are generally not subject to early withdrawal. for our individual annuity contracts, to encourage persistency, most of our variable and fixed annuities have surrender or withdrawal charges for a specified number of years. in addition, certain fixed annuities impose a market value adjustment if the invested amount is not held to maturity. the living benefit features of our variable annuities also encourage persistency because the potential value of the living benefit is fully realized only if the contract persists.
for priac, the liabilities presented above primarily include reserves for stable value contracts. although many of these contracts are subject to discretionary withdrawal, withdrawals are typically at the market value of the underlying assets. risk is further reduced by the high persistency of clients driven in part by our competitive position in our target markets and contractual provisions such as deferred payouts.
gross account withdrawals for our domestic insurance operations' products in 2016 were generally consistent with our assumptions in asset/liability management, and the associated cash outflows did not have a material adverse impact on our overall liquidity.
international insurance operations. as with our domestic operations, in managing the liquidity of our international insurance operations, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions in selecting assets to support these contractual obligations. the following table sets forth the liabilities for future policy benefits and policyholders' account balances of certain of our international insurance subsidiaries as of the dates indicated.
prudential of japan(1)                                                        $42.0               $37.4
total future policy benefits and policyholders' account balances(4)          $149.9              $134.1
(1)   as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, $10.3 billion and $9.1 billion, respectively, of the insurance-related liabilities for prudential of japan are associated with u.s. dollar-denominated products that are coinsured to our domestic insurance operations and supported by u.s. dollar-denominated assets.
(2)   includes pgfl, a subsidiary of gibraltar life.
(4)   amounts are reflected gross of affiliated reinsurance recoverables.
the liabilities presented above are primarily supported by invested assets in our general account. when selecting assets to support these contractual obligations, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions. as a result, assets will include both liquid assets, as discussed below, and other assets that we believe adequately support our liabilities.
we believe most of the longer-term recurring pay individual life insurance policies sold by our japanese operations do not have significant withdrawal risk because policyholders may incur surrender charges and must undergo a new underwriting process to obtain a new insurance policy.
gibraltar life sells fixed annuities, denominated in u.s. and australian dollars that may be subject to increased surrenders should the yen depreciate in relation to these currencies and interest rates in australia and the u.s. decline relative to japan. a significant portion of the liabilities associated with these contracts include a market value adjustment feature, which mitigates the profitability impact from surrenders. as of december 31, 2016, products with a market value adjustment feature represented $23.3 billion of our japan operations' insurance-related liabilities, which included $19.1 billion attributable to non-yen denominated fixed annuities.
liquid assets liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, u.s. treasury fixed maturities, fixed maturities that are not designated as held-to-maturity and public equity securities. in addition to access to substantial investment portfolios, our insurance companies' liquidity is managed through access to a variety of instruments available for funding and/or managing cash flow mismatches, including from time to time those arising from claim levels in excess of projections. our ability to utilize assets and liquidity between our subsidiaries is limited by regulatory and other constraints. we believe that ongoing operations and the liquidity profile of our assets provide sufficient liquidity under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios for each of our insurance subsidiaries.
the following table sets forth the fair value of certain of our domestic insurance operations' portfolio of liquid assets, including cash and short-term investments, fixed maturity investments other than those designated as held-to-maturity, classified by naic or equivalent rating, and public equity securities, as of the dates indicated.
the following table sets forth the fair value of our international insurance operations' portfolio of liquid assets, including cash and short-term investments, fixed maturity investments other than those designated as held-to-maturity, classified by naic or equivalent rating, and public equity securities, as of the dates indicated.
prudentialof japan            gibraltarlife(1)           allother(2)               total           december 31, 2015
(1)   includes pgfl, a subsidiary of gibraltar life.
(4)   as of december 31, 2016, $98.0 billion, or 71%, were invested in government or government agency bonds.
given the size and liquidity profile of our investment portfolios, we believe that claim experience, including policyholder withdrawals and surrenders, varying from our projections does not constitute a significant liquidity risk. our asset/liability management process takes into account the expected maturity of investments and expected claim payments as well as the specific nature and risk profile of the liabilities. to the extent we need to pay claims in excess of projections, we may borrow temporarily or sell investments sooner than anticipated to pay these claims, which may result in increased borrowing costs or realized investment gains or losses, including from changes in interest rates or credit spreads. the payment of claims and sale of investments earlier than anticipated would have an impact on the reported level of cash flow from operating, investing, and financing activities, in our financial statements. historically, there has been no significant variation between the expected maturities of our investments and the payment of claims.
liquidity associated with other activities hedging activities associated with living benefit guarantees
for the portion of our individual annuities' risk management strategy executed through hedging, we enter into a range of exchange-traded, cleared and other otc equity and interest rate derivatives in order to hedge certain capital market risks related to more severe market conditions. for a full discussion of our individual annuities' risk management strategy, see "-results of operations by segment-u.s. retirement solutions and investment management division-individual annuities." this portion of our individual annuities' risk management strategy requires access to liquidity to meet payment obligations relating to these derivatives, such as payments for periodic settlements, purchases, maturities and terminations. these liquidity needs can vary materially due to, among other items, changes in interest rates, equity markets, mortality and policyholder behavior. through march 31, 2016, this hedging portion of our risk management strategy was executed in pruco re. effective april 1, 2016, following the variable annuities recapture, this hedging portion of our risk management strategy resides in certain of our domestic life insurance subsidiaries. future liquidity needs may be funded with available resources within these subsidiaries and from other resources of prudential financial and its affiliates.
the hedging portion of our individual annuities' risk management strategy may also result in collateral postings on derivatives to or from counterparties. the net collateral position depends on changes in interest rates and equity markets related to the amount of the exposures hedged. depending on market conditions, the collateral posting requirements can result in material liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2016, the living benefit hedging derivatives were in a net receive position of $3.1 billion compared to a net receive position of $4.8 billion as of december 31, 2015. the change in collateral position was primarily driven by an increase in interest rates, partially offset by the inclusion of collateral from certain of our domestic statutory life insurance entities as a result of the variable annuities recapture.
foreign exchange hedging activities we employ various hedging strategies to manage potential exposure to foreign currency exchange rate movements, particularly those associated with the yen. our overall yen hedging strategy calibrates the hedge level to preserve the relative contribution of our yen-based business to the company's overall return on equity on a leverage neutral basis. the hedging strategy includes two primary components:
•   income hedges-we hedge a portion of our prospective yen-based earnings streams by entering into external forward currency derivative contracts that effectively fix the currency exchange rates for that portion of earnings, thereby reducing volatility from foreign currency exchange rate movements. as of december 31, 2016, we have hedged 100%, 73% and 28% of expected yen-based earnings for 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
•   equity hedges-we hold both internal and external hedges primarily to hedge our u.s. dollar-equivalent equity. these hedges also mitigate volatility in the solvency margins of yen-based subsidiaries resulting from changes in the market value of their u.s. dollar-denominated investments hedging our u.s. dollar-equivalent equity attributable to changes in the yen-u.s. dollar exchange rate.
for additional information on our hedging strategy, see "-results of operations by segment-international insurance division."
cash settlements from these hedging activities result in cash flows between subsidiaries of prudential financial and either international-based subsidiaries or external parties. the cash flows are dependent on changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the notional amount of the exposures hedged. for example, a significant yen depreciation over an extended period of time could result in net cash inflows, while a significant yen appreciation could result in net cash outflows. the following tables set forth information about net cash settlements and the net asset or liability resulting from these hedging activities related to the yen and other currencies:
income hedges (external)(1)             $38                    $286
internal(2)                             (57     )             1,061
external                                652                     (84     )
as of december 31,
income hedges (external)(3)           $85                  $162
internal(2)                           802                   964
external                               32                   699
(1)   includes non-yen related cash settlements of $17 million and $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, both of which are primarily denominated in korean won.
(2)   represents internal transactions between international-based and u.s.-based entities. amounts noted are from the u.s.-based entities' perspectives.
(3)   includes non-yen related assets of $41 million and $29 million as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, both of which are primarily denominated in korean won.
(4)   as of december 31, 2016, approximately $(186) million, $364 million and $657 million of the net market value is scheduled to settle in 2017, 2018, and thereafter, respectively. the net market value of the assets (liabilities) will vary with changing market conditions to the extent there are no corresponding offsetting positions.
asset management operations the principal sources of liquidity for our fee-based asset management businesses include asset management fees and commercial mortgage origination and servicing fees. the principal uses of liquidity include general and administrative expenses and distributions of dividends and returns of capital to prudential financial. the primary liquidity risks for our fee-based asset management businesses relate to their profitability, which is impacted by market conditions and our investment management performance. we believe the cash flows from our fee-based asset management businesses are adequate to satisfy the current liquidity requirements of these operations, as well as requirements that could arise under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios, which are monitored through the use of internal measures.
the principal sources of liquidity for our strategic investments held in our asset management businesses are cash flows from investments, the ability to liquidate investments, and available borrowing lines from internal sources, including prudential financial and prudential funding, llc ("prudential funding"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of prudential insurance. the primary liquidity risks include the inability to sell assets in a timely manner, declines in the value of assets and credit defaults. there were no material changes to the liquidity position of our asset management operations during 2016.
alternative sources of liquidity in addition to the sources of liquidity discussed above, and asset-based financing as discussed below, prudential financial and certain subsidiaries have access to other sources of liquidity, including membership in the federal home loan banks, commercial paper programs, and a put option agreement. the company also maintains syndicated, unsecured committed credit facilities as an alternative source of liquidity. in september 2016, phj, a wholly-owned subsidiary of prudential financial, entered into a ¥100 billion three-year syndicated, unsecured committed credit facility. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on these sources of liquidity.
asset-based financing we conduct asset-based or secured financing within our insurance and other subsidiaries, including transactions such as securities lending, repurchase agreements and mortgage dollar rolls, to earn spread income, to borrow funds, or to facilitate trading activity. these programs are primarily driven by portfolio holdings of securities that are lendable based on counterparty demand for these securities in the marketplace. the collateral received in connection with these programs is primarily used to purchase securities in the short-term spread portfolios of our insurance entities. investments held in the short-term spread portfolios include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, mortgage loans and fixed maturities, including mortgage- and asset-backed securities, with a weighted average life at time of purchase by the short-term portfolios of four years or less. floating rate assets comprise the majority of our short-term spread portfolio. these short-term portfolios are subject to specific investment policy statements, which among other things, do not allow for significant asset/liability interest rate duration mismatch.
the following table sets forth our liabilities under asset-based or secured financing programs as of the dates indicated.
securities sold under agreements to repurchase                                                                                        $4,906                 $2,700                 $7,606                  $5,421                 $2,461                 $7,882
cash collateral for loaned securities                                                                                                  3,057                  1,276                  4,333                   2,095                  1,401                  3,496
portion of above securities that may be returned to the company overnight requiring immediate return of the cash collateral(2)        $3,583                 $1,631                 $5,214                  $5,574                 $2,117                 $7,691
(2)   amount for pfi excluding the closed block division as of december 31, 2015 includes $2,256 million of securities that had a term greater than one day due to the timing of the january 1, 2016 holiday.
as of december 31, 2016, our domestic insurance entities had assets eligible for the asset-based or secured financing programs of $110.0 billion, of which $11.9 billion were on loan. taking into account market conditions and outstanding loan balances as of december 31, 2016, we believe approximately $16.6 billion of the remaining eligible assets are readily lendable, including approximately $12.7 billion relating to pfi excluding the closed block division, of which $3.2 billion relates to certain separate accounts and may only be used for financing activities related to those accounts, and the remaining $3.9 billion relating to the closed block division.
financing activities as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, total short-term and long-term debt of the company on a consolidated basis was $19.2 billion and $20.8 billion, respectively. we may, from time to time, seek to redeem or repurchase our outstanding debt securities through open market purchases, individually negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity position and other factors. the following table sets forth total consolidated borrowings of the company as of the dates indicated.
prudentialfinancial             subsidiaries             consolidated            prudentialfinancial             subsidiaries             consolidated
current portion of long-term debt                     470                          0                      470                          751                          1                      752
current portion of long-term debt                       0                         73                       73                            0                          0                        0
(1)   prior period has been revised to conform to current period presentation due to the adoption of asu 2015-03 regarding the classification of debt issuance costs. for more information, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   amounts are net of assets under set-off arrangements of $5,859 million and $4,889 million, as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   limited and non-recourse borrowing represents mortgage debt of our subsidiaries that has recourse only to real estate investment property.
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we were in compliance with all debt covenants related to the borrowings in the table above. for further information on our short- and long-term debt obligations, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
based on the use of proceeds, we classify our borrowings as capital debt, investment-related debt, and debt related to specified businesses. capital debt, which is debt utilized to meet the capital requirements of our businesses, was $11.6 billion and $11.9 billion as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. investment-related debt of $5.4 billion and $7.0 billion as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, consists of debt issued to finance specific investment assets or portfolios of investment assets, the proceeds from which will service the debt. specifically, this includes institutional spread lending investment portfolios, assets supporting reserve requirements under regulation xxx and guideline axxx as described below, as well as funding for institutional and insurance company portfolio cash flow timing differences. our remaining borrowings are utilized for business funding to meet specific purposes, including funding new business acquisition costs associated with our individual annuities business, operating needs associated with hedging our individual annuities products as discussed above and activities associated with our asset management business.
prudential financial borrowings long-term borrowings are conducted primarily by prudential financial. it borrows these funds to meet its capital and other funding needs, as well as the capital and funding needs of its subsidiaries. prudential financial maintains a shelf registration statement with the sec that permits the issuance of public debt, equity and hybrid securities. as a "well-known seasoned issuer" under sec rules, prudential financial's shelf registration statement provides for automatic effectiveness upon filing and has no stated issuance capacity.
prudential financial's borrowings decreased $1,261 million from december 31, 2015, driven primarily by maturities of $750 million of senior debt and our repurchase of $500 million of senior debt through a tender offer. for more information on long-term debt, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
subsidiary borrowings subsidiary borrowings principally consist of surplus note issuances by our insurance and captive reinsurance subsidiaries, commercial paper borrowings by prudential funding, asset-based financing and real estate investment financing. borrowings of our subsidiaries decreased $375 million from december 31, 2015, primarily driven by prepayments of $600 million of senior debt, offset by a $141 million increase in commercial paper outstanding and the issuance of $113 million of mortgage debt.
term and universal life reserve financing regulation xxx and guideline axxx require domestic life insurers to establish statutory reserves for term and universal life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees that are consistent with the statutory reserves required for other individual life policies with similar guarantees. many market participants believe that these levels of reserves are excessive relative to the levels reasonably required to maintain solvency for moderately adverse experience. the difference between the statutory reserve and the amount necessary to maintain solvency for moderately adverse experience is considered to be the non-economic portion of the statutory reserve.
we use captive reinsurance subsidiaries to finance the portion of the statutory reserves that we consider to be non-economic. the financing arrangements involve the reinsurance of term and universal life business to our captive reinsurers and the issuance of surplus notes by those captives that are treated as capital for statutory purposes. these surplus notes are subordinated to policyholder obligations, and the payment of principal on the surplus notes may only be made with prior insurance regulatory approval.
to date, we have entered into agreements with external counterparties providing for the issuance of up to an aggregate of $9,150 million of surplus notes by our captive reinsurers in return for the receipt of credit-linked notes ("credit-linked note structures"), of which $7,759 million of surplus notes was outstanding as of december 31, 2016. under the agreements, the captive receives in exchange for the surplus notes one or more credit-linked notes issued by a special-purpose affiliate of the company with an aggregate principal amount equal to the surplus notes outstanding. the captive holds the credit-linked notes as assets supporting regulation xxx or guideline axxx non-economic reserves, as applicable. the captive can redeem the principal amount of the outstanding credit-linked notes for cash upon the occurrence of, and in an amount necessary to remedy, a specified liquidity stress event affecting the captive. under the agreements, the external counterparties have agreed to fund any such payments under the credit-linked notes in return for the receipt of fees. prudential financial has agreed to make capital contributions to the captive to reimburse it for investment losses in excess of specified amounts and, under certain of the transactions, prudential financial has agreed to reimburse the external counterparties for any payments made under the credit-linked notes. to date, no such payments under the credit-linked notes have been required. under these transactions, because valid rights of set-off exist, interest and principal payments on the surplus notes and on the credit-linked notes are settled on a net basis, and the surplus notes are reflected in the company's total consolidated borrowings on a net basis.
the following table summarizes our credit-linked note structures, which are reported on a net basis, as of december 31, 2016:
surplus notes              outstanding as ofdecember 31, 2016
credit-linked note structures:             originalissue dates          maturitydates                                    facilitysize
total credit-linked note structures                                                                      $7,759                                $9,150
(1)   prudential financial has agreed to reimburse any amounts paid under the credit-linked notes issued in this structure.
(2)   the $1.9 billion of surplus notes represents an intercompany transaction that eliminates upon consolidation. prudential financial has agreed to reimburse amounts paid under credit-linked notes issued in this structure up to $1.0 billion.
as of december 31, 2016, we also had outstanding an aggregate of $3.1 billion of debt issued for the purpose of financing regulation xxx and guideline axxx non-economic reserves, of which approximately $0.9 billion relates to regulation xxx reserves and approximately $2.2 billion relates to guideline axxx reserves, all of which was issued directly by or guaranteed by prudential financial. under certain of the financing arrangements pursuant to which this debt was issued, prudential financial has agreed to make capital contributions to the applicable captive reinsurance subsidiary to reimburse it for investment losses or to maintain its capital above prescribed minimum levels. in addition, as of december 31, 2016, for purposes of financing guideline axxx reserves, our captives had outstanding approximately $4.0 billion of surplus notes that were issued to affiliates.
the naic's actuarial guideline known as "ag 48" requires us to hold cash and rated securities in greater amounts than we previously held to support economic reserves for certain of our term and universal life policies reinsured to a captive. the additional asset requirement as of december 31, 2015, was approximately $400 million, and we expect the requirement as of december 31, 2016, to be an additional $600 million, for a total additional asset requirement of approximately $1 billion. we funded the first $400 million using a combination of existing assets and newly purchased assets sourced from affiliated financing, and have funded, or expect to fund, the remaining $600 million in the same manner. we believe we have sufficient internal resources to satisfy the additional asset requirement through 2017.
as discussed under "business-regulation," in june 2016, the naic adopted a recommendation that will activate a principles-based reserving approach for life insurance products. at the company's discretion, it may be applied to new individual life business beginning as early as january 1, 2017, and must be applied for all new individual life business issued january 1, 2020 and later. during 2017, the company expects to adopt principles-based reserving for its guaranteed universal life products and to introduce updated versions of these products. the updated products are expected to support the principles-based statutory reserve level without the need for captive reserve financing or additional assets under ag 48. the company is continuing to assess the impact of this new reserving approach on projected statutory reserve levels and product pricing for its remaining portfolio of individual life product offerings.
ratings financial strength ratings (which are sometimes referred to as "claims-paying" ratings) and credit ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in an insurer and its competitive position in marketing products. our credit ratings are also important for our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and for the cost of such financing. nationally recognized statistical ratings organizations continually review the financial performance and financial condition of the entities they rate, including prudential financial and its rated subsidiaries.
a downgrade in the credit or financial strength ratings of prudential financial or its rated subsidiaries could potentially, among other things, limit our ability to market products, reduce our competitiveness, increase the number or value of policy surrenders and withdrawals, increase our borrowing costs and potentially make it more difficult to borrow funds, adversely affect the availability of financial guarantees, such as letters of credit, cause additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, allow counterparties to terminate derivative agreements and/or hurt our relationships with creditors, distributors, or trading counterparties thereby potentially negatively affecting our profitability, liquidity, and/or capital. in addition, we consider our own risk of non-performance in determining the fair value of our liabilities. therefore, changes in our credit or financial strength ratings may affect the fair value of our liabilities.
financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy. credit ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its indebtedness. the following table summarizes the ratings for prudential financial and certain of its subsidiaries as of the date of this filing.
current outlook                                                    stable        stable       stable       negative financial strength ratings:
the prudential insurance company of america                        a+            aa-          a1           aa-
pruco life insurance company of new jersey                         a+            aa-          nr*          aa-
the prudential life insurance company ltd. (prudential of japan)   nr            a+           nr           nr gibraltar life insurance company, ltd.                             nr            a+           nr           nr the prudential gibraltar financial life insurance co. ltd          nr            a+           nr           nr prudential life insurance co. of taiwan, inc.(5)                   nr            twaa+        nr           nr credit ratings:
prudential financial, inc.:
junior subordinated long-term debt                                 bbb           bbb+         baa2         bbb the prudential insurance company of america:
capital and surplus notes                                          a             a            a3           a prudential funding, llc:
(1)   a.m. best company, which we refer to as a.m. best, financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from "a++ (superior)" to "s (suspended)." a rating of a+ is the second highest of sixteen rating categories. a.m. best long-term credit ratings range from "aaa (exceptional)" to "s (suspended)." a.m. best short-term credit ratings range from "amb-1+," which represents an strongest ability to repay short-term debt obligations, to "s(suspended)."
(2)   standard &amp; poor's rating services, which we refer to as s&amp;p, financial strength ratings for insurance companies range from "aaa (extremely strong)" to "d (default)." a rating of aa- is the fourth highest of twenty-three rating categories. s&amp;p's long-term issue credit ratings range from "aaa (extremely strong)" to "d (default)." s&amp;p short-term ratings range from "a-1 (highest category)" to "d (default)."
(3)   moody's investors service, inc., which we refer to as moody's, insurance financial strength ratings range from "aaa (exceptional)" to "c (lowest)." a rating of a1 is the fifth highest of twenty-one rating categories. numeric modifiers are used to refer to the ranking within the group-with 1 being the highest and 3 being the lowest. these modifiers are used to indicate relative strength within a category. moody's credit ratings range from "aaa (highest)" to "c (default)". moody's short-term ratings range from "prime-1 (p-1)," which represents a superior ability for repayment of senior short-term debt obligations, to "prime-3 (p-3)," which represents an acceptable ability for repayment of such obligations. issuers rated "not prime" do not fall within any of the prime rating categories.
(4)   fitch ratings inc., which we refer to as fitch, financial strength ratings range from "aaa (exceptionally strong)" to "c (distressed)." a rating of aa- is the fourth highest of nineteen rating categories. fitch long-term credit ratings range from "aaa (highest credit quality)," which denotes exceptionally strong capacity for timely payment of financial commitments, to "d (default)." investment grade ratings range between "aaa" and "bbb." short-term ratings range from "f1+ (highest credit quality)" to "d (default)."
(5)   this rating for prudential life insurance company of taiwan, inc. was affirmed on november 17, 2016 by taiwan ratings corporation, a partner of s&amp;p.
the ratings set forth above reflect current opinions of each rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. these ratings are not directed toward shareholders and do not in any way reflect evaluations of the safety and security of the common stock. these ratings are reviewed periodically and may be changed at any time by the rating agencies. as a result, we cannot assure stakeholders that we will maintain our current ratings in the future.
rating agencies use an "outlook" statement for both industry sectors and individual companies. for an industry sector, a stable outlook generally implies that over the next 12-18 months the rating agency expects ratings to remain unchanged among companies in the sector. this year, moody's and a.m. best changed the rating outlook on the u.s. life insurance industry to negative from stable. fitch and s&p continued to keep the life insurance industry on stable outlook; however, fitch revised its sector outlook for u.s. life insurers to negative. for a particular company, an outlook generally indicates a medium- or long-term trend (generally six months to two years) in credit fundamentals, which if continued, may lead to a rating change. these indicators are not necessarily a precursor of a rating change nor do they preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time without notice. currently, fitch has all the company's ratings on stable outlook, except for the financial strength ratings assigned to prudential insurance and certain other insurance subsidiaries which are on negative outlook. moody's, s&p, and a.m. best have all the company's ratings on stable outlook.
requirements to post collateral or make other payments as a result of ratings downgrades under certain agreements, including derivative agreements, can be satisfied in cash or by posting permissible securities held by the subsidiaries subject to the agreements. in addition, a ratings downgrade by a.m. best to "a-" for our domestic life insurance companies would require prudential insurance to either post collateral or a letter of credit in the amount of approximately $1.5 billion, based on the level of statutory reserves related to the variable annuity business acquired from allstate. we believe that the posting of such collateral would not be a material liquidity event for prudential insurance.
in view of the difficulties experienced in recent years by many financial institutions, the rating agencies have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions, have increased the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, have requested additional information from the companies that they rate, and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels, such as the financial strength ratings currently held by our life insurance subsidiaries. in addition, actions we might take to access third-party financing or to realign our capital structure may in turn cause rating agencies to reevaluate our ratings.
the following is a summary of the significant changes or actions in ratings and rating outlooks for our company, as well as for the life insurance industry and sector, that have occurred from january 1, 2016 through the date of this filing:
on september 7, 2016, fitch revised its sector outlook for u.s. life insurers to negative. fitch's sector outlook reflects its view of underlying fundamental trends in the industry and the current operating environment. the revision of the sector outlook to negative is due to macro challenges tied to declining interest rates and market volatility. at the same time, fitch kept its rating outlook, which indicates the direction in which ratings are likely to move over the next 18-24 months, on the u.s. life insurance sector as stable. the current stable rating reflects fitch's view that the impact of the negative fundamentals indicated in their sector outlook remain manageable in the context of industry earnings and capital over the outlook period, and fitch's expectations that key credit metrics will remain largely consistent with current ratings. these indicators are not necessarily a precursor of a rating change nor do they preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time without notice.
on november 15, 2016, fitch upgraded prudential financial's long-term senior debt rating to a- from bbb+ with a stable outlook and the financial strength ratings of our u.s. operating entities to "aa-" from "a+" with a negative outlook.
on november 15, 2016, moody's revised its rating outlook on the u.s. life insurance industry to negative. moody's outlook indicates their expectations for the fundamental credit conditions driving the u.s. life insurance industry over the next 12-18 months. the change in the outlook is a result of increased pressure on life insurers' sales, revenues and profitability due to persistent low interest rates and weak economic growth, together with regulatory pressures on product distribution. the change in outlook back to stable from negative can occur with a gradual, steady increase in long-term interest rates in 2017, underpinned by strong equity market levels and an improvement in economic growth.
on december 7, 2016, a.m. best revised its rating outlook on the u.s. life insurance industry to negative. the revision of the rating outlook to negative reflects a.m. best's view that the industry is entering into a period of increased volatility across both economic and regulatory fronts. a.m. best's outlook indicates that there is uncertainty around the slow premium growth for life and other products, disruption from merger and acquisition activity, and the industry's historic slow incremental approach in the face of a rapidly changing landscape.
contractual obligations the table below summarizes the future estimated cash payments related to certain contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016. the estimated payments reflected in this table are based on management's estimates and assumptions about these obligations. because these estimates and assumptions are necessarily subjective, the actual cash outflows in future periods will vary, possibly materially, from those reflected in the table. in addition, we do not believe that our cash flow requirements can be adequately assessed based solely upon an analysis of these obligations, as the table below does not contemplate all aspects of our cash inflows, such as the level of cash flow generated by certain of our investments, nor all aspects of our cash outflows.
operating and capital lease obligations(2)       718                     150                           235                   148                         185
(1)   the estimated payments due by period for long-term debt reflects the contractual maturities of principal, as disclosed in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements, as well as estimated future interest payments. the payment of principal and estimated future interest for short-term debt are reflected in estimated payments due in 2017. the estimate for future interest payments includes the effect of derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting treatment. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information concerning our short-term and long-term debt.
(2)   the estimated payments due by period for operating and capital leases reflect the future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating and capital leases, as disclosed in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   as discussed in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, we have commitments to purchase or fund investments, some of which are contingent upon events or circumstances not under our control, including those at the discretion of our counterparties. the timing of the fulfillment of certain of these commitments cannot be estimated, therefore the settlement of these obligations are reflected in estimated payments due in less than one year. commitments to purchase or fund investments include $374 million that we anticipate will ultimately be funded from our separate accounts.
(4)   as discussed in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, loan commitments of our commercial mortgage operations, which are legally binding commitments to extend credit to a counterparty, have been reflected in the contractual obligations table above principally based on the expiration date of the commitment; however, it is possible these loan commitments could be funded prior to their expiration date. in certain circumstances the counterparty may also extend the date of the expiration in exchange for a fee.
(5)   the estimated cash flows due by period for insurance liabilities reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits, policyholders' account balances, policyholder's dividends, reinsurance payables and separate account liabilities, net of premium receipts and reinsurance recoverables. these future estimated cash flows for current policies in force generally reflect our best estimate economic and actuarial assumptions. these cash flows are undiscounted with respect to interest. the sum of the cash flows shown for all years in the table of $1,125 billion exceeds the corresponding liability amounts of approximately $682 billion included in the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2016. separate account liabilities are legally insulated from general account obligations, and it is generally expected these liabilities will be fully funded by separate account assets and their related cash flows. we have made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash flows related to the underlying policies and contracts. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash flows will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(6)   the estimated payments due by period for other liabilities includes securities sold under agreements to repurchase, cash collateral for loaned securities, liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, bank customer liabilities, and other miscellaneous liabilities. amounts presented in the table also exclude $2,150 billion of notes issued by consolidated vie's which recourse for these obligations is limited to the assets of the respective vie and do not have recourse to the general credit of the company.
we also enter into agreements to purchase goods and services in the normal course of business; however, these purchase obligations are not material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position as of december 31, 2016.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees and other contingencies in the course of our business, we provide certain guarantees and indemnities to third parties pursuant to which we may be contingently required to make payments in the future. see "commitments and guarantees" within note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other contingent commitments we also have other commitments, some of which are contingent upon events or circumstances not under our control, including those at the discretion of our counterparties. see "commitments and guarantees" within note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these commitments. for further discussion of certain of these commitments that relate to our separate accounts, also see "-liquidity associated with other activities-asset management operations."
other off-balance sheet arrangements in november 2013, we entered into a put option agreement with a delaware trust that gives prudential financial the right, at any time over a ten-year period, to issue up to $1.5 billion of senior notes to the trust in return for principal and interest strips of u.s. treasury securities that are held by the trust. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on this put option agreement. in 2014, prudential financial entered into financing transactions, pursuant to which it issued $500 million of limited recourse notes and, in return, obtained $500 million of asset-backed notes from a delaware master trust and ultimately contributed the asset-backed notes to its subsidiary, priac. as of december 31, 2016, no principal payments have been received or are currently due on the asset-backed notes and, as a result, there was no payment obligation under the limited recourse notes. accordingly, none of the notes are reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements as of that date.
other than as described above, we do not have retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to unconsolidated entities, or variable interests in unconsolidated entities or other similar transactions, arrangements or relationships that serve as credit, liquidity or market risk support, that we believe are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or our access to or requirements for capital resources. in addition, other than the agreements referred to above, we do not have relationships with any unconsolidated entities that are contractually limited to narrow activities that facilitate our transfer of or access to associated assets.
risk management overview we employ a risk governance structure, overseen by senior management and our board of directors and managed by enterprise risk management ("erm"), to provide a common framework for evaluating the risks embedded in and across our businesses, developing risk appetites, managing these risks and identifying current and future risk challenges and opportunities.
risk governance framework each of our businesses has a risk governance structure that is supported by a framework at the corporate-level. generally, our businesses are authorized to make day-to-day risk decisions that are consistent with enterprise risk policies and limits, and subject to enterprise oversight. the governance structure described in this section is designed to support this framework.
board of directors' role in risk management our board of directors oversees our risk profile and management's processes for assessing and managing risk. certain specific categories of risk are assigned to board committees that report back to the full board, as summarized below:
•   audit committee: oversees risks related to operational risks, financial controls, legal, regulatory and compliance risks, and the overall risk management governance structure and risk management function.
•   finance committee: oversees risks involving our capital and liquidity management, the incurrence and repayment of borrowings, the capital structure, the funding of benefit plans and statutory insurance reserves. it also oversees the strength of the finance function. the finance committee reviews and recommends for approval to the board our capital plan. the finance committee also receives regular updates on the sources and uses of capital relative to plan, as well as on our capital protection framework.
•   investment committee: oversees investment and market risk and the strength of the investment function. the investment committee approves investment and market risk limits for prudential financial and for prudential insurance's general account based on asset class, issuer, credit quality and geography.
•   compensation committee: oversees our compensation programs so that incentives are aligned with appropriate risk taking.
•   corporate governance and business ethics committee: oversees our political contributions, lobbying expenses and overall political strategy, as well as our environmental, sustainability and corporate social responsibility.
•   risk committee: oversees the governance of significant risks throughout the company and the establishment and ongoing monitoring of our risk profile, risk capacity and risk appetite. the risk committee also serves to coordinate the risk oversight functions of the other committees of the board.
management committees our primary risk management committee is the enterprise risk committee ("erc"). the erc is chaired by our chief risk officer and otherwise comprised of the vice chairman, chief operating officers for the u.s. and international businesses, general counsel, chief financial officer, chief investment officer and chief actuary. our chief auditor also attends meetings of the erc. the erc's mandate is to review significant risks that impact us and approve, or recommend to the board for approval, our risk management policies and limits to keep our risk profile consistent with our strategy.
the erc is supported by five risk oversight committees, each of which is comprised of subject matter experts and dedicated to one of the following risk types: investment risk, market risk, insurance risk, operational risk and model risk. these risk oversight committees report their activities to the erc, and significant matters or matters where there are unresolved points of view are reviewed and brought to the erc. the risk oversight committees provide an opportunity to evaluate complex issues by subject matter experts within the various risk areas. they evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of risk mitigation options, identify stakeholders of risks and issues, review material risk assumptions for reasonability and consistency across the company and, working with the different risk areas, develop recommendations for risk limits, among other responsibilities.
each of our business units and significant corporate functions maintains its own risk committee. the business unit risk committees serve as a forum for leaders within each business unit to identify, assess and resolve risk and exposure issues and to review new products and initiatives, prior to such issues being reviewed by the risk oversight committees and/or the erc as appropriate. corporate function risk committees assess and monitor risks associated with performing the relevant corporate functions, set standards and exercise oversight over specific risks.
risk identification we use a variety of tools and processes to assess risk, such as quantitative tools for measurable financial risks and qualitative assessments for non-financial risks, such as certain operational risks. these tools form a part of the company's risk identification framework, which uses three levels of activities to identify and escalate risks: (1) business unit activities, (2) corporate function activities, and (3) processes involving senior management and the board of directors.
beginning with the development of material new products or services, we complete a risk assessment which may lead to changes in design features, terms, pricing, investment strategy or the use of other risk mitigation techniques to affect the risk/reward dynamics for the product or service. we also weigh risk decisions against the impact to our reputation and our ability to achieve our ratings objectives.
risk exposure and monitoring we classify our risks into four general categories: investment risk, market risk, insurance risk and operational risk (which includes legal, regulatory and technology risk). in addition we are exposed to model risk, as well as reputational risk, which underlies, and is a part of, each risk assessment.
for information on risk as it relates to our capital and liquidity, see "-liquidity and capital resources."
investment risk management we view investment risk as the risk of loss on fixed maturity investments due to default or deterioration in credit quality, or loss on equity or real estate investments due to deterioration in value. our exposure to investment risk is primarily comprised of:
•   the risk that we will not receive contractual payments on a timely basis on fixed maturity investments (for example, credit default risk);
•   the risk that our fixed maturity investments lose value due to a deterioration of credit quality (for example, the probability of default rises or the likelihood of recovery on a default deteriorates);
•   the risk that a counterparty on derivatives, securities lending, reinsurance or other transactions does not meet its contractual obligations to us; and
•   the risk that values of our non-coupon, equity and/or real estate equity investments decline.
with general account fixed maturities of $347 billion as of december 31, 2016, prudential financial is exposed to significant credit risk. to manage this risk, we have a set of risk limits in place, including enterprise-level risk limits set by the investment committee of the board of directors. these limits are delineated into formal investment policy statements which set limits on asset classes, permissible instruments, individual issuer, industry/sector and geographic exposures by individual legal entities, segments and business units. compliance with most of these limits is measured on a daily basis, with some limits measured monthly or quarterly. in addition, our credit research departments closely monitor our credit exposures and maintain watch lists of exposures where there is a risk of impairment. if we have concerns about credit for a public exposure, we may sell some or all of that exposure or hedge the exposure with credit derivatives. see "-general account investments" for further information on our general account portfolio, including the composition of our fixed maturity portfolio by industry category and credit quality.
our fixed income investments are subject to the risk of credit spread widening; however, changes in valuation due to credit spread widening or tightening are not realized unless we sell the assets prior to maturity. we consider this risk in the asset valuations used in our liquidity analysis.
we also monitor our equity, real estate equity and other non-coupon investment exposures on an ongoing basis, and our risk and portfolio management functions review these portfolios quarterly.
market risk management we view market risk as the risk of loss from changes in interest rates, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates resulting from asset/liability mismatches where the change in the value of our liabilities is not offset by the change in value of our assets.
our asset/liability mismatch exposure is primarily comprised of:
•   interest rate risk arising from asset/liability duration mismatches within our general account investments as well as invested assets of other entities and operations. for further information, see "-general account investments-management of investments" and "-general account investments-invested assets of other entities and operations" above.
•   equity risk primarily arising from unhedged equity exposure in our insurance liabilities, principally within our annuities segment. for further information, see "-individual annuities-variable annuity risks and risk mitigants" above.
•   foreign currency exchange rate risk arising from assets that are invested in a different currency than the related liability, as well as the unhedged portion of the company's earnings from, and capital supporting, operations in a foreign currency. for further information, see "-international insurance division-foreign currency exchange rate movements and related hedging strategies" above.
in addition, market factors impact certain fee based earnings streams, accounting for the amortization of costs into earnings and the capital levels of our regulated entities.
for additional information on our exposure to market risk, including how this risk is managed, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
insurance risk management we define insurance risk as the risk of loss due to deviations in experience compared to our assumptions. our exposure is primarily comprised of:
•   mortality risk, or the risk that death claims are greater than expected, primarily within our individual life, group insurance and international insurance segments, or the risk that policyholders survive longer than expected, primarily within our retirement, individual annuities and international insurance segments;
•   morbidity risk, or the risk that health claims from sickness or disability are greater than expected, primarily within our group insurance and international insurance segments as well as from long-term care policies within divested businesses; and
•   policyholder behavior risk, or the risk that our customers' persistency experience or utilization experience differs from our expectations.
underwriting insurance risk is a fundamental part of our business. we believe our scale provides for the benefits of diversification, both within an insurance risk type (potentially enhancing predictability of experience) and across insurance risk types (for example, mortality trend risk benefits from a potential natural hedge between life and annuity blocks). insurance risk mitigation begins with product design, as well as underwriting and pricing standards at the business unit level with corporate oversight. in some cases, the availability and/or credibility of policyholder behavior experience may be limited, which we strive to reflect in the product design and pricing of the product. processes are in place to ensure corporate oversight of the material insurance risk assumptions utilized in pricing and valuation.
operational risk management operational risk is defined as the risk of direct or indirect loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, employee actions, or as the result of external events. operational risks are broad in scope and evident in each business unit and corporate function. we are exposed to operational risk in many ways, including, but not limited to:
•   legal and regulatory compliance risk
•   sales practices risk
•   fraud (internal and external) risk
•   reputational risk
•   employee risk
•   technology risk, including data security, system failures and processing errors
•   financial reporting risk
•   extreme events risk, such as loss of people and/or infrastructure caused by natural disasters, terrorism, disease, etc.
•   information risk
•   vendor risk each of our businesses and corporate functions is expected to manage its operational risks in compliance with enterprise standards. our framework for identifying, evaluating, monitoring and managing operational risk includes: risk management committees; key risk indicators; risk and control assessments; loss event data collection and analysis; and resolution of control issues. we also have enterprise policies and standards, including: legal and regulatory/compliance policies, such as those relating to sales practices and supervision, fraud prevention, safeguarding of personal information, protection and use of material non-public information, personal conflicts of interest and outside business activities, anti-money laundering, and gifts and entertainment; human resources policies, such as those relating to hiring, training and terminating the employment of our associates and succession planning; and information technology policies, including those on systems development and information security. we also maintain policies and standards to support the effective management of operational risk, including those concerning new product development, business continuation and disaster recovery, enterprise crisis management,vendor governance and privacy. our internal audit department independently audits key operational controls on a periodic basis to assess the effectiveness of our framework.
in order to respond to the threat of security breaches and cyber attacks, we have developed a program overseen by the chief information security officer and the information security office that is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of the company. as part of this program, we also maintain an incident response plan. the program provides for the coordination of various corporate functions and governance groups, and serves as a framework for the execution of responsibilities across businesses and operational roles. the program establishes security standards for our technological resources, and includes training for employees, contractors and third parties. as part of the program, we conduct periodic exercises and a response readiness assessment with outside advisors to gain a third-party independent assessment of our technical program and our internal response preparedness. we regularly engage with the outside security community and monitor cyber threat information.
we are also exposed to emerging risks, such as those conditions, situations or trends that may significantly impact us in the future. by nature, these risks involve a high degree of uncertainty. erm, together with our businesses, monitors and evaluates emerging risks on a regular basis.
model risk management
models are utilized by our businesses and corporate functions primarily in projecting future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. as our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions. we are mitigating this risk by implementing our model risk policy, which outlines the governance and control requirements over the implementation and use of models, and through the activities of our model risk oversight committee which provides oversight and guidance on issues relating to model risk and the management of that risk.
for further information on the risks to which the company is exposed, see item. 1a "risk factors."