item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis - future earnings potential in item 7 of each registrant, and other documents filed by southern company and/or its subsidiaries with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating southern company and its subsidiaries. such factors could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, southern company and/or its subsidiaries.
utility regulatory, legislative, and litigation risks southern company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation. compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas, are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. southern company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from the governmental agencies that regulate various aspects of their businesses, including rates and charges, service regulations, retail service territories, sales of securities, sales and marketing of energy-related products and services, incurrence of indebtedness, asset acquisitions and sales, accounting and tax policies and practices, physical and cyber security policies and practices, and the construction and operation of electric generating facilities, as well as transmission, storage, transportation, and distribution facilities for the electric and natural gas businesses. for example, the respective state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency must approve the traditional electric operating companies' requested rates for retail electric customers and the natural gas distribution utilities' requested rates for gas distribution operations customers. the traditional electric operating companies and the natural gas distribution utilities seek to recover their costs (including a reasonable return on invested capital) through their retail rates, and a state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency, in a future rate proceeding, may alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed or modify the current authorized rate of return. rate refunds may also be required. additionally, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional electric operating companies and by southern power must be approved by the ferc. these wholesale rates could be affected by changes to southern power's and the traditional electric operating companies' ability to conduct business pursuant to ferc market-based rate authority. the ferc rules related to retaining the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates in the wholesale markets are important for the traditional electric operating companies and southern power if they are to remain competitive in the wholesale markets in which they operate.
the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to southern company or any of its subsidiaries is uncertain. changes in regulation or the imposition of additional regulations could influence the operating environment of southern company and its subsidiaries and may result in substantial costs or otherwise negatively affect their results of operations.
the southern company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. the costs of compliance with current and future environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address air quality, greenhouse gases (ghg), water quality, waste, and other matters and the incurrence of environmental liabilities could negatively impact the net income, cash flows, and financial condition of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and/or southern company gas.
the southern company system is subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental requirements which, among other things, regulate air emissions, ghg, water usage and discharge, release of hazardous substances, and the management and disposal of waste in order to adequately protect the environment. compliance with these environmental requirements requires the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas to commit significant expenditures, including installation and operation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, remediation costs, and/or permits at substantially all of their respective facilities. southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas expect that these expenditures will continue to be significant in the future.
the epa has adopted and is in the process of implementing regulations governing air and water quality, including the emission of nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide, fine particulate matter, ozone, mercury, and other air pollutants under the clean air act and regulations governing cooling water intake structures and effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants under the clean water act. the epa has also finalized regulations governing the disposal of ccr, including coal ash and gypsum, in landfills and surface impoundments at active power generation plants. the epa has also finalized regulations, which are currently stayed by the u.s. supreme court, limiting co2 emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units.
index to financial statements additionally, environmental laws and regulations covering the handling and disposal of waste and release of hazardous substances could require the southern company system to incur substantial costs to clean up affected sites, including certain current and former operating sites, and locations affected by historical operations or subject to contractual obligations.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws and regulations related to air quality, ghg, water quality, waste, endangered species, or other environmental and health concerns may be adopted or become applicable to the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and/or southern company gas.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements such as air quality and water standards, has occurred throughout the u.s. this litigation has included claims for damages alleged to have been caused by co2 and other emissions, ccr, releases of regulated substances, and alleged exposure to regulated substances, and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters.
the southern company system's ultimate environmental compliance strategy, including potential unit retirement and replacement decisions, and future environmental capital expenditures will be affected by the final requirements of new or revised environmental regulations; the time periods over which compliance with regulations is required; individual state implementation of regulations, as applicable; the outcome of any legal challenges to the environmental rules and any additional rulemaking activities in response to legal challenges and court decisions; the cost, availability, and existing inventory of emissions allowances; the impact of future changes in generation and emissions-related technology and costs; and the fuel mix of the electric utilities. compliance costs may arise from existing unit retirements, installation of additional environmental controls, upgrades to the transmission system, closure and groundwater monitoring of ccr facilities, and adding or changing fuel sources for existing units.
environmental compliance spending over the next several years may differ materially from the amounts estimated. such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition if such costs are not recovered on a timely basis through regulated rates for the traditional electric operating companies and the natural gas distribution utilities or through long-term wholesale agreements for the traditional electric operating companies and southern power. further, higher costs that are recovered through regulated rates could contribute to reduced demand for energy, which could negatively affect results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. additionally, if southern company, any traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas fails to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines and/or remediation costs.
the southern company system may be exposed to regulatory and financial risks related to the impact of climate change legislation and regulation.
since the late 1990s, the u.s. congress, the epa, federal courts, and various states have considered, and at times have adopted, climate change policies and proposals to reduce ghg emissions, mandate renewable energy, and/or impose energy efficiency standards.  clean air act regulation and/or future ghg or renewable energy legislation requiring limits or reductions in emissions could cause the southern company system to incur expenditures and make fundamental business changes to achieve limits and reduce ghg emissions. internationally, the united nations framework convention on climate change, which the united states has ratified, considers addressing climate change.  the 21st conference of the parties met in late 2015 and resulted in the adoption of the paris agreement, which established a non-binding universal framework for addressing ghg emissions based on nationally determined contributions.
in october 2015, the epa published two final actions that would limit co2 emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. one of the final actions contains specific emission standards governing co2 emissions from new, modified, and reconstructed units. the other final action, known as the clean power plan, establishes guidelines for states to develop plans to meet epa-mandated co2 emission rates for existing units. the epa's final guidelines require state plans to meet interim co2 performance rates between 2022 and 2029 and final rates in 2030 and thereafter. the proposed guidelines and standards could result in operational restrictions and material compliance costs, including capital expenditures, which could affect future unit retirement and replacement decisions. on february 9, 2016, the u.s. supreme court granted a stay of the clean power plan, pending disposition of petitions for its review with the courts. the stay will remain in effect through the resolution of the litigation, whether resolved in the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit or the u.s. supreme court.
costs associated with these actions could be significant to the utility industry and the southern company system. however, the ultimate financial and operational impact of the final rules on the southern company system cannot be determined at this time and will depend upon numerous factors, including the southern company system's ongoing review of the final rules; the outcome of legal challenges, including legal challenges filed by the traditional electric operating companies; individual state implementation of the epa's final guidelines, including the potential that state plans impose different standards; additional rulemaking activities in response to legal challenges and related court decisions; the impact of future changes in electric i-21
index to financial statements generation and emissions-related technology and costs; the impact of future decisions regarding unit retirement and replacement, including the type and amount of any such replacement generation capacity; and the time periods over which compliance will be required.
because natural gas is a fossil fuel with lower carbon content relative to other traditional fuels, future carbon constraints may create additional demand for natural gas, both for production of electricity and direct use in homes and businesses.  the impact is already being seen in the power production sector due to both environmental regulations and low natural gas costs.  future regulation of methane, a ghg and primary constituent of natural gas, could likewise result in increased costs to the southern company system and affect the demand for natural gas as well as the prices charged to customers and the competitive position of natural gas.
the net income of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power could be negatively impacted by changes in regulations related to transmission planning processes and competition in the wholesale electric markets.
the traditional electric operating companies currently own and operate transmission facilities as part of a vertically integrated utility. a small percentage of transmission revenues are collected through the wholesale electric tariff but the majority of transmission revenues are collected through retail rates. ferc rules pertaining to regional transmission planning and cost allocation present challenges to transmission planning and the wholesale market structure in the southeast. the key impacts of these rules include:
•   possible disruption of the integrated resource planning processes within the states in the southern company system's service territory;
•   delays and additional processes for developing transmission plans; and
•   possible impacts on state jurisdiction of approving, certifying, and pricing new transmission facilities.
the ferc rules related to transmission are intended to spur the development of new transmission infrastructure to promote and encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply as well as facilitate competition in the wholesale market by providing more choices to wholesale power customers. in addition to the impacts on transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations also impact power hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges as well as over-the-counter. finally, technology changes in the power and fuel industries continue to create significant impacts to wholesale transaction cost structures. the impact of these and other such developments and the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand is uncertain. the financial condition, net income, and cash flows of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power could be adversely affected by these and other changes.
the traditional electric operating companies and southern power could be subject to higher costs as a result of implementing and maintaining compliance with the north american electric reliability corporation mandatory reliability standards along with possible associated penalties for non-compliance.
owners and operators of bulk power systems, including the traditional electric operating companies, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc. compliance with or changes in the mandatory reliability standards may subject the traditional electric operating companies and southern power to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. if any traditional electric operating company or southern power is found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, such traditional electric operating company or southern power could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas may be materially impacted by potential tax reform legislation.
current proposals related to potential tax reform legislation are primarily focused on reducing the corporate income tax rate, allowing 100% of capital expenditures to be deducted, and eliminating the interest deduction.  the ultimate impact of any tax reform proposals, including potential changes to the availability or realizability of investment tax credits and ptcs, is dependent upon the final form of any legislation enacted and the related transition rules and cannot be determined at this time, but could have a material impact on the financial statements of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas.
index to financial statements operational risks the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions.
the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric utilities' generating, transmission, and distribution facilities and southern company gas' natural gas distribution and storage facilities and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. there are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including:
•   operator error or failure of equipment or processes;
•   operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;
•   transmission disruption or capacity constraints, including with respect to the southern company system's transmission, storage, and transportation facilities and third party transmission, storage, and transportation facilities;
•   implementation of new technologies;
•   information technology system failure;
•   an environmental event, such as a spill or release; and
•   catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, floods, droughts, hurricanes and other storms, pandemic health events such as influenzas, or other similar occurrences.
a decrease or elimination of revenues from the electric generation, transmission, or distribution facilities or natural gas distribution or storage facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and cash flows and could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas and of southern company.
operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, safety, health, regulatory, natural disasters, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of the nuclear units owned by alabama power or georgia power and which may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage.
alabama power owns, and contracts for the operation of, two nuclear units and georgia power holds undivided interests in, and contracts for the operation of, four existing nuclear units. the six existing units are operated by southern nuclear and represent approximately 3,680 mws, or 8%, of the southern company system's electric generation capacity as of december 31, 2016. in addition, these units generated approximately 23% and 24% of the total kwhs generated by alabama power and georgia power, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, southern nuclear, on behalf of georgia power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. due solely to the increase in nuclear generating capacity, the below risks are expected to increase incrementally once plant vogtle units 3 and 4 are operational. nuclear facilities are subject to environmental, safety, health, operational, and financial risks such as:
•   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and safety resulting from a release of radioactive materials in connection with the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive material, including spent nuclear fuel;
•   uncertainties with respect to the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel and the need for longer term on-site storage;
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of licensed lives and the ability to maintain and anticipate adequate capital reserves for decommissioning;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the nuclear operations of alabama power and georgia power or those of other commercial nuclear facility owners in the u.s.;
•   potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities;
•   significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair of these facilities, including repairs and upgrades required by the nrc;
•   the threat of a possible terrorist attack, including a potential cyber security attack; and
•   the potential impact of an accident or natural disaster.
it is possible that damages, decommissioning, or other costs could exceed the amount of decommissioning trusts or external insurance coverage, including statutorily required nuclear incident insurance.
index to financial statements the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. in the event of non-compliance with nrc licensing and safety-related requirements, the nrc has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. nrc orders or regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require alabama power and georgia power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could result in substantial costs to alabama power or georgia power and southern company. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to delay or prohibit construction of new nuclear units or require additional safety measures at new and existing units. moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the u.s., including facilities owned and operated by third parties, could require alabama power and georgia power to make material contributory payments.
in addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs that are difficult to predict.
transporting and storing natural gas involves risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
southern company gas' natural gas distribution and storage activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidents, explosions, and mechanical problems, which could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, and impairment of its operations. the location of pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas could increase the level of damage resulting from these risks. the occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could adversely affect southern company gas' and southern company's financial condition and results of operations.
physical or cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, could impact the ability of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity.
the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas face the risk of physical and cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, against their respective generation and storage facilities, the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport energy, and their information technology systems and network infrastructure, which could negatively impact the ability of the traditional electric operating companies or southern power to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities, or the ability of southern company gas to distribute or store natural gas, or otherwise operate its facilities, in the most efficient manner or at all. in addition, physical or cyber attacks against key suppliers or service providers could have a similar effect on southern company and its subsidiaries.
the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas collect and retain sensitive information, including personal identification information about customers, employees, and stockholders, and other confidential information. in some cases, administration of certain functions is outsourced to service providers that could be targets of cyber attacks. the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas face on-going threats to their assets. despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical or cyber attacks. if the traditional electric operating companies', southern power's, or southern company gas' assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised. any physical security breach, cyber breach or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the applicable traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties.
these events could harm the reputation of and negatively affect the financial results of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas through lost revenues, costs to recover and repair damage, and costs associated with governmental actions in response to such attacks.
the southern company system may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas and other fuel supplies required to operate the traditional electric operating companies' and southern power's electric generating plants or serve southern company gas' natural gas customers.
the traditional electric operating companies and southern power purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and biomass, as applicable, from a number of suppliers. disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting i-24
index to financial statements any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the ability of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power to operate certain facilities, which could result in higher fuel and operating costs and potentially reduce the net income of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and southern company.
southern company gas' primary business is the distribution and sale of natural gas through its regulated and unregulated subsidiaries. natural gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed, such as in the event of a hurricane or a pipeline failure. southern company gas also relies on natural gas pipelines and other storage and transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to deliver natural gas to wholesale markets and to southern company gas' distribution systems. the availability of shale gas and potential regulations affecting its accessibility may have a material impact on the supply and cost of natural gas. disruption in natural gas supplies could limit the ability to fulfill these contractual obligations.
the traditional electric operating companies and southern power have become more dependent on natural gas for a portion of their electric generating capacity. in many instances, the cost of purchased power for the traditional electric operating companies and southern power is influenced by natural gas prices. historically, natural gas prices have been more volatile than prices of other fuels. in recent years, domestic natural gas prices have been depressed by robust supplies, including production from shale gas. these market conditions, together with additional regulation of coal-fired generating units, have increased the traditional electric operating companies' reliance on natural gas-fired generating units.
the traditional electric operating companies are also dependent on coal for a portion of their electric generating capacity. the traditional electric operating companies depend on coal supply contracts, and the counterparties to these agreements may not fulfill their obligations to supply coal to the traditional electric operating companies. the suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to the traditional electric operating companies. in addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to the traditional electric operating companies under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. if the traditional electric operating companies are unable to obtain their coal requirements under these contracts, the traditional electric operating companies may be required to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which may not be recoverable through rates.
the revenues of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power depend in part on sales under ppas. the failure of a counterparty to one of these ppas to perform its obligations, the failure of the traditional electric operating companies or southern power to satisfy minimum requirements under the ppas, or the failure to renew the ppas or successfully remarket the related generating capacity could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and of southern company.
most of southern power's generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under ppas. southern power's top three customers, georgia power, duke energy corporation, and san diego gas & electric accounted for 16.5%, 7.8%, and 5.7%, respectively, of southern power's total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016. in addition, the traditional electric operating companies enter into ppas with non-affiliated parties. revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations under these ppas. the failure of one of the purchasers to perform its obligations could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power and of southern company. although the credit evaluations undertaken and contractual protections implemented by southern power and the traditional electric operating companies take into account the possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a default by a purchaser may be greater than predicted or specified in the applicable contract.
additionally, neither southern power nor any traditional electric operating company can predict whether the ppas will be renewed at the end of their respective terms or on what terms any renewals may be made. as an example, gulf power had long-term sales contracts to cover 100% of its ownership share of plant scherer unit 3 (205 mws) and these capacity revenues represented 82% of gulf power's total wholesale capacity revenues for 2015. following contract expirations at the end of 2015 and the end of may 2016, gulf power's remaining contracted sales from the unit cover approximately 24% of gulf power's ownership of the unit through 2019. the expiration of these contracts had a material negative impact on gulf power's earnings in 2016 and may continue to have a material negative impact in future years. in addition, the failure of the traditional electric operating companies or southern power to satisfy minimum operational or availability requirements under these ppas could result in payment of damages or termination of the ppas.
the asset management arrangements between southern company gas' wholesale gas services and southern company gas' regulated operating companies, and between southern company gas' wholesale gas services and its non-affiliated customers, may not be renewed or may be renewed at lower levels, which could have a significant impact on southern company gas' financial results.
southern company gas' wholesale gas services currently manages the storage and transportation assets of atlanta gas light company, virginia natural gas, inc., elizabethtown gas, florida city gas, chattanooga gas company, and elkton gas. the i-25
index to financial statements profits earned from the management of these affiliate assets are shared with the respective affiliate's customers (and for atlanta gas light company with the georgia psc's universal service fund), except for chattanooga gas company and elkton gas where wholesale gas services are provided under annual fixed-fee agreements. these asset management agreements are subject to regulatory approval and such agreements may not be renewed or may be renewed with less favorable terms.
southern company gas' wholesale gas services also has asset management agreements with certain non-affiliated customers and its financial results could be significantly impacted if these agreements are not renewed or are amended or renewed with less favorable terms. sustained low natural gas prices could reduce the demand for these types of asset management arrangements.
increased competition could negatively impact southern company's and its subsidiaries' revenues, results of operations, and financial condition.
the energy industry is highly competitive and complex and the southern company system faces increasing competition from other companies that supply energy or generation and storage technologies. changes in technology may make the southern company system's electric generating facilities owned by the traditional electric operating companies and southern power less competitive. southern company gas' business is dependent on natural gas prices remaining competitive as compared to other forms of energy. southern company gas also faces competition in its unregulated markets.
a key element of the business models of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale and produces power at a competitive cost. there are distributed generation and storage technologies that produce and store power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, solar cells, and batteries. advances in technology or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of these or other alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production or result in smaller-scale, more fuel efficient, and/or more cost effective distributed generation that allows for increased self-generation by customers. broader use of distributed generation by retail energy customers may also result from customers' changing perceptions of the merits of utilizing existing generation technology or tax or other economic incentives. additionally, a state psc or legislature may modify certain aspects of the traditional electric operating companies' business as a result of these advances in technology.
it is also possible that rapid advances in central station power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional electric operating companies and southern power. changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, or southern power.
southern company gas' gas marketing services is affected by competition from other energy marketers providing similar services in southern company gas' service territories, most notably in illinois and georgia. southern company gas' wholesale gas services competes for sales with national and regional full-service energy providers, energy merchants and producers, and pipelines based on the ability to aggregate competitively-priced commodities with transportation and storage capacity. southern company gas competes with natural gas facilities in the gulf coast region of the u.s., as the majority of the existing and proposed high deliverability salt-dome natural gas storage facilities in north america are located in the gulf coast region. storage values have begun to recover from the declines experienced over the past several years due to low natural gas prices and low volatility and southern company gas expects this trend to continue during the remainder of 2017.
if new technologies become cost competitive and achieve sufficient scale, the market share of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas could be eroded, and the value of their respective electric generating facilities or natural gas distribution and storage facilities could be reduced. additionally, southern company gas' market share could be reduced if southern company gas cannot remain price competitive in its unregulated markets. if state pscs or other applicable state regulatory agencies fail to adjust rates to reflect the impact of any changes in loads, increasing self-generation, and the growth of distributed generation, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of southern company and the affected traditional electric operating company or southern company gas could be materially adversely affected.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact southern company's and its subsidiaries' results of operations.
events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development, including with the workforce needs associated with major construction projects and ongoing operations. the southern company system's costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect southern company and its subsidiaries' ability to manage and operate their businesses. if southern company i-26
index to financial statements and its subsidiaries are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, results of operations could be negatively impacted.
construction risks southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and/or southern company gas may incur additional costs or delays in the construction of new plants or other facilities and may not be able to recover their investments. also, existing facilities of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas require ongoing capital expenditures, including those to meet environmental standards.
general the businesses of the registrants require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new facilities and, for the traditional electric operating companies, capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities, and, for southern company gas, capital improvements to natural gas distribution and storage facilities, including those to meet environmental standards. certain of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental controls equipment at existing generating facilities. southern company gas is replacing certain pipelines in its natural gas distribution system and is involved in three new gas pipeline construction projects. the southern company system intends to continue its strategy of developing and constructing other new facilities, expanding or updating existing facilities, and adding environmental control equipment. these types of projects are long term in nature and in some cases include the development and construction of facilities with designs that have not been finalized or previously constructed. the completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including:
•   shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor;
•   changes in labor costs and productivity;
•   contractor or supplier delay or non-performance under construction, operating, or other agreements or non-performance by other major participants in construction projects;
•   delays associated with start-up activities, including major equipment failure and system integration, and/or operational performance (including additional costs to satisfy any operational parameters ultimately adopted by any psc or other applicable state regulatory agency);
•   operational readiness, including specialized operator training and required site safety programs;
•   impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations;
•   the outcome of legal challenges to projects, including legal challenges to regulatory approvals;
•   failure to satisfy any environmental performance standards and the requirements of tax credits and other incentives;
•   continued public and policymaker support for such projects;
•   adverse weather conditions or natural disasters;
•   other unforeseen engineering or design problems;
•   changes in project design or scope;
•   environmental and geological conditions;
•   unanticipated cost increases, including materials and labor, and increased financing costs as a result of changes in market interest rates or as a result of construction schedule delays.
if a traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas is unable to complete the development or construction of a project or decides to delay or cancel construction of a project, it may not be able to recover its investment in that project and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts. additionally, each southern company gas pipeline construction project involves separate joint venture participants. even if a construction project (including a joint venture construction project) is completed, the total costs may be higher than estimated and the applicable traditional electric operating company or the natural gas distribution utility may not be able to recover such expenditures through regulated rates. in addition, construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls can result in the loss of revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the net income and financial position of a traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas and of southern company.
construction delays could result in the loss of otherwise available investment tax credits, ptcs, and other tax incentives. furthermore, if construction projects are not completed according to specification, a traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas and southern company may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs, and reduced net income.
index to financial statements once facilities become operational, ongoing capital expenditures are required to maintain reliable levels of operation. significant portions of the traditional electric operating companies' existing facilities were constructed many years ago. older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide safe and reliable operations.
the two largest construction projects currently underway in the southern company system are the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 and the kemper igcc. in addition, southern power has 567 mws of natural gas and renewable generation under construction at three project sites.
plant vogtle units 3 and 4 construction and rate recovery southern nuclear, on behalf of georgia power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of and will operate plant vogtle units 3 and 4 (each, an approximately 1,100 mw ap1000 nuclear generating unit). georgia power owns 45.7% of the new units. there have been technical and procedural challenges to the construction and licensing of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, at the federal and state level, and additional challenges may arise as construction proceeds.
under the terms of the engineering, procurement, and construction contract between the vogtle owners and the contractor (vogtle 3 and 4 agreement), the vogtle owners agreed to pay a purchase price subject to certain price escalations and adjustments, including fixed escalation amounts and index-based adjustments, as well as adjustments for change orders, and performance bonuses for early completion and unit performance. the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement also provides for liquidated damages upon the contractor's failure to fulfill the schedule and performance guarantees, subject to an aggregate cap of 10% of the contract price, or approximately $920 million to $930 million. in addition, the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement provides for limited cost sharing by the vogtle owners for contractor costs under certain conditions (which georgia power has not been notified have occurred), with maximum additional capital costs under this provision attributable to georgia power (based on georgia power's ownership interest) of approximately $114 million. each vogtle owner is severally (and not jointly) liable for its proportionate share, based on its ownership interest, of all amounts owed to the contractor under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement. georgia power's proportionate share is 45.7%. in the event of certain credit rating downgrades of any vogtle owner, such vogtle owner will be required to provide a letter of credit or other credit enhancement.
certain obligations of westinghouse have been guaranteed by toshiba corporation (toshiba), westinghouse's parent company. in the event of certain credit rating downgrades of toshiba, westinghouse is required to provide letters of credit or other credit enhancement. in december 2015, toshiba experienced credit rating downgrades and westinghouse provided the vogtle owners with $920 million of letters of credit. these letters of credit remain in place in accordance with the terms of the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement.
on february 14, 2017, toshiba announced preliminary earnings results for the period ended december 31, 2016, which included a substantial goodwill impairment charge at westinghouse attributed to increased cost estimates to complete its u.s. nuclear projects, including plant vogtle units 3 and 4. toshiba also warned that it will likely be in a negative equity position as a result of the charges. at the same time, toshiba reaffirmed its commitment to its u.s. nuclear projects with implementation of management changes and increased oversight. an inability or failure by the contractor to perform its obligations under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement could have a material impact on the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4.
under the terms of the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement, the contractor does not have a right to terminate the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement for convenience. the contractor may terminate the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement under certain circumstances, including certain vogtle owner suspension or delays of work, action by a governmental authority to permanently stop work, certain breaches of the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement by the vogtle owners, vogtle owner insolvency, and certain other events. in the event of an abandonment of work by the contractor, the maximum liability of the contractor under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement is increased significantly, but remains subject to limitations. the vogtle owners may terminate the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement at any time for convenience, provided that the vogtle owners will be required to pay certain termination costs.
in 2009, the georgia psc voted to certify construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 with a certified capital cost of $4.418 billion. on december 20, 2016, the georgia psc voted to approve a settlement agreement (vogtle cost settlement agreement) resolving certain prudence matters, including that (i) the in-service capital cost forecast will be adjusted to $5.680 billion (revised forecast), which includes a contingency of $240 million above georgia power's current forecast of $5.440 billion, (ii) capital costs incurred up to the revised forecast will be presumed to be reasonable and prudent with the burden of proof on any party challenging such costs, and (iii) georgia power would have the burden to show that any capital costs above the revised forecast are reasonable and prudent.
under the terms of the vogtle cost settlement agreement, the certified in-service capital cost for purposes of calculating georgia power's nuclear construction cost recovery (nccr) tariff will remain at $4.418 billion. construction capital costs above $4.418 billion will accrue allowance for funds used during construction (afudc) through the date each unit is placed in service. the roe used to calculate the nccr tariff was reduced from 10.95% (the roe rate setting point authorized by the i-28
index to financial statements georgia psc in the alternative rate plan approved by the georgia psc for the years 2014 through 2016) to 10.00% effective january 1, 2016. for purposes of the afudc calculation, the roe on costs between $4.418 billion and $5.440 billion will also be 10.00% and the roe on any amounts above $5.440 billion would be georgia power's average cost of long-term debt. if the georgia psc adjusts georgia power's roe rate setting point in a rate case prior to plant vogtle units 3 and 4 being placed into retail rate base, then the roe for purposes of calculating both the nccr tariff and afudc will likewise be 95 basis points lower than the revised roe rate setting point. if plant vogtle units 3 and 4 are not placed in service by december 31, 2020, then (i) the roe for purposes of calculating the nccr tariff will be reduced an additional 300 basis points, or $8 million per month, and may, at the georgia psc's discretion, be accrued to be used for the benefit of customers, until such time as the units are placed in service and (ii) the roe used to calculate afudc will be georgia power's average cost of long-term debt.
under the terms of the vogtle cost settlement agreement, plant vogtle units 3 and 4 will be placed into retail rate base on december 31, 2020 or when placed in service, whichever is later. the georgia psc will determine for retail ratemaking purposes the process of transitioning plant vogtle units 3 and 4 from a construction project to an operating plant no later than georgia power's base rate case required to be filed by july 1, 2019.
as of december 31, 2016, georgia power had borrowed $2.6 billion related to plant vogtle units 3 and 4 costs through a loan guarantee agreement between georgia power and the doe and a multi-advance credit facility among georgia power, the doe, and the ffb. see note 6 to the financial statements of southern company and georgia power under "doe loan guarantee borrowings" in item 8 herein for additional information, including applicable covenants, events of default, and mandatory prepayment events.
processes are in place that are designed to assure compliance with the requirements specified in the westinghouse design control document for the ap1000 nuclear reactor and the combined construction and operating licenses, including inspections by southern nuclear and the nrc that occur throughout construction. as a result of such compliance processes, certain license amendment requests have been filed and approved or are pending before the nrc. various design and other licensing-based compliance matters, including the timely resolution of inspections, tests, analyses, and acceptance criteria and the related approvals by the nrc, may arise as construction proceeds, which may result in additional license amendments or require other resolution. if any license amendment requests or other licensing-based compliance issues are not resolved in a timely manner, there may be delays in the project schedule that could result in increased costs either to the vogtle owners or the contractor or to both.
in addition to toshiba's reaffirmation of its commitment, the contractor provided georgia power with revised forecasted in-service dates of december 2019 and september 2020 for plant vogtle units 3 and 4, respectively.  georgia power is currently reviewing a preliminary summary schedule supporting these dates that ultimately must be reconciled to a detailed integrated project schedule. as construction continues, the risk remains that challenges with contractor performance including labor productivity, fabrication, delivery, assembly, and installation of plant systems, structures, and components, or other issues could arise and may further impact project schedule and cost. georgia power expects the contractor to employ mitigation efforts and believes the contractor is responsible for any related costs under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement. georgia power estimates its financing costs for plant vogtle units 3 and 4 to be approximately $30 million per month, with total construction period financing costs of approximately $2.5 billion. additionally, georgia power estimates its owner's costs to be approximately $6 million per month, net of delay liquidated damages.
the revised forecasted in-service dates are within the timeframe contemplated in the vogtle cost settlement agreement and would enable both units to qualify for ptcs the internal revenue service has allocated to each of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, which require the applicable unit to be placed in service before 2021. the net present value of the ptcs is estimated at approximately $400 million per unit.
future claims by the contractor or georgia power (on behalf of the vogtle owners) could arise throughout construction. these claims may be resolved through formal and informal dispute resolution procedures under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement and, under enhanced dispute resolution procedures, may be resolved through litigation after the completion of nuclear fuel load for both units.
see note 3 to the financial statements of southern company under "regulatory matters - georgia power - nuclear construction" and of georgia power under "retail regulatory matters - nuclear construction" for additional information regarding plant vogtle units 3 and 4.
kemper igcc construction and rate recovery mississippi power continues to progress toward completing the construction and start-up of the kemper igcc, which was approved by the mississippi psc in the 2010 certificate of public convenience and necessity (cpcn) proceedings, subject to a construction cost cap of $2.88 billion, net of $245 million of grants awarded to the project by the doe under the clean coal power initiative round 2 (initial doe grants) and excluding the cost of the lignite mine and equipment, the cost of the co2 pipeline facilities, afudc, and certain general exceptions, including change of law, force majeure, and beneficial capital i-29
index to financial statements
(which exists when mississippi power demonstrates that the purpose and effect of the construction cost increase is to produce efficiencies that will result in a neutral or favorable effect on customers relative to the original proposal for the cpcn) (cost cap exceptions). the current cost estimate for the kemper igcc in total is approximately $6.99 billion, which includes approximately $5.64 billion of costs subject to the construction cost cap and is net of the $137 million in additional grants from the doe received on april 8, 2016 (additional doe grants), which are expected to be used to reduce future rate impacts to customers. mississippi power does not intend to seek any rate recovery for any related costs that exceed the $2.88 billion cost cap, net of the initial doe grants and excluding the cost cap exceptions. through december 31, 2016, in the aggregate, southern company and mississippi power have incurred charges of $2.76 billion ($1.71 billion after tax) as a result of changes in the cost estimate above the cost cap for the kemper igcc. the current cost estimate includes costs through march 15, 2017.
in addition to the current construction cost estimate, mississippi power is identifying potential improvement projects that ultimately may be completed subsequent to placing the remainder of the kemper igcc in service. if completed, such improvement projects would be expected to enhance plant performance, safety, and/or operations. as of december 31, 2016, approximately $12 million of related potential costs has been included in the estimated loss on the kemper igcc. other projects have yet to be fully evaluated, have not been included in the current cost estimate, and may be subject to the $2.88 billion cost cap. any further changes in the estimated costs of the kemper igcc subject to the $2.88 billion cost cap, net of the initial doe grants and excluding the cost cap exceptions, will be reflected in southern company's and mississippi power's statements of income and these changes could be material.
the expected completion date of the kemper igcc at the time of the mississippi psc's approval in 2010 was may 2014. the combined cycle and the associated common facilities portion of the kemper igcc were placed in service in august 2014. the remainder of the plant, including the gasifiers and the gas clean-up facilities, represents first-of-a-kind technology. the initial production of syngas began on july 14, 2016 for gasifier "b" and on september 13, 2016 for gasifier "a." mississippi power achieved integrated operation of both gasifiers on january 29, 2017, including the production of electricity from syngas in both combustion turbines. mississippi power subsequently completed a brief outage to repair and make modifications to further improve the plant's ability to achieve sustained operations sufficient to support placing the plant in service for customers. efforts to reach sustained operation of both gasifiers and production of electricity from syngas in both combustion turbines are in process. the plant has produced and captured co2, and has produced sulfuric acid and ammonia, all of acceptable quality under the related off-take agreements. on february 20, 2017, mississippi power determined gasifier "b," which has been producing syngas over 60% of the time since early november 2016, requires an outage to remove ash deposits from its ash removal system. gasifier "a" and combustion turbine "a" are expected to remain in operation, producing electricity from syngas, as well as producing chemical by-products. as a result, mississippi power currently expects the remainder of the kemper igcc, including both gasifiers, will be placed in service by mid-march 2017.
any extension of the in-service date beyond mid-march 2017 is currently estimated to result in additional base costs of approximately $25 million to $35 million per month, which includes maintaining necessary levels of start-up labor, materials, and fuel, as well as operational resources required to execute start-up and commissioning activities. additional costs may be required for remediation of any further equipment and/or design issues identified. any extension of the in-service date with respect to the kemper igcc beyond mid-march 2017 would also increase costs for the cost cap exceptions, which are not subject to the $2.88 billion cost cap established by the mississippi psc. these costs include afudc, which is currently estimated to total approximately $16 million per month, as well as carrying costs and operating expenses on kemper igcc assets placed in service and consulting and legal fees of approximately $3 million per month. further cost increases and/or extensions of the expected in-service date may result from factors including, but not limited to, difficulties integrating the systems required for sustained operations, sustaining nitrogen supply, major equipment failure, unforeseen engineering or design problems including any repairs and/or modifications to systems, and/or operational performance (including additional costs to satisfy any operational parameters ultimately adopted by the mississippi psc).
upon placing the remainder of the plant in service, mississippi power will be primarily focused on completing the regulatory cost recovery process. in december 2015, the mississippi psc issued an order, based on a stipulation between mississippi power and the mississippi public utilities staff (mpus), authorizing rates that provide for the recovery of approximately $126 million annually related to kemper igcc assets previously placed in service.
on august 17, 2016, the mississippi psc established a discovery docket to manage all filings related to kemper igcc prudence issues. on october 3, 2016 and november 17, 2016, mississippi power made filings in this docket including a review and explanation of differences between the kemper igcc project estimate set forth in the 2010 cpcn proceedings and the most recent kemper igcc project estimate, as well as comparisons of current cost estimates and current expected plant operational parameters to the estimates presented in the 2010 cpcn proceedings for the first five years after the kemper igcc is placed in service. compared to amounts presented in the 2010 cpcn proceedings, operations and maintenance expenses have increased an average of $105 million annually and maintenance capital has increased an average of $44 million annually for the first full five years of operations for the kemper igcc. additionally, while the current estimated operational availability i-30
index to financial statements estimates reflect ultimate results similar to those presented in the 2010 cpcn proceedings, the ramp up period for the current estimates reflects a lower starting point and a slower escalation rate.
in the fourth quarter 2016, as a part of the integrated resource plan process, the southern company system completed its regular annual updated fuel forecast, the 2017 annual fuel forecast. this updated fuel forecast reflected significantly lower long-term estimated costs for natural gas than were previously projected. as a result of the updated long-term natural gas forecast, as well as the revised operating expense projections reflected in the discovery docket filings, on february 21, 2017, mississippi power filed an updated project economic viability analysis of the kemper igcc as required under the mississippi psc's april 2012 order confirming authorization of the kemper igcc. the project economic viability analysis measures the life cycle economics of the kemper igcc compared to feasible alternatives, natural gas combined cycle generating units, under a variety of scenarios and considering fuel, operating and capital costs, and operating characteristics, as well as federal and state taxes and incentives. the reduction in the projected long-term natural gas prices in the 2017 annual fuel forecast and, to a lesser extent, the increase in the estimated kemper igcc operating costs, negatively impact the updated project economic viability analysis.
after the remainder of the plant is placed in service, afudc equity of approximately $11 million per month will no longer be recorded in income, and mississippi power expects to incur approximately $25 million per month in depreciation, taxes, operations and maintenance expenses, interest expense, and regulatory costs in excess of current rates. mississippi power expects to file a request for authority from the mississippi psc and the ferc to defer all kemper igcc costs incurred after the in-service date that cannot be capitalized, are not included in current rates, and are not required to be charged against earnings as a result of the $2.88 billion cost cap until such time as the mississippi psc completes its review and includes the resulting allowable costs in rates. in the event that the mississippi psc does not grant mississippi power's request for an accounting order, these monthly expenses will be charged to income as incurred and will not be recoverable through rates. the ultimate outcome of this matter cannot now be determined but could have a material impact on southern company's and mississippi power's result of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
mississippi power is required to file a rate case to address kemper igcc cost recovery by june 3, 2017 (2017 rate case). costs incurred through december 31, 2016 totaled $6.73 billion, net of the initial and additional doe grants. of this total, $2.76 billion of costs has been recognized through income as a result of the $2.88 billion cost cap, $0.84 billion is included in retail and wholesale rates for the assets in service, and the remainder will be the subject of the 2017 rate case to be filed with the mississippi psc and expected subsequent wholesale municipal and rural associations rate filing with the ferc. mississippi power continues to believe that all costs related to the kemper igcc have been prudently incurred in accordance with the requirements of the 2012 mpsc order confirming the cpcn originally approved by the mississippi psc in 2010 authorizing the acquisition, construction, and operation of the kemper igcc. mississippi power also recognizes significant areas of potential challenge during future regulatory proceedings (and any subsequent, related legal challenges) exist. as described further herein, these challenges include, but are not limited to, prudence issues associated with capital costs, financing costs (afudc), and future operating costs, net of chemical revenues; potential operating parameters; income tax issues; costs deferred as regulatory assets; and the 15% portion of the project previously contracted to smepa.
although the 2017 rate case has not yet been filed and is subject to future developments with either the kemper igcc or the mississippi psc, consistent with its approach in the 2013 and 2015 rate proceedings in accordance with the law passed in 2013 authorizing multi-year rate plans, mississippi power is developing both a traditional rate case requesting full cost recovery of the $3.31 billion (net of $137 million in additional doe grants) not currently in rates and a rate mitigation plan that together represent mississippi power's probable filing strategy. mississippi power also expects that timely resolution of the 2017 rate case will likely require a negotiated settlement agreement. in the event an agreement acceptable to both mississippi power and the mpus (and other parties) can be negotiated and ultimately approved by the mississippi psc, it is reasonably possible that full regulatory recovery of all kemper igcc costs will not occur. the impact of such an agreement on southern company's and mississippi power's financial statements would depend on the method, amount, and type of cost recovery ultimately excluded. certain costs, including operating costs, would be recorded to income in the period incurred, while other costs, including investment-related costs, would be charged to income when it is probable they will not be recovered and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. in the event an agreement acceptable to the parties cannot be reached, mississippi power intends to fully litigate its request for full recovery through the mississippi psc regulatory process and any subsequent legal challenges.
mississippi power has evaluated various scenarios in connection with its processes to prepare the 2017 rate case and southern company and mississippi power have recognized an additional $80 million charge to income, which is the estimated minimum probable amount of the $3.31 billion of kemper igcc costs not currently in rates that would not be recovered under the probable rate mitigation plan to be filed by june 3, 2017. given the variety of potential scenarios and the uncertainty of the outcome of future regulatory proceedings with the mississippi psc (and any subsequent related legal challenges), the ultimate i-31
index to financial statements outcome of these matters cannot now be determined but could result in further charges that could have a material impact on southern company's and mississippi power's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
southern company and mississippi power are defendants in various lawsuits that allege improper disclosure about the kemper igcc. while southern company and mississippi power believe that these lawsuits are without merit, an adverse outcome could have a material impact on southern company's and mississippi power's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. in addition, the sec is conducting a formal investigation of southern company and mississippi power concerning the estimated costs and expected in-service date of the kemper igcc. southern company and mississippi power believe the investigation is focused primarily on periods subsequent to 2010 and on accounting matters, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal controls over financial reporting associated with the kemper igcc.
the ultimate outcome of these matters, including the resolution of legal challenges, determinations of prudency, and the specific manner of recovery of prudently-incurred costs, is subject to further regulatory actions and cannot be determined at this time.
see note 3 to the financial statements of southern company and mississippi power under "integrated coal gasification combined cycle" for additional information regarding the kemper igcc.
southern company gas' significant investments in pipelines and pipeline development projects involve financial and execution risks.
southern company gas has made significant investments in existing pipelines and pipeline development projects. many of the existing pipelines are, and when completed many of the pipeline development projects will be, operated by third parties. if one of these agents fails to perform in a proper manner, the value of the investment could decline and southern company gas could lose part or all of the investment. in addition, from time to time, southern company gas may be required to contribute additional capital to a pipeline joint venture or guarantee the obligations of such joint venture.
with respect to certain pipeline development projects, southern company gas will rely on its joint venture partners for construction management and will not exercise direct control over the process. all of the pipeline development projects are dependent on contractors for the successful and timely completion of the projects. further, the development of pipeline projects involves numerous regulatory, environmental, construction, safety, political, and legal uncertainties and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. these projects may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost, or at all. there may be cost overruns and construction difficulties that cause southern company gas' capital expenditures to exceed its initial expectations. moreover, southern company gas' revenues will not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a pipeline project. pipeline construction occurs over an extended period of time and southern company gas will not receive material increases in revenues until the project is placed in service.
the occurrence of any of the foregoing events could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition of southern company gas and southern company.
financial, economic, and market risks the electric generation and energy marketing operations of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power and the natural gas operations of southern company gas are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their control, including changes in energy prices and fuel costs, which may reduce southern company's, the traditional electric operating companies', southern power's, and/or southern company gas' revenues and increase costs.
the generation, energy marketing, and natural gas operations of the southern company system are subject to changes in energy prices and fuel costs, which could increase the cost of producing power, decrease the amount received from the sale of energy, and/or make electric generating facilities less competitive. the market prices for these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. among the factors that could influence energy prices and fuel costs are:
•   prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, biomass, and other fuels, as applicable, used in the generation facilities of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power and, in the case of natural gas, distributed by southern company gas, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
•   demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available from current or new competitors;
•   liquidity in the general wholesale electricity and natural gas markets;
•   weather conditions impacting demand for electricity and natural gas;
•   transmission or transportation constraints, disruptions, or inefficiencies;
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;
•   forced or unscheduled plant outages for the southern company system, its competitors, or third party providers;
•   the financial condition of market participants;
index to financial statements
•   the economy in the southern company system's service territory, the nation, and worldwide, including the impact of economic conditions on demand for electricity and the demand for fuels, including natural gas;
•   natural disasters, wars, embargos, acts of terrorism, and other catastrophic events; and
•   federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation.
certain of these factors could increase the expenses of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas and southern company. for the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas' regulated gas distribution operations, such increases may not be fully recoverable through rates. other of these factors could reduce the revenues of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas and southern company.
historically, the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas from time to time have experienced underrecovered fuel and/or purchased gas cost balances and may experience such balances in the future. while the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas are generally authorized to recover fuel and/or purchased gas costs through cost recovery clauses, recovery may be denied if costs are deemed to be imprudently incurred, and delays in the authorization of such recovery could negatively impact the cash flows of the affected traditional electric operating company or southern company gas and southern company.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas.
the consumption and use of energy are fundamentally linked to economic activity. this relationship is affected over time by changes in the economy, customer behaviors, and technologies. any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer, thus reducing the sales of energy and revenues. additionally, any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets, both nationally and internationally, could negatively affect the financial stability of customers and counterparties of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas.
outside of economic disruptions, changes in customer behaviors in response to energy efficiency programs, changing conditions and preferences, or changes in the adoption of technologies could affect the relationship of economic activity to the consumption of energy.
both federal and state programs exist to influence how customers use energy, and several of the traditional electric operating companies and southern company gas have psc or other applicable state regulatory agency mandates to promote energy efficiency. conservation programs could impact the financial results of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas in different ways. for example, if any traditional electric operating company or southern company gas is required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact on such traditional electric operating company or southern company gas and southern company. customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income, increases in energy prices, or individual conservation efforts.
in addition, the adoption of technology by customers can have both positive and negative impacts on sales. many new technologies utilize less energy than in the past. however, new electric and natural gas technologies such as electric and natural gas vehicles can create additional demand. the southern company system uses best available methods and experience to incorporate the effects of changes in customer behavior, state and federal programs, psc or other applicable state regulatory agency mandates, and technology, but the southern company system's planning processes may not appropriately estimate and incorporate these effects.
all of the factors discussed above could adversely affect southern company's, the traditional electric operating companies', southern power's, and/or southern company gas' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the operating results of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis. in addition, significant weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, and winter storms, could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of the properties of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and/or southern company gas and could negatively impact results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity.
electric power and natural gas supply are generally seasonal businesses. in many parts of the country, demand for power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time. in other areas, power demand peaks during the winter months. in most of the areas the traditional electric operating companies serve, electric power sales peak during the summer, i-33
index to financial statements while in most of the areas southern company gas serves, natural gas demand peaks during the winter. as a result, the overall operating results of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. in addition, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas have historically sold less power and natural gas when weather conditions are milder. unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, and available cash of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and/or southern company gas.
in addition, volatile or significant weather events could result in substantial damage to the transmission and distribution lines of the traditional electric operating companies, the generating facilities of the traditional electric operating companies and southern power, and the natural gas distribution and storage facilities of southern company gas. the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas have significant investments in the atlantic and gulf coast regions and southern power has wind and natural gas investments in various states, including maine, minnesota, oklahoma, and texas, which could be subject to severe weather, as well as solar investments in various states, including california, which could be subject to natural disasters. further, severe drought conditions can reduce the availability of water and restrict or prevent the operation of certain generating facilities.
in the event a traditional electric operating company or southern company gas experiences any of these weather events or any natural disaster or other catastrophic event, recovery of costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is subject to the approval of its state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency. historically, the traditional electric operating companies from time to time have experienced deficits in their storm cost recovery reserve balances and may experience such deficits in the future. any denial by the applicable state psc or other applicable state regulatory agency or delay in recovery of any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a traditional electric operating company's or southern company gas' and southern company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
in addition, damages resulting from significant weather events within the service territory of any traditional electric operating company or southern company gas or affecting southern power's customers may result in the loss of customers and reduced demand for energy for extended periods. any significant loss of customers or reduction in demand for energy could have a material negative impact on a traditional electric operating company's, southern power's, or southern company gas' and southern company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
acquisitions, dispositions, or other strategic ventures or investments may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries have made significant acquisitions and investments in the past and may in the future make additional acquisitions, dispositions, or other strategic ventures or investments. southern company and its subsidiaries continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets.
southern company and its subsidiaries may face significant competition for transactional opportunities and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, these transactions are intended to, but may not, result in the generation of cash or income, the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, or the reduction of risk. these transactions may also affect the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
these transactions also involve risks, including:
•   they may not result in an increase in income or provide an adequate return on capital or other anticipated benefits;
•   they may result in southern company or its subsidiaries entering into new or additional lines of business, which may have new or different business or operational risks;
•   they may not be successfully integrated into the acquiring company's operations and/or internal control processes;
•   the due diligence conducted prior to a transaction may not uncover situations that could result in financial or legal exposure or the acquiring company may not appropriately evaluate the likelihood or quantify the exposure from identified risks;
•   expected benefits of a transaction may be dependent on the cooperation or performance of a counterparty; or
•   for the traditional electric operating companies, costs associated with such investments that were expected to be recovered through rates may not be recoverable.
index to financial statements southern company and southern company gas are holding companies and are dependent on cash flows from their respective subsidiaries to meet their ongoing and future financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and, for southern company, to pay dividends on its common stock.
southern company and southern company gas are holding companies and, as such, they have no operations of their own. substantially all of southern company's and southern company gas' respective consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. a significant portion of southern company gas' debt is issued by its 100%-owned subsidiary, southern company gas capital, and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by southern company gas. southern company's and southern company gas' ability to meet their respective financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, and, for southern company, to pay dividends on its common stock, is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of their respective subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. prior to funding southern company or southern company gas, the respective subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends. these subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide southern company or southern company gas with funds. in addition, southern company and southern company gas may provide capital contributions or debt financing to subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet their respective financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, and to pay dividends on southern company's common stock.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of southern company, any of the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas could negatively affect their ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or could require southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas to post collateral or replace certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, and nicor gas, including capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other commitments for capital. southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, and nicor gas could experience a downgrade in their ratings if any rating agency concludes that the level of business or financial risk of the industry or southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. if one or more rating agencies downgrade southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas, borrowing costs likely would increase, including automatic increases in interest rates under applicable term loans and credit facilities, the pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and, particularly for any downgrade to below investment grade, significant collateral requirements may be triggered in a number of contracts. any credit rating downgrades could require a traditional electric operating company, southern power, southern company gas, southern company gas capital, or nicor gas to alter the mix of debt financing currently used, and could require the issuance of secured indebtedness and/or indebtedness with additional restrictive covenants.
uncertainty in demand for energy can result in lower earnings or higher costs. if demand for energy falls short of expectations, it could result in potentially stranded assets. if demand for energy exceeds expectations, it could result in increased costs for purchasing capacity in the open market or building additional electric generation and transmission facilities or natural gas distribution and storage facilities.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power each engage in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations. southern company gas engages in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of building new pipelines and storage facilities, replacing existing pipelines, rewatering storage facilities, and entering new markets and/or expanding in existing markets. these planning processes must look many years into the future in order to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities and natural gas distribution and storage facilities. inherent risk exists in predicting demand this far into the future as these future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including economic conditions, customer usage patterns, efficiency programs, and customer technology adoption. because regulators may not permit the traditional electric operating companies or southern company gas' regulated operating companies to adjust rates to recover the costs of new generation and associated transmission assets and/or new pipelines and related infrastructure in a timely manner or at all, southern company and its subsidiaries may not be able to fully recover these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs and the recovery in customers' rates. in addition, under southern power's model of selling capacity and energy at negotiated market-based rates under long-term ppas, southern power might not be able to fully execute its business plan if i-35
index to financial statements market prices drop below original forecasts. southern power and/or the traditional electric operating companies may not be able to extend existing ppas or find new buyers for existing generation assets as existing ppas expire, or they may be forced to market these assets at prices lower than originally intended. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected traditional electric operating company, southern power, or southern company gas, and for southern company.
the traditional electric operating companies are currently obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term ppas. southern power is currently obligated to supply power to wholesale customers under long-term ppas. at peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed the southern company system's available generation capacity. market or competitive forces may require that the traditional electric operating companies or southern power purchase capacity on the open market or build additional generation and transmission facilities. because regulators may not permit the traditional electric operating companies to pass all of these purchase or construction costs on to their customers, the traditional electric operating companies may not be able to recover some or all of these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of purchased or constructed capacity and the traditional electric operating companies' recovery in customers' rates. under southern power's long-term fixed price ppas, southern power would not have the ability to recover any of these costs. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected traditional electric operating company or southern power, and for southern company.
the businesses of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, and nicor gas are dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions. the inability of southern company, any traditional electric operating company, southern power, southern company gas, or nicor gas to access funds may limit its ability to execute its business plan by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, or nicor gas may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, and nicor gas rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. if southern company, any traditional electric operating company, southern power, southern company gas, or nicor gas is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, or nicor gas may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows. in addition, southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, and nicor gas rely on committed bank lending agreements as back-up liquidity which allows them to access low cost money markets. each of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, and nicor gas believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. however, certain events or market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect the ability to raise capital through the issuance of securities or other borrowing arrangements or the ability to secure committed bank lending agreements used as back-up sources of capital. such disruptions could include:
•   an economic downturn or uncertainty;
•   bankruptcy or financial distress at an unrelated energy company, financial institution, or sovereign entity;
•   capital markets volatility and disruption, either nationally or internationally;
•   changes in tax policy;
•   volatility in market prices for electricity and natural gas;
•   terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on the southern company system's facilities or unrelated energy companies' facilities;
•   war or threat of war; or
•   the overall health of the utility and financial institution industries.
as of december 31, 2016, mississippi power's current liabilities exceeded current assets by approximately $371 million primarily due to $551 million in promissory notes to southern company which mature in december 2017, $35 million in senior notes which mature in november 2017, and $63 million in short-term debt. mississippi power expects the funds needed to satisfy the promissory notes to southern company will exceed amounts available from operating cash flows, lines of credit, and other external sources. accordingly, mississippi power intends to satisfy these obligations through loans and/or equity contributions from southern company. specifically, mississippi power has been informed by southern company that, in the event sufficient funds are not available from external sources, southern company intends to (i) extend the maturity of the $551 million in promissory notes and (ii) provide mississippi power with loans and/or equity contributions sufficient to fund the remaining indebtedness scheduled to mature and other cash needs over the next 12 months.
index to financial statements georgia power's ability to make future borrowings through its term loan credit facility with the federal financing bank is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, as well as certification of compliance with the requirements of the loan guarantee program under title xvii of the energy policy act of 2005, including accuracy of project-related representations and warranties, delivery of updated project-related information and evidence of compliance with the prevailing wage requirements of the davis-bacon act of 1931, as amended, and certification from the doe's consulting engineer that proceeds of the advances are used to reimburse certain costs of construction relating to plant vogtle units 3 and 4 that are eligible for financing under the title xvii loan guarantee program.
volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, and other factors could substantially increase defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan costs and the costs of nuclear decommissioning.
the costs of providing pension and other postretirement benefit plans are dependent on a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plan, changes in actuarial assumptions, future government regulation, changes in life expectancy, and the frequency and amount of the southern company system's required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as a significant decline in the value of investments that fund the pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and the southern company system could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on liquidity by reducing cash flows and could negatively affect results of operations. additionally, alabama power and georgia power each hold significant assets in their nuclear decommissioning trusts to satisfy obligations to decommission alabama power's and georgia power's nuclear plants. the rate of return on assets held in those trusts can significantly impact both the costs of decommissioning and the funding requirements for the trusts.
southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs.
the financial condition of some insurance companies, the threat of terrorism, and natural disasters, among other things, could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. the availability of insurance covering risks that southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, southern company gas, and their respective competitors typically insure against may decrease, and the insurance that southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, and more restrictive policy terms. further, the insurance policies maintained by southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas may not cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred.
any losses not covered by insurance, or any increases in the cost of applicable insurance, could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas.
the use of derivative contracts by southern company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of southern company and its subsidiaries or in reported net income volatility.
southern company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas, use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their commodity and interest rate exposures and, to a lesser extent, manage foreign currency exchange rate exposure and engage in limited trading activities. southern company and its subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, limits, and procedures. these risk management policies, limits, and procedures might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not off-set the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. the factors used in the valuation of these instruments become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future these estimates are made. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.
in addition, southern company gas utilizes derivative instruments to lock in economic value in wholesale gas services, which may not qualify or are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. the difference in accounting treatment for the underlying position and the financial instrument used to hedge the value of the contract can cause volatility in reported net income of southern company and southern company gas while the positions are open due to mark-to-market accounting.
index to financial statements future impairments of goodwill or long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on southern company's and its subsidiaries' results of operations.
goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually and more frequently if events or circumstances occur that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value and long-lived assets are assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. in connection with the completion of the merger, the application of the acquisition method of accounting was pushed down to southern company gas. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of southern company gas' assets and liabilities was recorded as goodwill. this resulted in a significant increase in the goodwill recorded on southern company's and southern company gas' consolidated balance sheets. in addition, southern company and its subsidiaries have long-lived assets recorded on their balance sheets. to the extent the value of goodwill or long-lived assets become impaired, southern company, southern company gas, southern power, and the traditional electric operating companies may be required to incur impairment charges that could have a material impact on their results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page southern company. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"       ii-12
alabama power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"          ii-157
georgia power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"          ii-235
gulf power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"             ii-318
mississippi power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"      ii-388
southern power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"         ii-484
southern company gas. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"   ii-545