Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements, and various factors could adversely affect our operations, performance, and financial condition. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire, or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. Integration of our products and services creates an increasingly complex ecosystem that is partly reliant on third parties. If any disruptive technology or competing products achieve widespread acceptance, our operating results could suffer. Our enterprise offerings have extended and complex sales cycles, which can make our sales cycles unpredictable. The complexity in these sales cycles is due to several factors, including the need for our sales representatives to educate customers about the use and benefit of large-scale deployments of our products and services, including technical capabilities and potential cost savings. We spend substantial time and expense on our sales efforts without assurance that potential customers will ultimately purchase our solutions. Our extended sales cycle for these products and services makes it difficult to predict when a given sales cycle will close. We rely on data centers managed both by us and third parties to host and deliver our services, and any interruptions or delays in these hosted services could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation. We process and store significant amounts of employee and customer data, most of which is hosted by third-party service providers. A security incident impacting our data centers may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of this data. Unauthorized access to or disclosure of data stored by us may occur through breaches of a secure network by an unauthorized party or employee theft. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by a number of factors, including access to the internet, security breaches, or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. Our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction, may be difficult to maintain as we grow and integrate employees and businesses acquired in connection with previous or future acquisitions. We believe that investments in research and development are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to the timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our ability to attract and retain customers depends on our ability to continue to enhance features and functionality, the reliability of our subscription offerings, and the actual or perceived information security of our systems and services. Our success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue has positively affected our revenue growth. We expect our digital media segment to drive sustained long-term revenue growth through continued expansion of our customer base and the delivery of additional features and value.