Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications and email. If we were to experience a prolonged disruption in the information technology systems that involve our internal communications or our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. We also utilize external cloud providers for certain infrastructure activities. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. The success of the acquisition, including the achievement of anticipated benefits and cost savings of the acquisition, is subject to a number of uncertainties and will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate linear's business into our business in an efficient and effective manner. Integrating personnel, IT systems and corporate, finance and administrative infrastructures of the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality products and services is a potential difficulty the combined company may encounter in the integration process. We may also experience material fluctuations in future revenue, gross margins, operating results, net income and earnings per share on a quarterly or annual basis. Our future success depends upon our ability to execute our business strategy, continue to innovate, improve our existing products, design, develop, produce and market new products, and identify and enter new markets. Our growth is dependent on our ability to generate new design opportunities and win competitive bid selection processes. Failure to obtain or maintain a particular design win may prevent us from obtaining or maintaining design wins in subsequent generations of a particular product and could also weaken our position in future competitive selection processes. The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to significant economic upturns and downturns. The demand for our products is subject to the strength of our four major end markets of industrial, communications, automotive and consumer. Our ability to effectively manage our cost structure in both the short term and over a longer duration is critical. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. Our reliance on third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers for some industry-standard wafers, manufacturing processes, assembly and test services, and transportation involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs. If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require, we may be forced to seek to engage additional or replacement suppliers, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers.