Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code, and viruses. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because malevolent third parties may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, use, transmit, and store. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated, and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We host our applications and serve our clients from data centers that we operate and from data centers operated by third-party vendors. If any of our or our third-party vendors' data centers fail or become disabled, even for a limited period of time, our businesses could be disrupted, and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. If we fail to adapt our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future.