The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. There has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's long-term results of operations depend substantially upon its ability to continue to conceive, design, source, and market new products and upon continuing market acceptance of its existing and future product lines. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions and pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments. The company's strategy includes maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control, which are essential for operational efficiency and effectiveness. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and its ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of its fundamental financial strengths, allowing it to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, and the inability to compete successfully could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. The company has implemented preventative security measures to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, but its infrastructure may still be susceptible to disruptions from such incidents. The company is committed to mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to enhance its IT capability, which has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company recognizes that changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, and other factors beyond its control may adversely impact its business and operating results, affecting its operational flexibility and market responsiveness. The company is also subject to interest rate volatility, which could impact its financial activities and operational decisions.