Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our dependence on a small number of end customers and contract manufacturers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that utilizes third-party wafer foundry and module assembly and test capabilities, and we depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs and produce products of acceptable quality. We also rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services, including those related to IT network development and monitoring. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce, and market new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services may adversely affect our wired infrastructure and enterprise storage segments. We must maintain appropriate capacity at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand for our proprietary products, which may require us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities. Our research and development expenses are primarily driven by personnel costs for engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, which are essential for maintaining our competitive position. The integration of acquired businesses involves significant challenges, including implementing management information systems and internal controls over the acquired operations. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisitions. Our overall cash tax costs will vary based on several factors, including reorganizations or restructurings of our businesses or assets, overall profitability, and changes in tax regulations or policy. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to fund our liquidity requirements will depend on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions. We believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our business is dependent on winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," which require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and engineering resources. The success of our wired infrastructure segment is primarily dependent on IT and data center spending, which can vary dramatically from quarter to quarter. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors, including product inventory levels and product sell-through, which could harm our business and adversely affect our revenue.