Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with charge, credit, and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions, bank transfer models, as well as evolving and growing alternative, non-traditional payment and financing providers. We believe Visa and Mastercard are larger than we are in most countries. Our business may also be increasingly negatively affected if we are unable to increase merchant acceptance and our cards are not accepted at merchants that accept cards on the Visa and Mastercard networks. Our ability to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses is critical. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. In order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms, authentication technologies, and risk management and compliance systems. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. The process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly, and uncertain. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. A significant operating disruption, a major information or cyber security incident, or an increase in fraudulent activity could lead to reputational damage to our brand and significant legal, regulatory, and financial exposure, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security risk management committee provides governance for our information security risk management program. The committee is responsible for establishing cyber risk tolerances and managing cyber crisis preparedness. The management of multiple third-party vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over third-party service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions, or economic and reputational harm to us. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. Our ability to manage operational risk is critical, as operational risk includes the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems.