We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We maintain cyber insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. In connection with this strategy, we are in the process of evolving our operating model to focus on investment in commercial opportunities against key brands and markets, accelerate the pipeline, streamline operations, and realign manufacturing capabilities that broaden biologics capabilities. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial and R&D resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions, and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. The evolution in our operating model will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. Our commercial model has been evolving, and revenues from our marketed product portfolio continue to grow, which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. We continue to drive growth of our key brands by expanding into additional indications and tumor types both as a monotherapy and in combination with other anti-cancer agents. We are building on the continued success of our other prioritized brands and remain strongly committed to our strategic management practices.