Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and value of investments, and we may not be able to manage our exposure to these market conditions and/or other events. The performance of the investments made by our credit and private equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk given the volatility of commodity prices. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses, and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. In order to reduce expenses in the face of a difficult economic environment, we may need to cut back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers, or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel that could be important to our business. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, nation-state hackers, hacktivists, and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, portfolio companies, and potential investments. If successful, these types of attacks on our network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, due to the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business, and damage to our reputation. We depend on our headquarters in New York City, where many of our personnel are located, for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from its current level. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to such information systems, could have a material adverse effect on us. Our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses.