In addition, we rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner are critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks, and data are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity, and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks, and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions. In response to economic and business conditions, we have taken significant restructuring and cost reduction actions in recent years. We expect to take additional restructuring actions as we continue to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operation, which may reduce our profitability in the periods incurred. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency, and cash flow, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, one such initiative is to implement sustained improvements in our operational efficiency and order-to-delivery processes so that our lead time is better aligned with customer requirements, as well as to reduce waste, further enhance quality, and maximize value for our customers. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality, and price. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We believe that our information technology capabilities have become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs, and end-user customers.