Our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations, including cash available for distribution and our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our properties. We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy; however, we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business. The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries. Market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations, or reputation. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost, or stolen, or our business operations disrupted. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. Companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across our operations. Such innovations enable us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics. We promote continued learning, development, and technical training through structured development programs designed to enhance the technical and functional skills of our employees. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the disciplined financial and operational priorities that underpin our value proposition. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets that strategically fit our development plans. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours. Our commitment to our value proposition positions the company for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. Our investment in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues received, is focused on tight oil reservoirs, LNG, oil sands, and other production operations. We continue to monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-dollar basis and a per-unit basis. Managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment. The ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our operations and the demand for our products could be materially impacted by the development and adoption of these technologies.