John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise information, exposing the company to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts or natural disasters. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation, which could adversely affect its business. Additionally, John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere collects personally identifiable information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory or other governmental bodies. Any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to John Deere or company officials, damage its reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect its business. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel. The company is dependent on its ability to identify, attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel with the requisite education, background and industry experience. Failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy and could adversely affect its business. John Deere's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be impacted by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. The reallocation of radio frequency spectrums could disrupt or degrade the reliability of John Deere's high precision augmented global positioning system technology, which could impair its ability to develop and market GPS-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability. John Deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems depend upon the use of RF signals, which include GPS signals and other RF equipment that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers and technicians. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere's GPS-based products, negatively affecting its ability to develop and market these solutions.