We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, including our new kite konnect platform. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property, trade secrets, or personal information of our employees, patients, customers, or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. While we have invested, and continue to invest, in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, will prevent service interruptions, or identify breaches in our systems, that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to us. Our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks, and other related breaches. Regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, in 2016, the European Union adopted a new law governing data practices and privacy called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which becomes effective in May 2018. The law establishes new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. The GDPR and other changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data, such as healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions that we operate. We rely on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics, and commercialization of product candidates and revenues. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies, or disputes with these companies could negatively impact our business. We depend on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials, and we are unable to directly control the timing, conduct, expense, and quality of our clinical trials. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. We rely on independent third-party contract research organizations to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, and bioanalytical analysis. Many important aspects of the services performed for us by the contract research organizations are out of our direct control. If there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our contract research organizations, our clinical trials may be delayed. Moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by third-party contract research organizations. If any of our contract research organizations' processes, methodologies, or results were determined to be invalid or inadequate, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals could be adversely affected.