Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber attacks, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems and other third-party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. We have made concerted efforts to revitalize our commercial excellence processes, such as velocity product development (VPD), which enables higher organic revenue at better margins. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to take better advantage of our core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in six attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization and safety. We expect to spend approximately $900 million for capital expenditures in 2018 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We identify acquisition candidates that will further our strategic plan and strengthen our existing core businesses. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. We believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs. Our available cash, committed credit lines and access to the public debt and equity markets provide additional sources of short-term and long-term liquidity to fund current operations, debt maturities, and future investment opportunities.