The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands; greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets; the development of new data products; the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity; new entrants; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our pricing and analytics services consist of an extensive set of independent evaluated pricing services focused primarily on fixed income and international equity securities, valuation services, reference data, market data, end of day pricing, fixed income, equity portfolio analytics, and risk management analytics. Our desktop and connectivity services comprise technology-based information platforms, feeds, and connectivity solutions. These include trading applications, desktop solutions, data feeds, and infrastructure to support trading, voice brokers, and investment functions. Our services offer clients a secure, resilient, private multi-participant network that provides access to global exchanges and content service providers. Our infrastructure managed services solution also offers colocation space, direct exchange access, proximity hosting, and support services that enable access to real-time exchange data and facilitate low latency, secure electronic market access. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 21% in 2013 to 58% in 2017. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and other revenues. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses and a portion of our compensation expense that is tied directly to our data sales or overall financial performance. Technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. Communication expenses consist of costs for network connection for our electronic platforms, telecommunications costs, and fees paid for access to external market data. Technology and communications expenses increased the last two years primarily due to technology expenses incurred by interactive data, trayport, securities evaluations, and credit market analysis following their acquisitions in 2016 and 2015.