The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, present the potential for adverse impacts, which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The company’s businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. The company competes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, and availability. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes, and technologies could threaten to make the company's products or technologies less desirable, less economical, or obsolete. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services. Management's commitment to innovation is reflected in the $10.6 billion invested in research and development and $35.2 billion spent on acquisitions, reflecting the aim to create life-enhancing innovations and partnerships that will profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The company’s continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers. The company actively pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. The development of successful products and technologies is necessary to offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to competition and loss of patent exclusivity. The company faces increasing regulatory scrutiny which imposes significant compliance costs and exposes it to government investigations, legal actions, and penalties. The company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations, and legal action by national, state, and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which it operates. The company must navigate numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as patent disputes, product liability, and claims that their product sales, marketing, and pricing practices violate various laws. The company’s ability to secure and defend intellectual property rights essential to its businesses is critical, as these rights are materially important to the company's results of operations.