Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. We also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated, or accounted for in our funds. Our public markets business is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks. The costs of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. A disaster or a disruption in technology or infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. We take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, but our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code, and other events that could have a security impact. Our business activities may give rise to a conflict of interest with our funds. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, growth equity, core, credit, and through strategic manager partnerships, hedge funds. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry generally, and our investment products specifically, as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, co-investments, and any net capital requirements of our capital markets companies. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. Our ability to realize investments may be adversely affected by challenging market and economic conditions. The performance of our capital markets business is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads, and volatility. Our capital markets business does not generate management or monitoring fees. The increase in our private equity investment portfolio was driven primarily by net gains in our North America Fund XI, European Fund IV, and European Fund III. The value of these investments is heavily influenced by the price of natural gas and oil. Our investments in real assets may expose unitholders to additional adverse tax consequences. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our results of operations and financial condition.