We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. The success of our strategic initiatives will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches have occurred in recent years at several large U.S. companies, including retailers. Our systems are additionally vulnerable to a number of other causes, such as power outages, computer viruses, technology system failures, or catastrophic events. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged, we may also suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements to our existing management information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing, and fulfillment. We are focusing on leveraging analytics to know the customer and their homes better, understanding their plans, and designing better solutions to help them navigate their project journey. We are improving how we engage, connecting with customers and associates through relevant tools and personalized messages through our enhanced marketing management platform. We will better empower our associates by deploying more user-friendly interfaces allowing our associates to better serve customers. We are expanding our fulfillment options to better serve customers' needs and expectations, including investing in a new direct fulfillment center that will allow for the expansion of our online product offering and faster parcel shipping. We are investing to improve the pro experience in order to grow our pro sales and expand our market share, including building on our strength with the maintenance, repair, and operations customer and increasing relevance with specialty trades and repair/remodelers. Through these strategic areas, we are focusing our resources on what is most relevant to the customer, building the capabilities required to deliver simple and seamless omni-channel experiences for DIY, DIFM, and pro customers.