The company is increasingly reliant on technological systems, such as point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms, technologies supporting McDonald's delivery and digital solutions, as well as technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration internally, with affiliated entities, customers, or independent third parties to conduct its business. The modernization efforts are designed to drive incremental customer visits and higher average check. The company continues to build upon its investments in experience of the future ("eotf"), focusing on restaurant modernization and technology, in order to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand in the eyes of the customer. As the company accelerates its pace of converting restaurants to eotf, it is placing renewed emphasis on improving its existing service model and strengthening its relationships with customers through technology. By evolving the technology platform, the company is expanding choices for how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technology-driven models that enable table service and curb-side pick-up. The company is also enhancing the overall customer experience with hospitable, friendly service and ever-improving convenience for customers on their terms. The company’s investments to enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected returns. The company’s success depends on its system's ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and trends in food sourcing, food preparation, food offerings, and consumer preferences. The company faces intense competition in its markets, which could hurt its business, and its ability to compete successfully depends on its ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price its products appropriately, deliver a relevant customer experience, manage the complexity of its restaurant operations, and respond effectively to its competitors' actions or disruptive actions from others which it does not foresee. The company is committed to managing the risks and costs associated with the effects of climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources, which includes the increased public focus on environmental sustainability matters. The company’s information technology systems contain personal, financial, and other information that is entrusted to it by its customers, employees, and other third parties, as well as financial, proprietary, and other confidential information related to its business. Any failure of these systems could significantly impact operations and customer experience and perceptions. The company’s increasing reliance on third-party systems also presents operational, security, and credit risks. The occurrence of any security breaches could result in disruptions, shutdowns, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of personal, financial, proprietary, or other confidential information. The company’s ability to increase sales and profits depends on its system's ability to meet expectations for safe food and on its ability to manage the potential impact on McDonald's of food-borne illnesses and food or product safety issues that may arise in the future. The company is subject to increasing legal complexity and could be party to litigation that could adversely affect it, including claims related to privacy and data collection, protection, and management. The company relies on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights to protect its brand and branded products, and any claim of infringement could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and harm its business.