Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers, and others. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. continues to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. Safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. Interruptions of information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on operations; however, the increasing complexity of technology and sophistication of cyber-attacks present ongoing risks. The potential for loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive and confidential data, along with operational disruptions, legal challenges, and significant remediation costs, underscores the importance of effective IT capability in supporting business needs and enhancing organizational performance. Altria Group, Inc. may face challenges in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions. The company’s tobacco subsidiaries must continue to promote brand equity, anticipate and respond to evolving adult consumer preferences, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute products that appeal to adult consumers, and improve productivity. The failure to compete effectively could adversely affect the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Altria Group, Inc. has growth strategies involving moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce health risks associated with current tobacco products. The success of these strategies is contingent on the ability to develop and commercialize innovative products and obtain regulatory approval for marketing or sale. Significant changes in tobacco leaf price, availability, or quality could also adversely affect profitability. The reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers presents additional risks, as disruptions could materially impact business operations. Altria Group, Inc. must navigate a complex regulatory environment that includes significant governmental actions and private sector actions aimed at reducing tobacco use, which may impact adult tobacco consumer acceptability and access to tobacco products. The company’s ability to attract and retain talent may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions, which could affect its strategic objectives and operational effectiveness.