The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure (collectively, "IT systems") to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. Due to the cyber-attack, the company was unable to fulfill orders for certain products in certain markets, which had an unfavorable effect on sales in 2017 of approximately $260 million. The company anticipates that in 2018 sales will be unfavorably affected in certain markets by approximately $200 million from the cyber-attack. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and also is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the June 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and it manages the impact of foreign exchange rate movements and interest rate movements on its earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and liabilities through operational means and through the use of various financial instruments, including derivative instruments. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company's clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, including cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, infectious diseases, neurosciences, obesity, pain, respiratory diseases, and vaccines. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company also reviews its pipeline to examine candidates that may provide more value through out-licensing.