Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The firm focuses on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The firm utilizes various credit quality indicators in its credit monitoring process for loans held for investment, which include pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss categories. The firm evaluates new obligors before credit transactions are initially approved and at least annually thereafter for corporate and wholesale real estate loans. For corporate loans, credit evaluations typically involve the evaluation of financial statements, assessment of leverage, liquidity, capital strength, asset composition and quality, market capitalization and access to capital markets, cash flow projections, and debt service requirements. The firm’s credit evaluation also considers strategy, market position, industry dynamics, obligor's management, and other factors that could affect an obligor's risk profile. The firm’s operational risk includes inadequate or failed processes or systems, from human factors or from external events such as fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks, or damage to physical assets. The firm’s risk-based capital ratios reflect both the firm's on- and off-balance sheet risk, as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from credit risk, market risk, and operational risk. The firm maintains methodologies by loan product for calculating an allowance for loan losses that estimates the inherent losses in the loan portfolio. The firm’s use of swaps for asset and liability management affects its effective average borrowing rate. The firm manages its exposure to credit derivatives through a variety of risk mitigation strategies, including managing the credit and correlation risk across single name, non-tranched indices and baskets, tranched indices and baskets, and cash positions. The firm’s investments in certain funds measured at net asset value include private equity, real estate, and hedge funds, which may be subject to initial period lock-up or gate provisions. The firm’s operational flexibility is enhanced by its ability to mobilize and deploy IT resources effectively, aligning technology capabilities with business strategies to create value and support competitive positioning in the market.