nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the continuous functioning of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure is required in a highly regulated industry. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity, and geographical reach of their business. nee and fpl add, modify, and replace information systems on a regular basis, and modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including integrating the modified, new, or replacement system with existing systems and processes. any disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources. the companies' retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data, and if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nee and fpl could be materially adversely affected, customer confidence could be diminished, or customer information could be subject to identity theft. the companies face risks related to project siting, financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals, and the negotiation of project development agreements that may impede their development and operating activities. the operational risks associated with the operation and maintenance of their electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, gas infrastructure facilities, and other facilities could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. operational risks could result in lost revenues due to prolonged outages, increased expenses due to monetary penalties or fines for compliance failures, and liability to third parties for property and personal injury damage. the ability to proceed with projects under development and to complete construction of, and capital improvement projects for, their facilities on schedule and within budget may be adversely affected by escalating costs for materials and labor and regulatory compliance. the companies' business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially adversely affected if they do not proceed with projects under development or are unable to complete the construction of, or capital improvements to, their facilities on schedule or within budget. nee's and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including new or revised laws, regulations, interpretations, or other regulatory initiatives regarding deregulation or restructuring of the energy industry. any inability or failure to address the effects of regulation on their business could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. the regulatory process does not provide any assurance as to the achievement of authorized or other earnings levels, or that fpl will be permitted to earn an acceptable return on capital investments it wishes to make. the extensive regulatory framework limits or could otherwise adversely impact fpl's earnings.