We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. We outsource certain services to third parties in areas including transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial execution, and other areas. Service performance issues with these third parties may adversely impact the progression of our clinical trial programs. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, which may result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data, supply disruptions, non-compliance, or reputational harm. We are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization. If any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of our enterprise resource planning system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations, including, among other ways, through a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. Our ability to realize expected benefits from combining acquired businesses will depend, in large part, on our ability to integrate these businesses effectively, which includes leveraging technology resources and capabilities. The anticipated progress in remediation efforts at certain of our manufacturing facilities is also critical to maintaining operational efficiency and meeting business needs. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. The evolving pathway for registration and approval of biosimilar products by the FDA and regulatory authorities in certain other countries could diminish the value of our investments in biosimilars. We cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in these economic conditions, or what impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition or business.