Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. This complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. Our systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions and the operation of various third-party systems. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Our ability to participate in financial networks is dependent on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the complex rules of each network and any related industry supervisory groups. If we fail to comply with legal requirements or rules established by a network or industry group, we could be assessed significant monetary fines and other penalties, including the termination of our right to use the applicable network or system. Our ability to accurately evaluate and pay claims that are made under our insurance policies is essential, and our failure to deploy claims resources appropriately and in a cost-effective manner could result in unanticipated costs, lead to material litigation, undermine customer goodwill, and impair our brand. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including those with strong technological, analytical, and other skills necessary for us to run our vehicle and property insurance businesses. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, which may impose specific requirements relating to information technology systems and related cybersecurity risks. Compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can be substantial, to our insurance subsidiaries. The realization of risks associated with technological advancements, including unforeseen disruptive technologies and events, could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. The complexity of our systems and processes, combined with the need for effective management of technological resources, is critical to our operational efficiency and overall business performance.