Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature, and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components, and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. A disruption in deliveries from our suppliers or supplier production disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. The success of future acquisitions will depend on our ability to successfully combine and integrate the businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, and operational efficiencies. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks, and our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to audits. We are also subject to litigation, environmental, product safety, and other legal and compliance risks that could adversely affect our competitive position. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, and information technology security systems to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We may also be subject to disruptions, losses, and liability resulting from various cybersecurity attacks or information technology failures. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, and our results are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in customer attrition, raw material and energy costs, and global credit market conditions. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, and changes in local government regulation. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our businesses evolve and as these regions increase their demand for our products. Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure, which could result from cyber-attacks or failures of such infrastructure. We have experienced cyber-based attacks, and due to the evolving threat landscape, may continue to experience them going forward. The integration of the two companies may result in material challenges, including unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems. The evolving nature of cyber-based risks may impact our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.