The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions, which may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions may also affect our results of operations and cash flow. Increased competition may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance, as we face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are key competitive factors for our business. Competition in these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow. The benefits expected from the acquisition of Valspar will depend on our ability to realize anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies, which are contingent upon the successful integration of Valspar. The integration process could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our activities, and any significant business activities interrupted as a result of the integration process could adversely affect our business. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including our subsidiaries' performance. Our results of operations could be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, including data privacy and security laws, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information could severely harm our business. We collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential personal information, and any security breach involving unauthorized disclosure could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. The regulatory environment related to information security and data privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, and compliance with these requirements could result in additional costs. We expect health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. We have numerous patents, trade secrets, trademarks, and know-how that are valuable to our business, and unauthorized use of our intellectual property could have an adverse effect on our business. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our ability to generate cash flow from operations or access capital markets may be adversely affected by various factors, including our debt and credit ratings. The degree to which we are currently leveraged could have important consequences for shareholders, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions.