The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, implementation of new technologies, and information technology system failure. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technology and increased sophistication and frequency of cyber attacks and data security breaches. The traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet, and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, or other types of data security breaches, southern company and its subsidiaries face a heightened risk of cyberattack. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their information technology systems and confidential data or to attempts to disrupt utility operations. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical attacks. If assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of information technology systems and network infrastructure. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance or otherwise could adversely affect southern company gas' and southern company's financial condition and results of operations. The financial condition, net income, and cash flows of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, and southern power could be adversely affected by changes in regulations related to transmission planning processes and competition in the wholesale electric markets. Compliance with or changes in the mandatory reliability standards may subject the traditional electric operating companies and southern power to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. The impact of these and other such developments and the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand are uncertain. The traditional electric operating companies and southern power could be subject to higher costs as a result of implementing and maintaining compliance with the north american electric reliability corporation mandatory reliability standards along with possible associated penalties for non-compliance. The registrants expect that these expenditures will continue to be significant in the future. Changes in technology may make the southern company system's electric generating facilities less competitive. The traditional electric operating companies and southern power face increasing competition from other companies that supply energy or generation and storage technologies. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of southern company, the traditional electric operating companies, or southern power.