The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity payment and acceptance technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, and new authentication technologies. Innovations in payment technology have enabled expansion into new products and services, which also broaden the potential scope of regulatory influence. Our advanced transaction processing network, visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services. As technology evolves, new competitors emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles, our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, and alternate payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. The competitive landscape continues to shift, with parties developing alternate payment networks or products that could disintermediate us from transaction processing or the value-added services we provide. Our ability to adapt to technological change and the proliferation of alternative payment services is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. We have been subject to complex and evolving global regulations that could harm our business and financial results, which may limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules, require us to adopt new rules, or change existing rules. The impact of these regulations on us, our clients, and other third parties could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules and increase our compliance costs. Our cybersecurity and processing systems may experience damage or disruption from various causes, including cyber-attacks, which could harm our business. We devote significant resources to our cybersecurity programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data. However, the evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, and our revenues. Our financial results are also affected by overall economic conditions and consumer spending, which may be impacted by prevailing economic conditions. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures increased due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. We believe that our projected sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our projected liquidity needs for more than the next 12 months. The integration of Visa Europe into our operations presents challenges, including maintaining interoperability with Visa Europe's systems during the integration phase. The separation of payment card scheme and processing may exacerbate risks related to the effective integration of both businesses. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow relationships with our clients and partners, as well as to adapt to evolving regulatory landscapes and competitors' practices. We are also subject to complex and evolving regulations that govern our operations, which may require us to make our technology or intellectual property available to third parties, including competitors, in an undesirable manner.