Our business depends on our ability to obtain marketing authorization and reimbursement for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in ex-u.s. markets. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. We collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such information. We have implemented security measures to minimize risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with disruptions. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Our ability to effectively manage our business is contingent upon enhancing our operational and financial infrastructure, including our controls over records and information. We face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry, which could affect our ability to respond effectively to business needs. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key scientific and management personnel and to integrate new personnel into our business. We are subject to data privacy and protection laws and regulations that apply to the collection, transmission, storage and use of proprietary information and personally-identifying information, which impose certain requirements relating to privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues that could affect our business. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand our compliance programs globally. Our revenues depend significantly on the extent to which our products are covered by third-party payors, and we dedicate substantial management and other resources to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to enhance our pipeline and research capabilities. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates and technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for the research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights. Our collaborative revenues have historically fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate in the future. We are subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials is subject to a number of factors, including the size of the patient population and the nature of the protocol. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We are also subject to health care fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and laws prohibiting the promotion of drugs for unapproved or off-label uses.