We face significant competition in our industry, and our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, the quality of our customer service, our development of new and enhanced products and services, and our capital resources. It will also depend on how successfully we anticipate and respond to various factors affecting our industry, including new technologies and business models, changes in consumer preferences and demand for existing services, demographic trends, and economic conditions. If we are not able to adapt to changes and disruptions in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy, and experience reduced profits. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors. We depend on key suppliers and vendors to provide equipment that we need to operate our business. If these suppliers or vendors fail to provide equipment or service on a timely basis or fail to meet our performance expectations, we may be unable to provide products and services as and when requested by our customers. Cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems could have an adverse effect on our business. Cyber attacks may cause equipment failures, loss of information, including sensitive personal information of customers or employees or valuable technical and marketing information, as well as disruptions to our or our customers' operations. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems or those of our suppliers, vendors, and other service providers as a result of cyber attacks, even for a limited period of time, may result in significant expenses to us and/or a loss of market share to other communications providers. The potential costs associated with these attacks could exceed the insurance coverage we maintain. Our increasing presence in the IoT industry with offerings of telematics products and services could also increase our exposure to potential costs and expenses and reputational harm in the event of cyber attacks impacting these products or services. Changes in the regulatory framework under which we operate could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. Our domestic operations are subject to regulation by the FCC and other federal, state, and local agencies, and our international operations are regulated by various foreign governments and international bodies. New laws or regulations or changes to the existing regulatory framework at the federal, state, and local, or international level could restrict the ways in which we manage our wireline and wireless networks and operate our media and telematics businesses, impose additional costs, impair revenue opportunities, and potentially impede our ability to provide services in a manner that would be attractive to us and our customers. The further regulation of broadband, wireless, and our other activities and any related court decisions could restrict our ability to compete in the marketplace and limit the return we can expect to achieve on past and future investments in our networks. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks, and other hostile acts and events beyond our control. Such events could cause significant damage to our infrastructure upon which our business operations rely, resulting in degradation or disruption of service to our customers. We expect our dependence on key suppliers to continue as we develop and introduce more advanced generations of technology.