We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs and our online operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, and the computer and operating systems on which they run, may be subject to cyber-attacks. Those attacks could involve attempts to gain access to one of our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and make unauthorized use of customers' or members' payment information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in traffic, reputational damage and deterioration of our competitive position. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label credit cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. As a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols. We cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known cyber-attacks or malware that may be developed in the future. We are also investing in ecommerce, technology, store remodels and other customer initiatives, which may not adequately or effectively allow us to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. Our strategy includes investments in ecommerce, technology, supply chain and other areas to support growth in comparable store and club sales and ecommerce, while slowing the rate at which we open new stores and clubs. The performance of strategic alliances to support the expansion of our Walmart International segment could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our Walmart International segment may enter into strategic alliances in the countries in which we have existing operations or in other markets to expand our digital retail operations, physical retail operations or both. Any strategic alliance may not generate the level of ecommerce or other sales we anticipate when entering into that alliance or may otherwise adversely impact our business and competitive position relative to the results we could have achieved in the absence of such alliance.