ExxonMobil's business results are also exposed to potential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions. The long-term success of ExxonMobil's upstream, downstream, and chemical businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. This includes our ability to negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir performance; and manage changes in operating conditions and costs. An important component of ExxonMobil's competitive performance is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability to manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost control, productivity enhancements, and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber employees. To maintain our competitive position, especially in light of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuous efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil's research and development organizations must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Our results depend on management's ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, and to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other adverse environmental events. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, and other local security concerns. Cybersecurity is a critical concern, as ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of threat actors, which could adversely affect our business operations. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of severe weather events, natural disasters, and human error depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well as our rigorous disaster preparedness and response and business continuity planning. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our results. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas, and petrochemicals include technological improvements in energy efficiency and changes in technology or consumer preferences that alter fuel choices. Technological change can also alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to manufacture petrochemicals. Our future results may depend in part on the success of our research efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. The effective management of individual projects and our overall portfolio, including diversification among types and locations of our projects, is crucial for mitigating risk and providing attractive returns to shareholders. The ability of the corporation to insure against many of the risks it faces is limited by the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient. Our reputation is an important corporate asset, and an operating incident, significant cybersecurity disruption, or other adverse event may negatively impact our reputation, making it more difficult to compete successfully for new opportunities.