item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the coca-cola company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this report. md&a includes the following sections:
•our business - a general description of our business and its challenges and risks.
•critical accounting policies and estimates - a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates.
•operations review - an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2021 and 2020 and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. an analysis of our consolidated results of operations for 2020 and 2019 and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 can be found in md&a in part ii, item 7 of the company's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
•liquidity, capital resources and financial position - an analysis of cash flows, contractual obligations, foreign exchange, and the impact of inflation and changing prices.
our business general the coca-cola company is a total beverage company, and beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the united states since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries and territories. we own or license and market numerous beverage brands, which we group into the following categories: trademark coca-cola; sparkling flavors; hydration, sports, coffee and tea; nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages; and emerging beverages. we own and market five of the world's top six nonalcoholic sparkling soft drink brands: coca-cola, sprite, fanta, diet coke and coca-cola zero sugar.
we make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers as well as the company's consolidated bottling and distribution operations. beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for 2.1 billion of the approximately 63 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
we believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage options to meet their desires, needs and lifestyles. our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every day.
our company markets, manufactures and sells:
•beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," and syrups, including fountain syrups (we refer to this part of our business as our "concentrate operations"); and
•finished sparkling soft drinks and other beverages (we refer to this part of our business as our "finished product operations").
generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate operations.
our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates, syrups and certain finished beverages to authorized bottling operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). our bottling partners either combine concentrates with still or sparkling water and sweeteners (depending on the product), or combine syrups with still or sparkling water, to produce finished beverages. the finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers, such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles, bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. in addition, outside the united states, our bottling partners are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups, using our concentrates, which they sell to fountain retailers for use in producing beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. our concentrate operations are included in our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment.
our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling soft drinks and a variety of other finished beverages to retailers, or to distributors and wholesalers who in turn sell the beverages to retailers. these operations consist primarily of our consolidated bottling and distribution operations, which are included in our bottling investments operating segment. in certain markets, the company also operates non-bottling finished product operations in which we sell finished beverages to distributors and wholesalers that are generally not one of the company's bottling partners. these operations are generally included in one of our geographic operating segments or our global ventures operating segment. additionally, we sell directly to consumers through retail stores operated by costa. these sales are included in our global ventures operating segment. in the united states, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers, who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who in turn sell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. these fountain syrup sales are included in our north america operating segment.
the following table sets forth the percentage of total net operating revenues attributable to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,                  2021        2020
concentrate operations                 56   %      56   %
finished product operations            44          44
total                                 100   %     100   %
the following table sets forth the percentage of total worldwide unit case volume attributable to concentrate operations and finished product operations:
year ended december 31,                  2021        2020
concentrate operations                 83   %      82   %
finished product operations            17          18
total                                 100   %     100   %
we operate in the highly competitive commercial beverage industry. we face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. we, along with other beverage companies, are affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the cost to manufacture and distribute products, consumer spending, economic conditions, availability and quality of water, consumer preferences, inflation, political climates, local and national laws and regulations, foreign currency fluctuations, fuel prices, weather patterns and the covid-19 pandemic.
throughout 2021, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and the related actions by governments around the world to attempt to contain the spread of the virus continued to impact our business globally. in particular, the number of people contracting covid-19 and the preventive measures taken to contain covid-19, including the spread of new variants, negatively impacted our unit case volume and increased our costs to manufacture and distribute our products. our price, product and geographic mix was also negatively impacted, primarily due to unfavorable channel and product mix as consumer demand shifted to more at-home consumption versus away-from-home consumption. however, the timing and number of people receiving vaccinations, the governmental actions to reopen certain economies around the world, and the substance and pace of the economic recovery favorably impacted our business when compared to 2020. while uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic remain, and factors such as the state of the supply chain, labor shortages and the inflationary environment are likely to impact the pace of the economic recovery, we expect to continue to see improvements in our business as we continue to learn and adapt to the ever-changing environment.
the company's priorities during the covid-19 pandemic and related business disruptions are ensuring the health and safety of our employees; supporting and making a difference in the communities we serve; keeping our brands in supply; maintaining the quality and safety of our products; and serving our customers across all channels as they adapt to the shifting demands of consumers during the pandemic.
throughout the pandemic, business continuity and adapting to the needs of our customers have been critical. we have developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. as of the date of this filing, while we have experienced some temporary supply chain disruptions, there has been no material impact, and we do not foresee a material impact, on our and our bottling partners' ability to manufacture or distribute our products.
despite the pandemic, we are not losing sight of long-term opportunities for our business. the pandemic helped us realize we could be much bolder in our efforts to change. we identified the following key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position us to capture growth: winning more consumers; gaining market share; maintaining strong system economics; strengthening stakeholder impact; and equipping the organization to win. in order to deliver against these objectives, we focused on the following priorities: unlocking the potential of our portfolio of strong global, regional and scaled local brands; developing a robust innovation pipeline focusing on scalable initiatives; increasing consumer-centric marketing effectiveness and efficiency; winning in the marketplace with aligned data-driven revenue growth management and execution capabilities; and further embedding esg goals into our operations. in august 2020, the company announced strategic steps to transform our organizational structure to better enable us to capture growth in the fast-changing marketplace. the company has transformed into a networked global organization designed to combine the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our strategic realignment initiatives.
challenges and risks being global provides unique opportunities for our company. challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of our company and the commercial beverage industry. of these, five key challenges and risks are discussed below.
obesity the rates of obesity affecting communities, cultures and countries worldwide continue to be too high. there is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity. this concern represents a significant challenge to our industry. we understand and recognize that obesity is a complex public health challenge and are committed to being a part of the solution.
we recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. therefore, we continue to:
•offer reduced-, low- and no-calorie beverage options;
•provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of most of our packages;
•provide our beverages in a range of packaging sizes; and
•market responsibly, including no advertising targeted to children under 12.
the heritage of our company is to lead, and innovation is critical for leadership. as such, we are resolute in continuing to innovate and are committed to partnering to find winning solutions in the area of noncaloric sweeteners. this includes working to reduce sugar and calories in many of our beverages. we want to be a helpful and credible partner in the fight against obesity. across the coca-cola system, we are mobilizing our assets in marketing and in community outreach to increase awareness and spur action.
evolving consumer product preferences we are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on-the-go lifestyles and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. as a consequence of these changes, many consumers want more beverage choices, personalization, a focus on sustainability and recyclability, and transparency related to our products and packaging. we are committed to meeting their needs and to generating growth through our evolving portfolio of beverage brands and products (including numerous low- and no-calorie products), selectively expanding into other profitable categories of the commercial beverage industry, innovative and sustainable packaging, and ingredient education efforts. we are also committed to continuing to expand the variety of choices we provide to consumers and to providing options that reflect consumer concerns about impacts to the planet.
evolving competitive landscape and competing in the digital marketplace our company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies. additionally, the rapidly evolving digital landscape and growth of e-commerce in many markets has led to dramatic shifts in consumer shopping habits and patterns. consumers are rapidly embracing shopping via mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, which presents new challenges to maintain the competitiveness and relevancy of our brands. as a result, we must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment and maintain our brand loyalty and market share. in addition, we are increasing our investments in e-commerce to support retail and meal delivery services, offering more package sizes that are fit-for-purpose for online sales, and shifting more consumer and trade promotions to digital.
product safety and quality we strive to meet the highest standards in both product safety and product quality. we are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products. the coca-cola system works every day to share safe and refreshing beverages with consumers around the world. we have rigorous product and ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation that provides new beverage options to satisfy consumers' evolving needs and preferences.
we work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and standards. we stay current with new regulations, industry best practices and marketplace conditions, and we engage with standard-setting and industry organizations. additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies, requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations within the coca-cola system against the same stringent standards. our quality management program also identifies and mitigates risks and drives improvement. in our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as samples of finished products collected from the marketplace.
we perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than 200 countries and territories where our products are sold. we regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain.
environmental and social matters as investors and stakeholders increasingly focus on esg issues, our company and companies across all industries are facing challenges and risks related to, among other things, environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. where these challenges and risks relate to our business, we acknowledge that we have a role to play in developing and implementing solutions related to these important challenges. we have established specific esg goals related to water quality and scarcity; packaging materials used for our products; reduction of added sugar in our beverages; reduction of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions; sustainable agriculture; diversity, equity and inclusion; and human and workplace rights. our ability to achieve our esg goals is dependent on many factors, including, but not limited to, our actions along with the actions of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations, communities, and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control.
see "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our company.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"), which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates relate to the following:
•principles of consolidation
•recoverability of current and noncurrent assets
•pension plan valuations
•revenue recognition
•income taxes management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the company's board of directors. while our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. for a discussion of the company's significant accounting policies, refer to note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
principles of consolidation our company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. additionally, there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. this disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which another entity holds a variable interest is referred to as a "vie." an enterprise must consolidate a vie if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the vie. the primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our company holds interests in certain vies, primarily bottling operations, for which we were not determined to be the primary beneficiary. our variable interests in these vies primarily relate to equity investments, profit guarantees or subordinated financial support. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements. although these financial arrangements resulted in our holding variable interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the vies that most significantly impact the vies' economic performance. creditors of our vies do not have recourse against the general credit of the company, regardless of whether the vies are accounted for as consolidated entities.
we use the equity method to account for investments in companies if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee. our consolidated net income includes our company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. our judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investee includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions.
we eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions, including the intercompany transactions with consolidated vies and the intercompany portion of transactions with equity method investees.
recoverability of current and noncurrent assets our company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic, political and regulatory environments in the countries in which we operate, particularly in developing and emerging markets. refer to the heading "our business - challenges and risks" above and "item 1a. risk factors" in part i of this report. as a result, management must make numerous assumptions, which involve a significant amount of judgment, when performing recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in various regions around the world.
we perform recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. for certain assets, recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for other assets, impairment tests are required at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
the performance of recoverability and impairment tests of current and noncurrent assets involves critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, royalty rates, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, the impact of any supply chain disruptions, inflation, long-term growth rates, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending, proceeds from the sale of assets and customers' financial condition. these factors are even more difficult to estimate as a result of uncertainties associated with the scope, severity and duration of the global covid-19 pandemic and any resurgences of the pandemic, including, but not limited to, the number of people contracting the virus; the impact of shelter-in-place and social distancing requirements; the impact of governmental actions across the globe to contain the virus; vaccine availability, rates of vaccination and effectiveness of vaccines against existing and new variants of the virus; governmental or other vaccine mandates and any associated business and supply chain disruptions; and the substance and pace of the economic recovery. the estimates we use when performing recoverability tests of assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainties associated with the covid-19 pandemic, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. while uncertainties still exist, we expect to see continued improvements in our business as vaccines become more widely available, as vaccination rates increase, and as consumers return to many of their previous work routines as well as socializing and traveling. the company has certain intangible and other long-lived assets that are more dependent on cash flows generated in the away-from-home channels and/or that generate cash flows in geographic areas that are more heavily impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and are therefore more susceptible to impairment. in addition, intangible and other long-lived assets we acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, because they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions at the time of acquisition. if we had used other assumptions and estimates when tests of these assets were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions in future periods, or if different conditions exist in future periods, impairment charges could result. the total future impairment charges we may be required to record could be material. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent acquisitions. refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the discussion of impairment charges. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment.
as of december 31, 2021, the carrying value of our investment in coca-cola bottlers japan holdings inc. ("ccbjhi") exceeded its fair value by $87 million, or 18 percent. based on the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than our carrying value and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, management determined that the decline in fair value was temporary in nature. therefore, we did not record an impairment charge related to the investment.
our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and impairment tests. if an impairment charge is recorded by one of our equity method investees, the company records its proportionate share of such charge as a reduction of equity income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. however, the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate share of such charge may be impacted by items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains.
investments in equity and debt securities we measure all equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the equity method at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of equity securities with readily determinable fair values. for equity securities without readily determinable fair values, we have elected the measurement alternative under which we measure these investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. management assesses each of these investments on an individual basis.
our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. the cost basis is determined by the specific identification method. investments in debt securities that the company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities are included in net income. unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, on available-for-sale debt securities are included in our consolidated balance sheet as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), except for the changes in fair values attributable to the currency risk being hedged, if applicable, which are included in net income.
equity securities with readily determinable fair values that are not accounted for under the equity method and debt securities classified as trading are not assessed for impairment, since they are carried at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. equity method investments, equity securities without readily determinable fair values and debt securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are reviewed each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. when such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. we also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value. the fair values of most of our company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted market prices. for investments in nonpublicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows, estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals, as appropriate. we consider the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. in the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. if management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.
property, plant and equipment certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount or remaining useful life of property, plant and equipment should be assessed, including, among others, the manner or length of time in which the company intends to use the asset, a significant decrease in market value, a significant change in the business climate in a particular market, or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with historical losses and/or projected future losses. when such events or changes in circumstances are present and a recoverability test is performed, we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment charge. the impairment charge recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property, plant and equipment, including appraisals and discounted cash flow models. these appraisals and models include assumptions we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use.
goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets intangible assets are classified into three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization; (2) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization; and (3) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, recoverability tests must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill, impairment tests must be performed at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired.
the performance of recoverability and impairment tests of intangible assets involves critical accounting estimates. these estimates require significant management judgment, include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore, they do not change in isolation. factors that management must estimate include, among others, the economic lives of the assets, sales volume, pricing, royalty rates, cost of raw materials, delivery costs, the impact of any supply chain disruptions, inflation, long-term growth rates, cost of capital, marketing spending, foreign currency exchange rates, tax rates, capital spending, proceeds from the sale of assets and customers' financial condition. these factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. the estimates we use when performing recoverability tests of intangible assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. when performing impairment tests, we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions, which we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use. the estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. the variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions, including uncertainty about future events, and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. if other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed, impairment charges could have resulted. as mentioned above, these factors do not change in isolation and, therefore, we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. furthermore, if management uses different assumptions in future periods or if different conditions exist in future periods, impairment charges could result. refer to the heading "operations review" below for additional information related to our present business environment.
intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, because they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. a deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. additionally, we are required to ensure that the assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use. as a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends, regardless of whether our company's actual cost of capital has changed. therefore, if the cost of capital and/or discount rates change, our company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts.
we perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is generally one level below our operating segments. our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our business. our geographic operating segments are generally subdivided into smaller geographic regions. these geographic regions are our reporting units. our global ventures operating segment includes the results of our costa, innocent and doğadan businesses as well as fees earned pursuant to distribution coordination agreements between the company and monster, each of which is its own reporting unit. the bottling investments operating segment includes all of our consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location. generally, each consolidated bottling operation within our bottling investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
in order to test for goodwill impairment, the company compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, goodwill is written down for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. however, the impairment charge recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. we typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. the assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe a market participant would use. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the impairment testing discussed above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable, management performs a recoverability test of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. these estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. if the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset group, we recognize an impairment charge. the impairment charge recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. we use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash flow models. these models include assumptions we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use.
we test indefinite-lived intangible assets, including trademarks, franchise rights and goodwill, for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. our company performs these annual impairment tests as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. we use a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment tests of indefinite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models. these models include assumptions we believe are consistent with those a market participant would use. for indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. the company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the impairment testing described above. otherwise, the company does not need to perform any further assessment.
pension plan valuations our company sponsors and/or contributes to pension plans covering substantially all u.s. employees. we also sponsor nonqualified, unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain employees in the united states. in addition, our company and its subsidiaries have various pension plans outside the united states.
management is required to make certain critical estimates related to the actuarial assumptions used to determine our net periodic pension cost or income and pension obligations. we believe the most critical assumptions are (1) the discount rate used to determine the present value of the liabilities and (2) the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our actuarial assumptions are reviewed annually, or more frequently to the extent that a settlement or curtailment occurs. changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the measurement of our net periodic pension cost or income and pension obligations.
at each measurement date, we determine the discount rate primarily by reference to rates of high-quality, long-term corporate bonds that mature in a pattern similar to the future benefit payments we anticipate making under the plans.
the company measures the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic pension cost or income by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve to the plans' projected cash flows.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. we also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. our investment objective for our pension assets is to ensure all funded pension plans have sufficient assets to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. as a result, the company periodically revises asset allocations, where appropriate, to seek to improve returns and manage risk.
in 2021, the company's total income related to defined benefit pension plans was $61 million, which included net periodic pension income of $180 million and net charges of $119 million related to settlements, curtailments and special termination benefits. in 2022, we expect our net periodic pension income to be approximately $188 million. the increase in 2022 expected net periodic pension income is primarily due to an increase in the weighted-average discount rate at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020, favorable asset performance in 2021 and a reduction in the number of plan participants arising from our strategic realignment initiatives, partially offset by a decrease in the expected weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption. the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the discount rate would result in a $17 million decrease in our 2022 net periodic pension income. additionally, the estimated impact of a 50 basis-point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result in a $26 million decrease in our 2022 net periodic pension income.
the sensitivity information provided above is based only on changes to the actuarial assumptions used for our u.s. pension plans. as of december 31, 2021, the company's primary u.s. pension plan represented 61 percent and 57 percent of the company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and pension plan assets, respectively. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about our pension plans and related actuarial assumptions.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of the contracts with our customers are satisfied. our performance obligation generally consists of the promise to sell concentrates, syrups or finished products to our bottling partners, wholesalers, distributors or retailers. control of the concentrates, syrups or finished products is transferred upon shipment to, or receipt at, our customers' locations, as determined by the specific terms of the contract. upon transfer of control to the customer, which completes our performance obligation, revenue is recognized. our sales terms generally do not allow for a right of return except for matters related to any manufacturing defects on our part. after completion of our performance obligation, we have an unconditional right to consideration as outlined in the contract. our receivables will generally be collected in less than six months, in accordance with the underlying payment terms. all of our performance obligations under the terms of contracts with our customers have an original duration of one year or less.
our customers and bottling partners may be entitled to cash discounts, funds for promotional and marketing activities, volume‐based incentive programs, support for infrastructure programs and other similar programs. in most markets, in an effort to allow our company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned financial objectives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes, we have implemented an incidence-based concentrate pricing model. under this model, the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished products produced from the concentrates are sold, and package mix. the amounts associated with the arrangements described above represent variable consideration, an estimate of which is included in the transaction price as a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statement of income upon completion of our performance obligations. the total revenue recorded, including any variable consideration, cannot exceed the amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur when uncertainties related to variability are resolved. as a result, we are recognizing revenue based on our faithful depiction of the consideration that we expect to receive. in making our estimates of variable consideration, we consider past results and make significant assumptions related to: (1) customer sales volumes; (2) customer ending inventories; (3) customer selling price per unit; (4) selling channels; and (5) discount rates, rebates and other pricing allowances, as applicable. in gathering data to estimate our variable consideration, we generally calculate our estimates using a portfolio approach at the country and product line level rather than at the individual contract level. the result of making these estimates will impact the line items trade accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet. the actual amounts ultimately paid and/or received may be different from our estimates.
income taxes our annual effective tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. we establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the position becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount; or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. for purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings and caselaw and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3) each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. we adjust these reserves, including any impact on the related interest and penalties, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. refer to the heading "operations review - income taxes" below and note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
a number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. the number of years subject to tax audits or tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. the tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be recognized in income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained; (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation; or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. settlement of any particular issue would usually require the use of cash. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
tax laws require certain items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. as a result, the annual effective tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different from that reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. these timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the book basis and tax basis of assets and liabilities. the tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in effect for the year and for the manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. based on the evaluation of all available information, the company recognizes future tax benefits, such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realizing these benefits is considered more likely than not.
we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and projected future operating results; the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences; taxable income in prior carryback years (if permitted); and the availability of tax planning strategies. a valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that the company will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset.
the company does not record a u.s. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments in foreign subsidiaries to the extent that the basis difference meets the indefinite reversal criteria. these criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the undistributed earnings indefinitely. the decision as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the company intends to maintain in non-u.s. subsidiaries takes into account items including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans, capital improvement programs, merger and acquisition plans, and planned loans to other non-u.s. subsidiaries. the company also evaluates its expected cash requirements in the united states. other factors that can influence that determination are local restrictions on remittances (for example, in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend), economic stability and asset risk. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
operations review our organizational structure consists of the following operating segments: europe, middle east and africa; latin america; north america; asia pacific; global ventures; and bottling investments. our operating structure also includes corporate, which consists of a center and a platform services organization. for additional information regarding our operating segments and corporate, refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands in order to continually improve upon the company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. in addition, we also acquire brands and their related operations or enter into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. these items impact our operating results and certain key metrics used by management in assessing the company's performance.
unit case volume growth is a metric used by management to evaluate the company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. the company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers or consumers and, therefore, reflects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, concentrate sales volume represents the amount of beverages, primarily measured in number of transactions (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents), sold by the company to customers or consumers. refer to the heading "beverage volume" below.
when we analyze our net operating revenues, we generally consider the following factors: (1) volume growth (concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as applicable); (2) changes in price, product and geographic mix; (3) foreign currency fluctuations; and (4) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes defined below), as applicable. refer to the heading "net operating revenues" below. the company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. the ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we do not recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party. when we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. the subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party does not impact the timing of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. when we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to these transactions to the extent of our ownership interest until the equity method investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party. we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups are sold to a third party, regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any.
we generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling operations as "structural changes," which are a component of acquisitions and divestitures. typically, structural changes do not impact the company's unit case volume or concentrate sales volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. we recognize unit case volume for all sales of company beverage products, regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. however, the unit case volume reported by our bottling investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's acquisitions and divestitures.
"acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction. therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to an acquired brand are incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the acquisition of a brand to be a structural change.
"licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the company but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic benefit when the products are sold. typically, the company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to a licensed brand in periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. therefore, in the year that a license agreement is entered into, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume related to a licensed brand are incremental to prior year volume. we generally do not consider the licensing of a brand to be a structural change.
in 2021, the company acquired the remaining ownership interest in ba sports nutrition, llc ("bodyarmor"). the impact of this acquisition has been included in acquisitions and divestitures in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the north america operating segment.
in 2020, the company discontinued our odwalla juice business. the impact of discontinuing our odwalla juice business has been included in acquisitions and divestitures in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the north america operating segment.
beverage volume we measure the volume of company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and (2) concentrate sales. as used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 u.s. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings), with the exception of unit case equivalents for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, which are primarily measured in number of transactions; and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the company and its bottling partners to customers or consumers. unit case volume consists primarily of beverage products bearing company trademarks. also included in unit case volume are certain brands licensed to, or distributed by, our company, and brands owned by coca-cola system bottlers for which our company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit. in addition, unit case volume includes sales by certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest. we believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the coca-cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. the unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the company from its bottling partners and distributors. concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates, syrups, source waters and powders/minerals (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents) sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the company to its bottling partners or other customers. for costa non-ready-to-drink beverage products, concentrate sales volume represents the amount of beverages, primarily measured in number of transactions (in all instances expressed in unit case equivalents), sold by the company to customers or consumers. unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. factors such as seasonality, bottlers' inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. in addition to these items, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals, may give rise to differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates.
information about our volume growth worldwide and by operating segment is as follows:
percent change 2021 versus 2020
unit cases               1,2       concentrate sales worldwide                                      8     %                                 9       %
europe, middle east &amp; africa               9     %                                12       %
latin america                                  6                                       6
north america                                  5                                       7
asia pacific                                  10                                      11
global ventures                               17                                      20
bottling investments                          11                                             n/a bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only.
geographic and global ventures operating segment data reflect unit case volume growth for all bottlers, both consolidated and unconsolidated, and distributors in the applicable geographic areas. global ventures operating segment data also reflects unit case volume growth for costa retail stores.
unit case volume sparkling soft drinks represented 69 percent of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2021 and 2020. trademark coca‐cola accounted for 47 percent of our worldwide unit case volume in both 2021 and 2020. in 2021, unit case volume in the united states represented 17 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume. of the u.s. unit case volume, 61 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 42 percent of u.s. unit case volume. unit case volume outside the united states represented 83 percent of the company's worldwide unit case volume in 2021. the countries outside the united states in which our unit case volumes were the largest were mexico, china, brazil and india, which together accounted for 31 percent of our worldwide unit case volume. of the non-u.s. unit case volume, 71 percent was attributable to sparkling soft drinks. trademark coca-cola accounted for 48 percent of non-u.s. unit case volume.
the coca-cola system sold 31.3 billion and 29.0 billion unit cases of our products in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase was primarily a result of the gradual recovery in away-from-home channels in many markets throughout 2021, along with the larger impact of shelter-in-place and social distancing requirements in 2020.
unit case volume in europe, middle east and africa increased 9 percent, which included 9 percent growth in both trademark coca-cola and sparkling flavors, 17 percent growth in nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages, and 6 percent growth in hydration, sports, coffee and tea. the operating segment reported growth in unit case volume of 7 percent in the europe operating unit, 12 percent in the eurasia and middle east operating unit and 10 percent in the africa operating unit.
in latin america, unit case volume increased 6 percent, which included 5 percent growth in trademark coca-cola, 7 percent growth in hydration, sports, coffee and tea, 6 percent growth in sparkling flavors and 10 percent growth in nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the operating segment's volume performance included 3 percent growth in mexico, 14 percent growth in argentina and 3 percent growth in brazil.
unit case volume in north america increased 5 percent, which included 9 percent growth in sparkling flavors, 6 percent growth in hydration, sports, coffee and tea, 2 percent growth in trademark coca-cola, and 7 percent growth in nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages.
in asia pacific, unit case volume increased 10 percent, which included 11 percent growth in both trademark coca-cola and sparkling flavors, 6 percent growth in hydration, sports, coffee and tea, and 18 percent growth in nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages. the operating segment reported growth in unit case volume of 11 percent in the greater china and mongolia operating unit, 33 percent in the india and southwest asia operating unit, 3 percent in the asean and south pacific operating unit and 2 percent in the japan and south korea operating unit.
unit case volume for global ventures increased 17 percent, driven by 16 percent growth in hydration, sports, coffee and tea, along with growth in energy drinks, partially offset by a decline of 3 percent in nutrition, juice, dairy and plant-based beverages.
unit case volume for bottling investments increased 11 percent, which primarily reflects growth in india, south africa and the philippines.
43
concentrate sales volume in 2021, worldwide concentrate sales volume increased 9 percent and unit case volume increased 8 percent compared to 2020. the differences between concentrate sales volume and unit case volume growth rates on a consolidated basis and for the operating segments were primarily due to the timing of concentrate shipments and the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the company has an ownership interest, but to which the company does not sell concentrates, syrups, source waters or powders/minerals. the timing of concentrate shipments was primarily a result of certain bottlers building inventory due to concerns associated with potential supply chain disruptions.
net operating revenues net operating revenues were $38,655 million in 2021, compared to $33,014 million in 2020, an increase of $5,641 million, or 17 percent.
the following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of the factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in net operating revenues on a consolidated basis and for each of our operating segments:
percent change 2021 versus 2020
volume       price, product &amp; geographic mix       foreign currency fluctuations        acquisitions &amp; divestitures          total consolidated                                 9    %                           6             %                       1           %                         -            %        17    %
europe, middle east &amp; africa            12    %                           6             %                       1           %                         -            %        19    %
latin america                                6                               12                                     -                                     -                     18
north america                                7                                7                                     -                                     -                     15
asia pacific                                11                              (2)                                     3                                     -                     12
global ventures                             20                               13                                     7                                     -                     41
bottling investments                        11                                2                                     2                                     -                     15
note: certain rows may not add due to rounding.
represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments and our global ventures operating segment (expressed in unit case equivalents) after considering the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. for our bottling investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit case volume after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. our bottling investments operating segment data reflects unit case volume growth for consolidated bottlers only after considering the impact of structural changes, if any. refer to the heading "beverage volume" above.
includes structural changes, if any. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above.
refer to the heading "beverage volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate sales volumes.
"price, product and geographic mix" refers to the change in net operating revenues caused by factors such as price changes, the mix of products and packages sold, and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred. the impact of price, product and geographic mix is calculated by subtracting the change in net operating revenues resulting from volume increases or decreases, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and acquisitions and divestitures from the total change in net operating revenues. management believes that providing investors with price, product and geographic mix enhances their understanding about the combined impact that the following items had on the company's net operating revenues: (1) pricing actions taken by the company and, where applicable, our bottling partners; (2) changes in the mix of products and packages sold; (3) changes in the mix of channels where products were sold; and (4) changes in the mix of geographic territories where products were sold. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
price, product and geographic mix had a 6 percent favorable impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. price, product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
•europe, middle east and africa - favorable channel and package mix, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix;
•latin america - favorable pricing initiatives, inflationary pricing in argentina, and favorable channel and package mix;
•north america - favorable pricing initiatives and favorable channel and category mix;
•asia pacific - unfavorable geographic mix, partially offset by favorable product and package mix;
•global ventures - favorable channel mix primarily due to the reopening of costa retail stores, partially offset by unfavorable product mix; and
•bottling investments - favorable price, category and package mix, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix.
the favorable channel and package mix for the year ended december 31, 2021 in all applicable operating segments was primarily a result of the gradual recovery in away-from-home channels in many markets throughout 2021 and the larger impact of shelter-in-place and social distancing requirements in 2020.
foreign currency fluctuations increased our consolidated net operating revenues by 1 percent. this favorable impact was primarily due to a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the british pound sterling, south african rand, euro, chinese yuan and mexican peso, which had a favorable impact on our europe, middle east and africa; asia pacific; latin america; global ventures; and bottling investments operating segments. the favorable impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, brazilian real, turkish lira, ethiopian birr and japanese yen, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america; europe, middle east and africa; asia pacific; and bottling investments operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
"acquisitions and divestitures" generally refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the company considers to be structural changes. the impact of acquisitions and divestitures is the difference between the change in net operating revenues and the change in what our net operating revenues would have been if we removed the net operating revenues associated with an acquisition or a divestiture from either the current year or the prior year, as applicable. management believes that quantifying the impact that acquisitions and divestitures had on the company's net operating revenues provides investors with useful information to enhance their understanding of the company's net operating revenue performance by improving their ability to compare our year-to-year results. management considers the impact of acquisitions and divestitures when evaluating the company's performance. refer to the heading "structural changes, acquired brands and newly licensed brands" above for additional information related to acquisitions and divestitures.
net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume; price, product and geographic mix; foreign currency fluctuations; and acquisitions and divestitures. the size and timing of acquisitions and divestitures are not consistent from period to period. based on current spot rates and our hedging coverage in place, we expect foreign currency fluctuations will have a negative impact on our full year 2022 net operating revenues.
information about our net operating revenues by operating segment and corporate as a percentage of company net operating revenues is as follows:
year ended december 31,                       2021          2020
europe, middle east &amp; africa          17.0   %      16.8   %
latin america                             10.7          10.6
north america                             34.1          34.7
asia pacific                              12.1          12.8
global ventures                            7.3           6.0
bottling investments                      18.6          19.0
corporate                                  0.2           0.1
total                                    100.0   %     100.0   %
the percentage contribution of each operating segment fluctuates over time due to net operating revenues in some operating segments growing at a faster rate compared to other operating segments. for additional information about the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
gross profit margin gross profit margin is a ratio calculated by dividing gross profit by net operating revenues. management believes gross profit margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business prior to considering all of the operating costs incurred. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
our gross profit margin increased to 60.3 percent in 2021 from 59.3 percent in 2020. this increase was primarily due to the impact of favorable pricing initiatives and favorable channel and package mix as well as the gradual recovery in away-from-home channels in many markets throughout 2021, partially offset by the impact of increased commodity and transportation costs. we expect commodity and transportation costs to continue to increase in 2022, and we will continue to proactively take actions in an effort to mitigate the impact of these incremental costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses the following table sets forth the components of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                     2021            2020
selling and distribution expenses                     $2,574          $2,638
advertising expenses                                   4,098           2,777
stock-based compensation expense                         337             126
other operating expenses                               5,135           4,190
selling, general and administrative expenses         $12,144          $9,731
selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2,413 million, or 25 percent, in 2021. this increase was primarily due to higher annual incentive and stock-based compensation expense, increased charitable donations and increased marketing spending, which was reduced in 2020 as a result of uncertainties associated with the covid-19 pandemic. the increase in annual incentive and stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to improved financial performance in 2021 and a more favorable outlook of our future financial performance, which resulted in higher payout assumptions as compared to 2020. in 2021, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased selling, general and administrative expenses by 2 percent.
the decrease in selling and distribution expenses was primarily due to the continued impact of the covid-19 pandemic on away-from-home channels, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $335 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation awards granted under our plans, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years as stock-based compensation expense. this expected cost does not include the impact of any future stock-based compensation awards. refer to note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
other operating charges other operating charges incurred by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                       2021          2020
europe, middle east &amp; africa          $141           $73
latin america                               11            29
north america                               39           379
asia pacific                                12            31
global ventures                              -             4
bottling investments                         -            34
corporate                                  643           303
total                                     $846          $853
in 2021, the company recorded other operating charges of $846 million. these charges primarily consisted of $369 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition, $146 million related to the company's strategic realignment initiatives, $119 million related to the bodyarmor acquisition, which includes various transition and transaction costs, distributor termination fees, employee retention costs and the amortization of noncompete agreements, and $115 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included an impairment charge of $78 million related to a trademark in europe, which was driven by a change in the long-term outlook on the licensing arrangement for a certain brand, charges of $15 million related to tax litigation and a net charge of $4 million related to the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states.
in 2020, the company recorded other operating charges of $853 million. these charges primarily consisted of $413 million related to the company's strategic realignment initiatives and $99 million related to the company's productivity and reinvestment program. in addition, other operating charges included impairment charges of $160 million related to the odwalla trademark and charges of $33 million related to discontinuing the odwalla juice business. other operating charges also included an impairment charge of $55 million related to a trademark in north america, which was driven by the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, revised projections of future operating results and a change in brand focus in the company's portfolio. in addition, other operating charges included $51 million related to the remeasurement of our contingent consideration liability to fair value in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition and $16 million related to the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the bodyarmor and fairlife acquisitions. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the tax litigation. refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the impairment charges. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's strategic realignment initiatives and productivity and reinvestment program. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these charges had on our operating segments and corporate.
operating income and operating margin information about our operating income contribution by operating segment and corporate on a percentage basis is as follows:
year ended december 31,                         2021            2020
europe, middle east &amp; africa            36.2   %        36.8   %
latin america                               24.6            23.5
north america                               32.3            27.5
asia pacific                                22.6            23.7
global ventures                              2.8           (1.4)
bottling investments                         4.6             3.4
corporate                                 (23.1)          (13.5)
total                                      100.0   %       100.0   %
operating margin is a ratio calculated by dividing operating income by net operating revenues. management believes operating margin provides investors with useful information related to the profitability of our business after considering all of the operating costs incurred. management uses this measure in making financial, operating and planning decisions and in evaluating the company's performance.
information about our operating margin on a consolidated basis and by operating segment and corporate is as follows:
year ended december 31,                       2021          2020
consolidated                              26.7   %      27.3   %
europe, middle east &amp; africa          56.9          59.9
latin america                             61.2          60.5
north america                             25.3          21.5
asia pacific                              49.7          50.6
global ventures                           10.5         (6.2)
bottling investments                       6.6           4.9
corporate                                        *             *
*    calculation is not meaningful.
operating income was $10,308 million in 2021, compared to $8,997 million in 2020, an increase of $1,311 million, or 15 percent. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 9 percent, favorable channel and package mix, effective cost management and a favorable currency exchange rate impact, partially offset by higher annual incentive and stock-based compensation expense, increased charitable donations and increased marketing spending.
in 2021, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates favorably impacted consolidated operating income by 2 percent due to a weaker u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the mexican peso, chinese yuan and british pound sterling, which had a favorable impact on our latin america; asia pacific; europe, middle east and africa; and global ventures operating segments. the favorable impact of a weaker u.s. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a stronger u.s. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the argentine peso, brazilian real, turkish lira and japanese yen, which had an unfavorable impact on our latin america; europe, middle east and africa; and asia pacific operating segments. refer to the heading "liquidity, capital resources and financial position - foreign exchange" below.
the company's europe, middle east and africa operating segment reported operating income of $3,735 million and $3,313 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by a 12 percent increase in concentrate sales volume, favorable channel and package mix, and a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 2 percent, partially offset by higher annual incentive expense, increased marketing spending and higher other operating charges.
latin america reported operating income of $2,534 million and $2,116 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 6 percent, favorable pricing initiatives, favorable channel and package mix, and lower other operating charges, partially offset by higher annual incentive expense and increased marketing spending.
operating income for north america for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $3,331 million and $2,471 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 7 percent, favorable pricing initiatives, favorable channel and category mix, effective cost management and lower other operating charges, partially offset by higher annual incentive expense and increased marketing spending.
asia pacific's operating income for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $2,325 million and $2,133 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by concentrate sales volume growth of 11 percent, a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 4 percent and lower other operating charges, partially offset by higher annual incentive expense and increased marketing spending.
global ventures' operating income for the year ended december 31, 2021 was $293 million, while the operating segment's operating loss for the year ended december 31, 2020 was $123 million. the change in operating income was primarily driven by revenue growth as a result of the reopening of costa retail stores in the united kingdom and a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 6 percent.
bottling investments' operating income for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $473 million and $308 million, respectively. the increase in operating income was primarily driven by volume growth of 11 percent, lower other operating charges and favorable price, category and package mix, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impact of 1 percent.
corporate's operating loss for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $2,383 million and $1,221 million, respectively. operating loss in 2021 increased primarily as a result of higher annual incentive and stock-based compensation expense, increased marketing spending, increased charitable donations and higher other operating charges.
interest income interest income was $276 million in 2021, compared to $370 million in 2020, a decrease of $94 million, or 25 percent. this decrease was primarily driven by lower interest rates in certain of our international locations as well as lower investment balances.
interest expense interest expense was $1,597 million in 2021, compared to $1,437 million in 2020, an increase of $160 million, or 11 percent. this increase was primarily due to charges of $650 million in 2021 versus charges of $484 million in 2020 associated with the extinguishment of long-term debt. refer to note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity income (loss) - net equity income (loss) - net represents our company's proportionate share of net income or loss from each of our equity method investees. in 2021, equity income was $1,438 million, compared to equity income of $978 million in 2020, an increase of $460 million, or 47 percent. this increase reflects, among other items, the impact of more favorable operating results reported by most of our equity method investees in 2021, as results in 2020 were more negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, along with a favorable foreign currency exchange rate impact. in addition, the company recorded net charges of $13 million and $216 million during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which represent the company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees.
other income (loss) - net other income (loss) - net includes, among other things, dividend income; gains and losses related to the disposal of property, plant and equipment; gains and losses related to acquisitions and divestitures; non-service cost components of net periodic benefit cost or income for pension and other postretirement benefit plans; other charges and credits related to pension and other postretirement benefit plans; realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities; realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities; other-than-temporary impairment charges; and net foreign currency exchange gains and losses. the foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheet. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in 2021, other income (loss) - net was income of $2,000 million. the company recognized a gain of $834 million in conjunction with the bodyarmor acquisition, a net gain of $695 million related to the sale of our ownership interest in coca-cola amatil limited ("cca"), an equity method investee, to ccep, also an equity method investee, and a net gain of $114 million related to the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee and the sale of a portion of our ownership interest in another equity method investee. additionally, the company recognized a net gain of $467 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities. additionally, other income (loss) - net included income of $277 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit income and dividend income of $73 million. other income (loss) - net also included charges of $266 million related to the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states, pension plan settlement charges of $117 million related to our strategic realignment initiatives and net foreign currency exchange losses of $61 million.
in 2020, other income (loss) - net was income of $841 million. the company recognized a gain of $902 million in conjunction with the fairlife acquisition, which resulted from the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in fairlife to fair value, a net gain of $148 million related to realized and unrealized gains and losses on equity securities and trading debt securities as well as realized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities, and a net gain of $35 million related to the sale of our ownership interest in an equity method investee and the sale of a portion of our ownership interest in another equity method investee. these gains were partially offset by an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $252 million related to ccbjhi, an equity method investee, an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $38 million related to one of our equity method investees in latin america, an impairment charge of $26 million associated with an investment in an equity security without a readily determinable fair value and a net loss of $55 million related to economic hedging activities. the company also recorded net charges of $25 million related to the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states and charges of $14 million for pension and other postretirement benefit plan settlements and curtailments related to the company's strategic realignment initiatives. other income (loss) - net also included income of $171 million related to the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit income, $72 million of dividend income and net foreign currency exchange losses of $64 million.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of our ownership interest in cca and the bodyarmor and fairlife acquisitions. refer to note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on equity and debt securities. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our economic hedging activities. refer to note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the restructuring of our manufacturing operations in the united states and the impairment charges. refer to note 18 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's strategic realignment initiatives. refer to note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements for the impact these items had on our operating segments and corporate.
income taxes our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the united states, which are generally taxed at rates lower than the statutory u.s. rate. as a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the company, certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants, including brazil, costa rica, singapore and eswatini. the terms of these grants expire from 2023 to 2036. we anticipate that we will be able to extend or renew the grants in these locations. tax incentive grants favorably impacted our income tax expense by $381 million and $317 million for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. in addition, our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method.
a reconciliation of the statutory u.s. federal tax rate and our effective tax rate is as follows:
year ended december 31,                                                                                   2021                   2020
statutory u.s. federal tax rate                                                                       21.0   %               21.0   %
state and local income taxes - net of federal benefit                                                  1.1                    1.1
earnings in jurisdictions taxed at rates different from the statutory u.s. federal tax rate            2.3            1       0.9               3
equity income or loss                                                                                (2.0)                  (1.4)
excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation                                                      (0.5)                  (0.8)
other - net                                                                                          (0.8)            2     (0.5)             4,5
effective tax rate                                                                                    21.1   %               20.3   %
1 includes net tax charges of $375 million (or a 3.0 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to changes in tax laws in certain foreign jurisdictions, amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, in various international jurisdictions, as well as other discrete items.
2 includes a tax benefit of $14 million (or a 1.5 percent impact on our effective tax rate) associated with the $834 million gain recorded upon the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in bodyarmor. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
3 includes net tax charges of $110 million (or a 1.1 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, in various international jurisdictions, as well as other agreed-upon audit issues.
4 includes net tax expense of $431 million (or a 4.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to changes in judgment on specific tax positions due to the opinion and amounts required to be recorded for changes to other uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties. also includes a tax benefit of $107 million (or a 1.1 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to changes in our assessment of certain valuation allowances and a net tax benefit of $135 million (or a 1.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to domestic return to provision adjustments and other tax items.
5 includes a tax benefit of $40 million (or a 2.4 percent impact on our effective tax rate) associated with the $902 million gain recorded upon the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in fairlife. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
on november 18, 2020, the tax court issued the opinion regarding the company's 2015 litigation with the irs involving transfer pricing tax adjustments in which the court predominantly sided with the irs. the company disagrees with the opinion and intends to vigorously defend its position. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2021, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $906 million. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit of $600 million, exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. the remaining $306 million primarily represents tax benefits that would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event the company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
a reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                                                  2021                  2020
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year            $915                   $392
increase related to prior period tax positions                          9                    528           1
decrease related to prior period tax positions                       (50)                    (1)
increase related to current period tax positions                       37                     26
decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities               (4)                   (19)
effect of foreign currency translation                                (1)                   (11)
balance of unrecognized tax benefits at end of year                  $906                   $915
1the increase was primarily related to a change in judgment on certain tax positions due to the opinion. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
the company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the line item income taxes on our consolidated statement of income. the company had $453 million and $391 million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. of these amounts, expense of $62 million and $190 million was recognized in 2021 and 2020, respectively. if the company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would be a benefit to the company's effective tax rate.
based on current tax laws, the company's effective tax rate in 2022 is expected to be approximately 20 percent before considering the potential impact of any significant operating and nonoperating items that may affect our effective tax rate.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position we believe our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities is one of the fundamental strengths of our business. refer to the heading "cash flows from operating activities" below. the company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. refer to the heading "cash flows from financing activities" below. we have a history of borrowing funds both domestically and internationally at reasonable interest rates, and we expect to be able to continue to borrow funds at reasonable rates over the long term. our debt financing also includes the use of a commercial paper program. we currently have the ability to borrow funds in this market at levels that are consistent with our debt financing strategy and expect to continue to be able to do so in the future.
the company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and, as a result of this review, during 2021 we issued u.s. dollar- and euro-denominated long-term notes of $6.0 billion and €3.2 billion, respectively, across various maturities. we used a portion of the proceeds from these issuances to extinguish certain tranches of our previously issued long-term debt. refer to note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on these issuances and extinguishments.
the company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities totaled $12.6 billion as of december 31, 2021. in addition to these funds, our commercial paper program and our ability to issue long-term debt, we had $8.1 billion in unused backup lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of december 31, 2021. these backup lines of credit expire at various times from 2022 through 2027.
while uncertainties caused by the covid-19 pandemic remain, we expect to continue to see improvements in our business as vaccines become more widely available. the timing and availability of vaccines will be different around the world, and therefore we believe the pace of the recovery will vary by geography depending on vaccine availability, rates of vaccination and the effectiveness of vaccines against existing and new variants of the virus, along with other macroeconomic factors. we will remain flexible so that we can adjust to uncertainties resulting from the covid-19 pandemic. our current capital allocation priorities are as follows: investing wisely to support our business operations, continuing to grow our dividend payment, enhancing our beverage portfolio and capabilities through opportunistic and disciplined acquisitions, and using excess cash to repurchase shares over time. we currently expect 2022 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.5 billion. during 2022, we also expect to repurchase approximately $500 million of shares in addition to repurchasing shares equivalent to the proceeds from the issuances of stock under our stock-based compensation plans.
we are currently in litigation with the irs for tax years 2007 through 2009. on november 18, 2020, the tax court issued the opinion in which it predominantly sided with the irs; however, a final decision is still pending and the timing of such decision is not currently known. the company strongly disagrees with the irs' positions and the portions of the opinion affirming such positions and intends to vigorously defend our positions utilizing every available avenue of appeal. while the company believes that it is more likely than not that we will ultimately prevail in this litigation upon appeal, it is possible that all, or some portion of, the adjustments proposed by the irs and sustained by the tax court could ultimately be upheld. in the event that all of the adjustments proposed by the irs are ultimately upheld for tax years 2007 through 2009 and the irs, with the consent of the federal courts, were to decide to apply the tax court methodology to the subsequent years up to and including 2021, the company currently estimates that the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability could be approximately $13 billion as of december 31, 2021. additional income tax and interest would continue to accrue until the time any such potential liability, or portion thereof, were to be paid. once the tax court renders a final decision, the company will have 90 days to file a notice of appeal and pay the portion of the potential aggregate incremental tax and interest liability related to the 2007 through 2009 tax years, which we currently estimate to be approximately $4.9 billion (including interest accrued through december 31, 2021), plus any additional interest accrued through the time of payment. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the tax litigation.
while we believe it is more likely than not that we will prevail in the tax litigation discussed above, we are confident that, between our ability to generate cash flows from operating activities and our ability to borrow funds at reasonable interest rates, we can manage the range of possible outcomes in the final resolution of the matter.
based on all of the aforementioned factors, the company believes its current liquidity position is strong and will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for the foreseeable future.
cash flows from operating activities as part of our continued efforts to improve our working capital efficiency, we have worked with our suppliers over the past several years to revisit terms and conditions, including the extension of payment terms. our current payment terms with the majority of our suppliers are 120 days. additionally, two global financial institutions offer a voluntary supply chain finance ("scf") program which enables our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from the company to these financial institutions on a non-recourse basis at a rate that leverages our credit rating and thus may be more beneficial to them. the scf program is available to suppliers of goods and services included in cost of goods sold as well as suppliers of goods and services included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income. the company and our suppliers agree on the contractual terms for the goods and services we procure, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in the scf program. the suppliers sell goods or services, as applicable, to the company and issue the associated invoices to the company based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. then, if they are participating in the scf program, our suppliers, at their sole discretion, determine which invoices, if any, they want to sell to the financial institutions. our suppliers' voluntary inclusion of invoices in the scf program has no bearing on our payment terms. no guarantees are provided by the company or any of our subsidiaries under the scf program. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to participate in the scf program, and we have no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to the scf program. accordingly, amounts due to our suppliers that elected to participate in the scf program are included in the line item accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheet. all activity related to amounts due to suppliers that elected to participate in the scf program is reflected within the operating activities section of our consolidated statement of cash flows. we have been informed by the financial institutions that as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, suppliers had elected to sell $882 million and $703 million, respectively, of our outstanding payment obligations to the financial institutions. the amounts settled through the scf program were $3,237 million and $2,810 million during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we do not believe there is a risk that our payment terms will be shortened in the near future.
in the fourth quarter of 2020, the company started a trade accounts receivable factoring program in certain countries. under this program we can elect to sell trade accounts receivables to unaffiliated financial institutions at a discount. in these factoring arrangements, for ease of administration, the company collects customer payments related to the factored receivables and remits those payments to the financial institutions. the company sold $6,266 million and $185 million of trade accounts receivables under this program during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the costs of factoring such receivables were not material. the cash received from the financial institutions is classified within the operating activities section in our consolidated statement of cash flows.
net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 was $12,625 million and $9,844 million, respectively, an increase of $2,781 million, or 28 percent. this increase was primarily driven by increased operating income, which includes a benefit from our trade accounts receivable factoring program, a favorable impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, lower annual incentive payments in 2021 as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operating performance in 2020, lower payments in 2021 of prior year-end marketing accruals due to lower spending in 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, and lower prepayments to customers in 2021. these items were partially offset by higher payments related to our strategic realignment initiatives along with higher tax payments in 2021.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $2,765 million and $1,477 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
purchases of investments and proceeds from disposals of investments in 2021, purchases of investments were $6,030 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $7,059 million, resulting in a net cash inflow of $1,029 million. in 2020, purchases of investments were $13,583 million and proceeds from disposals of investments were $13,835 million, resulting in a net cash inflow of $252 million. this activity primarily represents the purchases of, and proceeds from the disposals of, investments in marketable securities and short-term investments that were made as part of the company's overall cash management strategy. also included in this activity are purchases of, and proceeds from the disposals of, investments held by our captive insurance companies.
acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2021, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $4,766 million, which primarily related to the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in bodyarmor.
in 2020, the company's acquisitions of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled $1,052 million, which primarily related to the acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in fairlife.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our acquisitions.
proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities in 2021, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $2,180 million, which primarily related to the sale of our ownership interest in cca, an equity method investee, to ccep, also an equity method investee.
in 2020, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities were $189 million, which primarily related to the sale of our ownership interest in piedmont coca-cola bottling partnership to coca-cola consolidated, inc., an equity method investee.
refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our disposals.
purchases of property, plant and equipment purchases of property, plant and equipment during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 were $1,367 million and $1,177 million, respectively.
total capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment and the percentage of such totals by operating segment and corporate were as follows (in millions):
year ended december 31,                         2021            2020
capital expenditures                      $1,367          $1,177
europe, middle east &amp; africa             2.6   %         2.3   %
latin america                                0.1             0.5
north america                               16.7            15.5
asia pacific                                 4.8             1.7
global ventures                             20.8            22.2
bottling investments                        41.0            40.3
corporate                                   14.0            17.6
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $6,786 million and $8,070 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
debt financing our company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. this exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2021, our long-term debt was rated "a+" by standard & poor's and "a1" by moody's. our commercial paper program was rated "a-1" by standard & poor's and "p-1" by moody's. in assessing our credit strength, both rating agencies consider our capital structure (including the amount and maturity dates of our debt) and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the company. in addition, certain rating agencies also consider the financial information of certain bottlers, including ccep, coca-cola consolidated, inc., coca-cola femsa and coca-cola hellenic. while the company has no legal obligation for the debt of these bottlers, the rating agencies believe the strategic importance of the bottlers to the company's business model provides the company with an incentive to keep these bottlers viable. it is our expectation that these rating agencies will continue using this methodology. if our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure, our major bottlers' financial performance, changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength, or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. additionally, if certain bottlers' credit ratings were to decline, the company's equity income could be reduced as a result of the potential increase in interest expense for those bottlers.
we monitor our financial ratios and, as indicated above, the rating agencies consider these ratios in assessing our credit ratings. each rating agency employs a different aggregation methodology and has different thresholds for the various financial ratios. these thresholds are not necessarily permanent, nor are they always fully disclosed to our company.
our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world, enabling us to borrow funds at a low effective cost. this posture, coupled with active management of our mix of short-term and long-term debt as well as our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, results in a lower overall cost of borrowing. our debt management policies, in conjunction with our share repurchase program and investment activity, can result in current liabilities exceeding current assets.
issuances and payments of debt included both short-term and long-term financing activities. during 2021, the company had issuances of debt of $13,094 million, which included $3,391 million of issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and $80 million of net issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less. the company's total long-term debt issuances were $9,623 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2021, the company made payments of debt of $12,866 million, which consisted of $2,357 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and payments of long-term debt of $10,509 million.
during 2020, the company had issuances of debt of $26,934 million, which included $8,260 million of issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and long-term debt issuances of $18,674 million, net of related discounts and issuance costs.
during 2020, the company made payments of debt of $28,796 million, which included $15,292 million of payments related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days and $1,768 million net issuances related to commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less. the company's total payments of long-term debt were $11,736 million.
on december 31, 2021, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, the governing body responsible for regulating libor, ceased to publish certain libor reference rates. however, other libor reference rates, including u.s. dollar overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month maturities will continue to be published through june 2023. in preparation for the discontinuation of libor, we have amended, or will amend, our libor-referencing agreements to either reference the secured overnight financing rate or include mechanics for selecting an alternative rate. we do not plan to enter into variable-rate agreements that reference libor after december 31, 2021.
issuances of stock the issuances of stock in 2021 and 2020 were related to the exercise of stock options by company employees.
share repurchases in 2012, the board of directors authorized a share repurchase plan of up to 500 million shares of the company's common stock. in 2019, our board of directors authorized a new plan for the company to purchase up to an additional 150 million shares of our common stock.
during 2021 and 2020, the company did not repurchase common stock under the share repurchase plan authorized by our board of directors. since the inception of our share repurchase program in 1984, we have purchased 3.5 billion shares of our common stock at an average price per share of $17.25. in addition to shares repurchased under the share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, the company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. the company's treasury stock activity during 2021 resulted in a cash outflow of $111 million.
dividends the company paid dividends of $7,252 million and $7,047 million during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
at its february 2022 meeting, our board of directors increased our regular quarterly dividend to $0.44 per share, equivalent to a full year dividend of $1.76 per share in 2022. this is our 60th consecutive annual increase. our annualized common stock dividend was $1.68 per share and $1.64 per share in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2021, the company's contractual obligations, including payments due by period, were as follows (in millions):
payments due by period total            2022         2023-2024         2025-2026          2027 and thereafter short-term loans and notes payable:
commercial paper borrowings                              $2,462          $2,462              $-                $-                $-
lines of credit and other short-term borrowings             845             845               -                 -                 -
current maturities of long-term debt                      1,333           1,333               -                 -                 -
long-term debt, net of current maturities                37,846               -           2,192             1,732            33,922
estimated interest payments                              10,648             620           1,125             1,059             7,844
accrued income taxes                                      3,594             686           1,709             1,199                 -
purchase obligations                                     21,118          12,569           2,316             1,617             4,616
marketing obligations                                     3,589           2,331             623               326               309
lease obligations                                         1,688             330             526               351               481
acquisition obligations                                   1,716             795             564               357                 -
held-for-sale obligations                                   264             238              15                 3                 8
total contractual obligations                           $85,103         $22,209          $9,070            $6,644           $47,180
refer to note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding short-term loans and notes payable. upon payment of outstanding commercial paper, we typically issue new commercial paper. lines of credit and other short-term borrowings are expected to fluctuate depending upon current liquidity needs, especially at international subsidiaries.
refer to note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding long-term debt. we will consider several alternatives for settling this long-term debt, including the use of cash flows from operating activities, issuance of commercial paper or issuance of other long-term debt. the table above shows expected cash payments to be made by the company and excludes the noncash portion of debt, including any fair market value adjustments, unamortized discounts and premiums.
we calculated estimated interest payments for our long-term debt based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for our variable-rate debt, we have assumed the december 31, 2021 rate for all periods presented. we expect to fund such interest payments with cash flows from operating activities and/or short-term borrowings.
refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for information regarding income taxes. accrued income taxes include $3,294 million related to the one-time transition tax required by the tax reform act. liabilities of $1,347 million for unrecognized tax benefits plus accrued interest and penalties were not included in the total above. currently, the settlement period for the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be determined. in addition, any payments related to unrecognized tax benefits may be partially or fully offset by reductions in payments in other jurisdictions.
purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. these agreements include long-term contractual obligations, open purchase orders, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. we expect to fund these purchase obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
we expect to fund these marketing obligations with cash flows from operating activities.
represents obligations related to our acquisitions of fairlife and bodyarmor. refer to note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
represents liabilities and contractual obligations of the company's bottling operations that are classified as held for sale.
the total accrued liability for pension and other postretirement benefit plans recognized as of december 31, 2021 was $1,497 million. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is impacted by, among other items, net periodic benefit cost or income, plan funding levels, plan amendments, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and the investment return on plan assets. because the accrued liability does not represent expected liquidity needs, we did not include this amount in the table above.
we expect to make all contributions to our pension trusts with cash flows from operating activities. our pension plans are generally funded in accordance with local laws and tax regulations. the company expects to contribute $26 million in 2022 to our pension trusts, all of which will be allocated to our international plans. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include our estimated contributions to our pension trusts in the table above.
as of december 31, 2021, the projected benefit obligation of the u.s. qualified pension plans was $5,486 million, and the fair value of the plans' assets was $5,383 million. the projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the u.s. qualified pension plans was $3,094 million, and the fair value of the plans' assets was $3,522 million. the company sponsors various
55
unfunded pension plans outside the united states as well as certain unfunded u.s. nonqualified pension plans. these u.s. nonqualified pension plans provide, for certain employees, benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the internal revenue code of 1986. the expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table above. however, we anticipate annual benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans to be approximately $63 million for 2022 through 2027. thereafter, the expected annual benefit payments will decrease. refer to note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the company's risk of catastrophic loss. our reserves for the company's self-insured losses are estimated using actuarial methods and assumptions of the insurance industry, adjusted for our specific expectations based on our claims history. as of december 31, 2021, our self-insurance reserves totaled $229 million. refer to note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we did not include estimated payments related to our self-insurance reserves in the table above.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2021 were $2,821 million. refer to note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this amount is not included in the table above because we believe that presentation would not be meaningful. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the underlying assets or liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future years. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, because this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2021, we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $440 million, of which $93 million was related to vies. these guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers and vendors and have arisen through the normal course of business. these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees is individually significant. these amounts represent the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees. however, management has concluded that the likelihood of any significant amounts being paid by our company under these guarantees is not probable. as of december 31, 2021, we were not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity, and we did not have any retained or contingent interest in assets as defined above.
foreign exchange our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks, including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments as well as to fluctuations in currencies.
in 2021, we used 70 functional currencies in addition to the u.s. dollar. due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weakness in some of these currencies may be offset by strength in others.
in 2021 and 2020, the weighted-average exchange rates for foreign currencies in which the company conducted operations (all operating currencies), and for certain individual currencies, strengthened (weakened) against the u.s. dollar as follows:
year ended december 31,               2021          2020
all operating currencies             2   %       (4)   %
australian dollar                   10   %       (2)   %
brazilian real                     (4)          (23)
british pound sterling               3             1
euro                                               1
japanese yen                       (2)             2
mexican peso                                    (10)
south african rand                   6          (18)
the percentages in the table above do not include the effects of our hedging activities and, therefore, do not reflect the actual impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results. our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate, over time, a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on our net income and earnings per share.
the total currency impact on net operating revenues, including the effect of our hedging activities, was an increase of 1 percent in 2021 and a decrease of 2 percent in 2020. the total currency impact on income before income taxes, including the effect of our hedging activities, was an increase of 2 percent in 2021 and a decrease of 6 percent in 2020.
foreign currency exchange gains and losses are primarily the result of the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities from certain currencies into functional currencies. the effects of the remeasurement of these assets and liabilities are partially offset by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheet. refer to note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements. foreign currency exchange gains and losses are recorded in the line item other income (loss) - net in our consolidated statement of income. refer to the heading "operations review - other income (loss) - net" above. the company recorded net foreign currency exchange losses of $61 million and $64 million during the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
impact of inflation and changing prices inflation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. in general, we believe that, over time, we will be able to increase prices to counteract the majority of the inflationary effects of increasing costs and to generate sufficient cash flows to maintain our productive capability.