The company believes that its strategy to drive long-term shareholder value includes pursuing growth through product development, distribution expansion, and digital advancements to improve the customer experience. The company expects that continued investment in IT and digital advancements will result in moderately higher expense ratios for Aflac Japan. The company anticipates that the shift in earned premium from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products will continue, which will require leveraging technology to enhance operational efficiency and customer access. Customer expectations and preferences are changing, indicating that existing customers and potential customers seek cost-effective solutions that can be accessed through technology-enabled devices. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform the firm into a competitive force. The company has stated that its efforts will support prudent strategies for capital deployment with a focus on digital distribution and leveraging the company's brand, distribution, and scale. The company has also entered into a basic agreement with Japan Post Holdings to consider new joint initiatives, including leveraging digital technology in various processes. The company’s investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure, which is critical for managing financial activities and ensuring operational flexibility. The governance framework supporting liquidity, capital, and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve all significant capital-related decisions, reflecting the company's commitment to strategic resource allocation. The company’s global information security program is designed to monitor existing and emerging threats and ensure that the company's information assets and customer data are protected from loss or theft. The board has delegated oversight of the information security program to the audit and risk committee, emphasizing the importance of information management capability. The company’s investment in digital technologies is aimed at enhancing customer experience and developing new markets, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and market agility. The company’s operational strategies include investments in advanced technology to improve efficiency and customer engagement, aligning with the evolving business environment and competitive dynamics. The company evaluates its financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor cumulative currency impacts on book value and the currency-neutral operating performance over time. The anticipated increase in investment income is expected to be partially offset by increased costs associated with continued investment in corporate ventures initiatives, highlighting the interconnectedness of IT capabilities and financial performance. The company is committed to maintaining a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets and a U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen, which is crucial for managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and ensuring organizational effectiveness.