We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating, and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing, and risk-mitigation consulting services. We also provide these services through, or in conjunction with, other unrelated agents and brokers, consultants, and management advisors. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions. We provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, and small underwriting enterprises, including claims and loss processing assistance, feasibility studies, actuarial studies, data analytics, and other administrative services. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that the net cash flow impact of our clean energy investments will be positive overall. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $146.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and expansions and updating computer systems and equipment. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2019 compared to 2018 was due to decreases in payments on acquisition earnouts in excess of original estimates, income tax payments, and discretionary contributions made to our defined benefit plan in 2018. The increase in operating expense in 2019 compared to 2018 was due primarily to increases in technology expenses, outside consulting fees, and costs related to divestitures. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our capital expenditures include amounts incurred related to investments made in information technology and software development projects. We recognize that the insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. Our investment in chem-mod LLC generates royalty income from refined coal production plants owned by those limited liability companies in which we invest, as well as from refined coal production plants owned by other unrelated parties. We believe that our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We expect that our international revenue as a percentage of our total revenues in 2020 will be comparable to 2019. Our technology expenses have increased due to the need for operational efficiency and the integration of technology systems across our operations.