The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations highlight that our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, requiring estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We anticipate that our churn rate in India will move closer to historical levels over time and result in reduced impacts on our property revenue, gross margin, and operating profit. Our site portfolio and established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon maintaining recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operational efficiencies. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants that are material to our financial results and liquidity. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. Our revenue is derived from leasing the right to use our communications sites and the land on which the sites are located, with most revenue accounted for as lease revenue unless the timing and pattern of revenue recognition of the non-lease component differs. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk. The carrying values of our tower portfolio and network location intangibles in India could be impacted by changes in estimated cash flows from tenants, particularly due to the ongoing carrier consolidation and regulatory developments. We expect that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, compelling our tenants to deploy additional equipment across their existing networks. We believe that the network technology migration seen in the United States will be replicated in our less advanced international markets over time, allowing us to leverage our extensive international portfolio of communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants to drive sustainable, long-term growth.