Arista Networks pioneered software-driven, cognitive cloud networking for large-scale data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that cloud networking will continue to replace legacy network technologies across data center and campus environments. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. We expect our revenue may vary from period to period based on, among other things, the timing, size, and complexity of orders, especially with respect to our large end customers. Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor support costs, and an allocated portion of facility and IT costs, including depreciation. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to a $17.2 million increase in personnel costs driven primarily by headcount growth, and a $7.8 million increase in development-related facilities costs due to facilities expansion and headcount growth. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. Today, we combine our EOS software with merchant silicon into a family of switching and routing products. This enables us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. We have also been profitable and operating cash flow positive for each year since 2010. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our end customers and our ability to sell these products to new and existing customers, including an increase in sales in the enterprise data center switching, campus, and Wi-Fi networking markets. We intend to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively, increase sales to existing customers, and provide services and support. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in our rapid development of new features and applications. We continue to experience pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, but demand for our products and growth in our installed base has more than offset this pricing pressure during the year. However, we have experienced reduced and volatile demand from certain of our large end customers during 2019, and expect this could continue in future periods, which could impact our future revenue growth.