The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. The primary end markets for our products are information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video and data communications. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification and developing high technology performance-enhancing interconnect solutions. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies and expanding into lower cost areas. In 2019, net sales to the information technology and data communications market slightly increased, driven primarily by contributions from acquisitions and organic growth of sales to data center customers, offset by moderations in market demand for storage and networking related products. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends and reduce indebtedness. The company has focused its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The sales growth was driven by strong growth in the military and commercial aerospace markets as well as contributions from the company's acquisition program. The company has made significant investments in its technology resources to enhance its capabilities and improve operational efficiency. The company’s ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, with operating cash flow increasing primarily due to a lower usage of cash related to the change in working capital. The company’s strategic management practices include fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management and pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments. The company’s investments in modern manufacturing technologies and research and development are aimed at enhancing its competitive positioning and operational flexibility. The company’s focus on technology innovation and product development is essential for maintaining its market-based performance and responding to evolving business needs. The company has also emphasized the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform itself into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in supporting its business strategies and work processes.