We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage, and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. We have strategically developed relationships with large global electronic component distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relationships based on their respective product ranges. Our direct sales force focuses on supporting our large OEM customers and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customer's organization. Many of our major customer relationships have been in place for many years and are often the result of years of collaborative product development. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We expect to incur additional research and development expense in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any future acquisitions we may make. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. Our total net revenue increased primarily due to the acquisition of CA in fiscal year 2019. Net revenue from our infrastructure software segment increased primarily due to contributions from our CA mainframe and enterprise software products. Gross margin was $12,483 million for fiscal year 2019 compared to $10,733 million for fiscal year 2018. Research and development expense increased $928 million, or 25%, in fiscal year 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of CA and higher stock-based compensation expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased $653 million, or 62%, in fiscal year 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of CA and higher stock-based compensation expense. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any further acquisitions we may make. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.