Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The rates our regulated businesses charge customers for energy and services are based in large part on the costs of business operations, including income taxes and a return on capital, and are subject to regulatory approval. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, and the timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results. We engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. Our insurance businesses possess two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of berkshire's chairman and ceo and berkshire's corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held strategy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the operating results of our insurance operations. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-u.s. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our u.s. based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We utilize a variety of techniques in establishing claim liabilities, and all techniques require significant judgments and assumptions. Our claim liability estimation process for short-tail lines utilizes a combination of the paid and incurred loss development methods and the incurred and paid loss bornhuetter-ferguson methods. For our long-tail lines, we may rely on different methods depending on the maturity of the business, with estimates for the most recent years being based on priced loss expectations and more mature years reflecting the paid or incurred development pattern indications. We also periodically conduct detailed reviews of individual client claims, which may cause us to adjust our case estimates. Our claim liability estimates recorded at the end of the year reflect the most recent frequency and severity results. Future development of recorded liabilities will depend on whether actual frequency and severity are more or less than anticipated.