We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic devices and systems, SOCs, ICs, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. Our strategy, which we call Intelligent System DesignTM, is to provide the technologies necessary for our electronic system and semiconductor customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets including mobile, consumer, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, and medical segments. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. We combine our products and technologies into categories related to major design activities, which include functional verification, digital IC design and signoff, custom IC design and simulation, system interconnect and analysis, and IP. The aggregate cash consideration for our acquisitions of approximately $195 million will be allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition dates. These acquisitions enhance our technology portfolio to address growing RF/microwave design activity, driven by expanding use of 5G communications. We expect these acquisitions will result in more expenses, including amortization of acquired intangible assets, than revenue during fiscal 2020. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Our fiscal 2019 results reflect increased product and maintenance revenue resulting from overall growth in each geographic area, particularly in China and other Asia, and increased IP revenue. This demand has resulted in revenue growth in each geographic area and each of our five product categories, driven by increased investments by our customers in new, complex designs for their products that include the design of electronic systems for AI, 5G networks, aerospace and defense, automotive, cloud data center, and other market segments. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, which are influenced by changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, foreign exchange rate movements, stock-based compensation, restructuring activities, and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by operating results. Our operating expenses for fiscal 2019 and 2018 reflect increases in marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, primarily due to additional headcount as a result of hiring. We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. The increase in our net working capital is primarily due to improved results from operations, the timing of cash receipts from customers, and disbursements made to vendors. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. The allocation of the purchase price requires us to make significant estimates in determining the fair values of these acquired assets and assumed liabilities, especially with respect to intangible assets and goodwill. These estimates can include the cash flows that an acquired business is expected to generate in the future, the cash flows that specific assets acquired with that business are expected to generate in the future, and the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital.