We are the second largest cable operator in the United States and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet and voice services to approximately 29.2 million residential and small and medium business customers. We remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services packaged with attractive pricing. We expect our insourced, high-quality workforce will continue to drive an improved customer experience which will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes, and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls per customer relationship. With the completion of our all-digital conversion, roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology across our footprint, and the integration of TWC and Bright House substantially complete, we have experienced a meaningful reduction in cable capital expenditures as a percent of revenue and expect continued lower cable capital intensity. We launched our mobile product, Spectrum Mobile, under our MVNO reseller agreement with Verizon, which we believe lowers the cost for consumers of switching mobile carriers, and reduces the short-term working capital impact of selling new mobile devices on installment plans. We expect these developments, along with the launch of 5G service offerings, to contribute to the growth of our mobile business. We also continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. We plan to use our Wi-Fi network in conjunction with additional unlicensed, and potentially licensed, spectrum to improve network performance and expand capacity to offer consumers a superior mobile service at a lower total cost. We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. As we continue to grow our mobile service and scale the business, we expect continued negative impacts to adjusted EBITDA, as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, which decreased primarily due to lower customer premise equipment expenditures and lower scalable infrastructure as a result of the completion of the roll-out of DOCSIS 3.1 technology. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our leverage ratio was 4.5 times adjusted EBITDA as of December 31, 2019. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps or dispositions against our objectives including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.