The results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. In particular, consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which has and likely will continue to reduce the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks even as it makes high-speed internet services more important to consumers. The increasing number of entertainment choices available to consumers has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been viewed by consumers. This increase has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines at our programming channels. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. Revenue increased in 2019 primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers. The remaining increase in revenue in 2019 was due to an increase in average rates. We also deploy wireless gateways to customers that combine an internet and voice modem with a Wi-Fi router to deliver reliable internet speeds and enhanced coverage through an in-and-out-of-home Wi-Fi network. Customers with xFi-enabled wireless gateways may also personalize and manage their Wi-Fi network remotely, which includes viewing and changing their Wi-Fi password, identifying which devices are connected to their in-home network, setting parental controls and schedules, advanced security, as well as other features. We continue to focus on growing our higher-margin businesses, particularly residential high-speed internet and business services, and on improving losses related to our wireless phone service and overall operating cost management. Our service offerings for small business locations primarily include high-speed internet services, as well as voice and video services, that are similar to those provided to residential customers, as well as cloud-based cybersecurity services, wireless backup connectivity, advanced Wi-Fi solutions, video monitoring services and cloud-based services that provide file sharing, online backup and web conferencing, among other features. We also offer ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options to medium-sized customers and larger enterprises, as well as advanced voice services, along with video solutions that serve hotels and other large venues. In addition, we provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help them manage their network bandwidth. We have expanded our service offerings to include a software-defined networking product for medium-sized and enterprise customers. Our management and board of directors use adjusted EBITDA as the primary basis to measure the operational strength and performance of our businesses as well as to assist in the evaluation of underlying trends in our businesses. This measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. We expect our capital expenditures for 2020 will be focused on the continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment; increased investment in line extensions for the expansion of both business services and residential; and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud DVR technology, Sky Q, and international OTT platforms.