We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have significantly upgraded our capabilities by completing the rollout of digital pickup shelves, digitizing almost all of our digital-make lines, and expanding our delivery capabilities to over 98% of our store base. Digital sales from out-of-restaurant orders, including delivery orders, increased 7.1% to 18.0% of revenue for the full year 2019, an increase from 10.9% of revenue for the full year 2018. General and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2019, primarily due to a $9.5 million to support our restaurant growth and digitizing our restaurant experience. We expect approximately $140 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants, including updated equipment, technology, remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our digital make lines and other restaurant equipment. Our total capital expenditures for 2019 were $333.9 million. In 2019, we spent on average about $1.0 million in development and construction costs per new restaurant, or about $0.9 million net of landlord reimbursements of $0.1 million. For new restaurants to be opened in 2020, we anticipate average development costs will increase due to strategic initiatives planned in new restaurants such as design updates or the addition of chipotlanes. We expect a portion of our capital expenditures for the year to be incurred for additional corporate initiatives including building corporate offices, a culinary and training center, rebuilding our mobile app, and other projects. Our restaurant operating costs as a percentage of revenue decreased primarily due to comparable restaurant sales increases, partially offset by higher food costs across many items and food expenses related to the launch of chipotle rewards, as well as wage inflation and increased delivery expenses. The significant factors contributing to the revenue increase in 2019 were comparable restaurant sales increases and new restaurant openings. Comparable restaurant sales increased 11.1% as a result of a 7.0% increase in comparable restaurant transactions and a 4.1% increase in average check. The increase in average check includes a benefit from menu price increases that were implemented at the end of 2018 and a benefit from menu price increases implemented at the end of 2019. We have closed or relocated 51 chipotle restaurants and five pizzeria locale restaurants in connection with this initiative. We do not expect any other material costs to be incurred in connection with the planned restaurant closures. We expect our full year 2020 comparable restaurant sales to be in the mid-single digit range. The discussion contains forward-looking statements involving risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause our results to differ materially from expectations. Factors that might cause such differences include those described in item 1a. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. Our operations are affected by inflation in areas such as food, labor, rent, healthcare costs, fuel, utility costs, and materials used in the construction of our restaurants. We have largely been able to offset inflationary increases with menu price increases. If we do raise menu prices in the future, general competitive pressures or negative consumer responses may limit our ability to completely recover cost increases attributable to inflation.