Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. We generated $3.2 billion of operating cash flows in 2019, compared to $2.4 billion in 2018. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems, and new power, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. Research, development, and engineering expenses increased primarily due to higher compensation expenses driven by headcount growth, including increased staffing for the new power segment. Our research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines, and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid, and hydrogen powertrain solutions. We expect to realize annualized savings from restructuring and other actions of approximately $250 million to $300 million. The increase in gross margin was mainly due to lower warranty costs, favorable pricing, and lower material costs, partially offset by lower volumes and unfavorable impacts from tariffs. We expect to incur $116 million in cash payments in 2020 related to restructuring actions. The new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for all of our power systems, components, and subsystems. The increase in segment EBITDA was primarily due to higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations and restructuring actions. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations, and restructuring actions. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We are evaluating the potential impact of the replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate, including risk management, internal operational readiness, and monitoring the financial accounting standards board standard-setting process to address financial reporting issues that might arise in connection with the transition from LIBOR to a new benchmark rate.