Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Our net income decreased by $469 million to $5.5 billion in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily driven by higher non-interest expense due to continued investments in technology and infrastructure, expenses related to the Walmart partnership, and increased marketing expense. Non-interest expense increased by $581 million to $15.5 billion in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to continued investments in technology and infrastructure. We expect modest improvements in full-year operating efficiency ratio in 2020, with a bigger move down to 42% in 2021, driven by operating efficiency ratio improvement. The provision for credit losses increased by $380 million to $6.2 billion in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily driven by credit deterioration in our commercial energy loan portfolio and an allowance release in our auto loan portfolio in 2018. Our allowance for loan and lease losses remained substantially flat at $7.2 billion as of December 31, 2019, as an allowance release in our domestic credit card loan portfolio largely due to the strong economy and stable underlying credit performance was offset by an allowance build due to credit deterioration in our commercial energy loan portfolio. The allowance coverage ratio decreased by 23 basis points to 2.71% as of December 31, 2019, primarily driven by the strong economy and stable underlying credit performance in our domestic credit card loan portfolio and the impacts from partner loss sharing arrangements, offset by higher reserves in our commercial banking business. We provide a more detailed discussion of our financial performance in the sections following this executive summary and business outlook. The adoption of the current expected credit loss model is expected to increase our reserves for credit losses by approximately $2.9 billion. We expect the recently finalized tailoring rules will provide a tailwind to our capital reduction under stress and believe there is an opportunity for capital relief under the stress capital buffer proposed rule. Our business segments are defined primarily based on the products and services provided or the types of customers served, and we regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods. We recognize the criticality of managing operational risk on both a strategic and day-to-day basis and have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and includes elements such as governance and accountability, risk identification, assessment, measurement and response, monitoring and testing, and aggregation, reporting, and escalation. Our technology infrastructure supports risk data and enabling technology, which provides the basis for risk reporting and is used in decision-making and to monitor and review changes to our risk profile. We manage our interest rate risk primarily by entering into interest rate swaps and other derivative instruments, including caps, floors, options, futures, and forward contracts, and we regularly evaluate, update, and enhance our assumptions, models, and analytical tools as we believe appropriate to reflect our best assessment of the market environment and the expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities.