We deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health. Our operations are comprised of the pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment and other operating segments that focus on global commercialization services and animal health. The pharmaceutical distribution services segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Additionally, it delivers packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers. Distribution, selling, and administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in costs to support revenue growth, including costs related to the implementation of new information technology systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 included costs associated with technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems. We currently expect our revenue growth percentage to be in the mid to high-single digits in fiscal 2020, with future revenue growth affected by various factors, including industry growth trends and competition within the industry. Our effective tax rates were impacted by legal settlements and the impairment of long-lived assets, which changed the mix of domestic and international income. The pharmaceutical distribution services gross profit increased primarily due to the increase in revenue largely due to strong specialty product sales and the consolidation of profarma and h.d. smith. The increase in gross profit was also favorably impacted by gains from antitrust litigation settlements. We recorded a $570.0 million impairment of pharmedium's long-lived assets, which was influenced by the suspension of production activities at our compounding facility and regulatory matters. Our operating income decreased primarily due to the impairment and an increase in operating expenses. We utilize days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance, which can be impacted by the timing of cash receipts and disbursements. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly based on fluctuations in working capital, and we expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2020, including costs related to new facilities and various technology initiatives. We have a multi-currency revolving credit facility and a receivables securitization facility that provide sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements. The implementation of new information technology systems has resulted in duplicate costs, which have impacted our financial performance. Our business transformation efforts include integrating acquisitions and managing operational efficiencies, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the market. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force.