We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of executive management, accounting, data processing, sales personnel, human resources, professional fees, information technology, and marketing expenses. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Included in capital expenditures were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. Capitalized software development costs were $6.1 million, $7.4 million, and $7.1 million for fiscal 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2019 of $5.0 million, or 2.8% as compared to fiscal 2018 came primarily from an increase in the U.S. of $7.7 million, partially offset by a decrease in international of $2.7 million, primarily from the fiscal 2018 impact of payroll taxes from the exercise of employee stock options. The increase in yard operations expenses for fiscal 2019 of $41.2 million, or 4.9% as compared to fiscal 2018 resulted from an increase in the U.S. of $20.8 million, primarily from growth in volume and a $6.8 million increase in depreciation. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The adoption of ASC 606 represented a change in the timing of revenue recognition for certain service revenues, such as inbound transportation and titling fees, which were previously recognized under ASC 605 when the services were performed. We began deferring the inbound transportation costs and titling fees directly associated with the vehicles within our vehicle pooling costs. We evaluate the impairment of goodwill for our reporting units annually or on an interim basis if certain indicators are present, either through a quantitative or qualitative analysis.