The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The company has made significant investments in its transformation and enterprise modernization programs. The health care benefits segment offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical management capabilities and health information technology products and services. The company has four reportable segments: pharmacy services, retail/ltc, health care benefits, and corporate/other. The pharmacy services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, and clinical services. The retail/ltc segment provides health care services through its minuteclinic walk-in medical clinics and conducts long-term care pharmacy operations. The company has approximately 9,900 retail locations and approximately 1,100 minuteclinic locations. The company expects the pharmacy services segment to benefit from continued improvements in purchasing economics and enterprise modernization, partially offset by net selling season losses and continued price compression. The retail/ltc segment is expected to benefit from projected adjusted script growth driven by the continued successful execution of patient care programs. The health care benefits segment is expected to benefit from government services membership growth, including projected above-industry growth in its Medicare Advantage products and new Medicaid contract wins, as well as integration synergies that will continue to disproportionately benefit this segment. The company believes it is on track to achieve its 2020 target of $800-900 million of synergies from the Aetna acquisition. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, and capital expenditure requirements. The company maintains a level of liquidity sufficient to allow it to meet its cash needs in the short term. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, and potential future borrowings will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives. The company has entered into several interest rate swap and treasury lock transactions to manage interest rate risk. The company uses derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate and foreign exchange risk and credit exposure. The company’s segments maintain separate financial information, and the chief operating decision maker evaluates the segments' operating results on a regular basis in deciding how to allocate resources among the segments and in assessing segment performance. The company believes that its investments in technology and information systems capabilities are essential to support its business strategies and enhance operational efficiencies. The company’s ability to leverage its IT capabilities effectively has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force.