Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We continue to focus on disciplined capital deployment through profitable organic loan growth and execution of our capital plan. Total expenses are expected to increase reflecting continued investment in brand awareness and technological capabilities. The increase in professional fees was primarily driven by higher collection fees resulting from increased recoveries, as well as investments in technological capabilities. Information processing and communications was higher due to continued investment in infrastructure and analytic capabilities. We monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. The discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit and debit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. Pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to ATMs domestically and internationally, as well as merchant acceptance throughout the U.S. for debit card transactions. Our marketing strategy is focused on adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. For credit cards, we are also focused on increasing utilization with existing customers. We expect the total net charge-off rate to increase primarily due to the seasoning of recent loan growth. The adoption of the current expected credit loss ("CECL") approach will increase the allowance for loan losses. We anticipate that DFS and Discover Bank will continue to meet requirements to be "well-capitalized" upon adoption of the standard. Our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants, and issuers. The increase in transaction processing revenue was due to greater transaction volume on the pulse network. Discover card sales volume was $146.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2019, which was an increase of 5.1% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2018. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The ALCO monitors the liquidity risk profiles of DFS and Discover Bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. We utilize early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. The ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the ALCO regularly. The current expected credit loss approach requires our allowance for loan losses to be based on an estimate of all expected credit losses over the remaining contractual term of all of the loans, as opposed to an estimate of incurred losses as of the balance sheet date. We have been notified that we are subject to the CCAR quantitative process in 2020.