Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to make opportunistic strategic investments. This strategy includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We believe our business is well positioned with a broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings, a balanced supply of finished lots, land and homes, a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, and experienced personnel across our operating markets. We remain focused on growing our revenues and profitability, generating consistently strong annual cash flows from operations and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is tied closely to each market's economy. Therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. If the U.S. economy continues to grow, we expect to see solid housing demand, concentrated in markets where job growth is occurring and new home prices remain affordable relative to household incomes. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our homebuilding segment's inventories at September 30, 2019, included construction in progress and finished homes, residential land/lots developed and under development, land held for development, and land held for sale. We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our homebuilding operations employed 6,810 and 6,419 employees at September 30, 2019, and 2018, respectively. We attempt to control our SG&A costs while ensuring that our infrastructure adequately supports our operations; however, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current SG&A expense as a percentage of revenues. Our financial services operations employed 1,924 and 1,919 employees at September 30, 2019, and 2018, respectively. The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. We believe our operating strategy will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength. Our ability to achieve our long-term growth objectives will depend on our ability to obtain financing in sufficient capacities. As market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity.