Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our portfolio included 225 data centers, with approximately 36.6 million rentable square feet, including approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns. Our ability to maintain or improve the occupancy rates of currently leased space and to lease currently available space depends on several factors, including supply and demand and market rates for data center space. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply and continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. Our turn-key flex® product is an effective solution for customers who prefer to utilize a partner with the expertise or capital budget to provide extensive data center infrastructure and security. Our expertise in data center construction and operations enables us to lease space to these customers at a premium over other uses. Our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates may not be achievable, as development space requires significant capital investment. We may require additional time or encounter delays in securing customers for development space. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure, targeting a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations and by drawing upon our global revolving credit facilities. Our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance, and site maintenance costs. Our buildings require significant power to support the data center operations contained in them. Many of our leases contain provisions under which the tenants reimburse us for all or a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. We expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand. The prospect of future share dilution related to pending and future transactions could negatively impact our share price and per share results of operations. We are also subject to the commitments discussed below under "dividends and distributions." Our parent company intends to make regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our operating partnership's operating activities. Our parent company may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our operating partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions, or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures.