We achieved improved sales and strong earnings growth in 2019 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins and improved operating efficiency in a generally steady market environment. Increased pricing was achieved to more than offset unfavorable sales mix. Along with higher other income and lower interest expense, adjusted diluted earnings per share leveraged the good operating income growth and delivered the year's double-digit adjusted diluted EPS growth. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. These restructuring plans include net costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs and asset write-downs and disposals. We formally commenced a restructuring plan to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. In 2019, we raised our goals for the plan to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. We expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2020, with total anticipated costs of $260 million, primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. The plan has delivered $125 million of cumulative cost savings with estimated annual cost savings of $325 million by 2021. Our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We view our net debt to EBITDA ratios as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our acquisitions and divestitures are discussed further, and we continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. The impact of foreign currency translation reflects amounts translated at actual public average rates of exchange prevailing during the corresponding period and is provided for informational purposes only. Our reported gross margin was 41.5%, 41.2%, and 41.7% for 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. Our 2019, 2018 and 2017 reported gross margins were negatively impacted by special (gains) and charges. Excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges, our adjusted gross margin was 41.7% in 2019 compared against a 2018 adjusted gross margin of 41.3%. The increase was driven primarily by pricing, which more than offset unfavorable sales mix. Our operating income increased 3% when comparing 2019 to 2018 and was flat when comparing 2018 to 2017. Our reported operating income for 2019, 2018 and 2017 was impacted by special (gains) and charges. Excluding the impact of special (gains) and charges from all three years, 2019 adjusted operating income increased 9% when compared to 2018 adjusted operating income. The favorable impact of pricing added approximately 2.7 percentage points during 2019. Investments in the business negatively impacted margins by approximately 1.1 percentage points. The favorable impact of pricing and volume added approximately 1.9 percentage points during 2019. We have experienced no significant changes in the carrying value or estimated remaining useful lives of our long-lived or amortizable intangible assets. Our goodwill impairment assessment indicated the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded the unit's carrying amount by a significant margin.