We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 41 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2019. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We began using our new pharmacy benefits manager called IngenioRx to market and sell a PBM product to fully-insured and self-funded Anthem health plan customers throughout the country, as well as to customers outside of the health plans we own. This comprehensive product portfolio includes features such as drug formularies, a pharmacy network, prescription drug database, member services, and mail order capabilities. We expect IngenioRx to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the benefits realized in pharmacy cost as a result of the launch of IngenioRx in 2019 and greater penetration of value-added services and integrated health offerings. Our operating revenue consists of premiums and administrative fees and other revenue, with premium revenue coming from fully-insured contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life benefits. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends and frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs is crucial, as several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. We work to mitigate medical cost trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, and other, with our operating gain calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, cost of products sold, and selling, general and administrative expense. The increase in operating revenue was primarily from higher premiums, and to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees and other revenue, largely due to Medicaid expansions in new and existing markets and membership growth in our Medicare business.