Emerson's management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). The company's disclosure controls and procedures ensure that material information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and communicated to management and reported within the required time periods. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The independent auditors are engaged to express an opinion on the company's consolidated financial statements and on the company's internal control over financial reporting. Their opinions are based on procedures that they believe to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the company's internal controls are effective. Management believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $600 million in 2020. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions and sustain long-term growth. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year, or otherwise when it can be accomplished tax efficiently. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity or backup credit lines. The company is in the process of finalizing changes to its business processes, systems, internal controls and accounting policies to support recognition and disclosure under the new guidance. The company's management is responsible for the integrity and accuracy of the financial statements, and management believes that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances. The company's auditor has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting.