During 2019, we advanced initiatives in our North America and South America mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins, and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. The pilot program initiated at the Bagdad mine in northwest Arizona in late 2018 was successful in utilizing data science, machine learning, and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits, and drive improved overall performance. The program is being implemented across our North America and South America operations. We have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in North America and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects. Future investments are dependent on market conditions and will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, including the incorporation of innovation initiatives to reduce capital intensity. We expect capital expenditures associated with these initiatives, principally for mining equipment and ongoing development of data science and machine learning programs, to approximate $200 million, most of which will be incurred in 2020. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values and continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. The Grasberg open pit produced over 27 billion pounds of copper and 46 million ounces of gold in the 30-year period from 1990 through 2019. As PT Freeport Indonesia continues to ramp up production from its underground ore bodies, our consolidated metal production is expected to improve significantly by 2021. We have advanced initiatives to enhance productivity and reduce capital intensity through technology applications, which represent an estimated incremental production of approximately 100 million pounds of copper in 2021 and approximately 200 million pounds in 2022. The development of the Lone Star leachable ores near the Safford operation is expected to average approximately 200 million pounds of copper per year, with the potential for future expansion options. We expect to incorporate positive drilling and ongoing results in our future development plans. The Grasberg block cave and DMLZ underground mines have shown positive results and are in line with long-term plans to reach full production rates. Monitoring data on cave propagation in the Grasberg block cave underground mine is providing confidence in growing production rates over time. The new smelter in Indonesia is expected to be funded by a bank loan, with future distributions from PT Freeport Indonesia incorporating approximately 49 percent of the smelter debt service. The integration of technology and innovation into our operations is a key component of our strategy to enhance operational efficiency and achieve competitive advantage in the market.