During fiscal 2019, our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, and we utilized our cash to enhance stockholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives and acquisitions of relevant technologies and products that strengthen our portfolio and competitive position. We continued to transform our business from on-premises to recurring revenue associated with our cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. The majority of our software solutions are now available through both the FICO® Analytic Cloud and AWS. Our cloud bookings accounted for 39% of our total bookings, compared to 35% during fiscal 2018. We have launched numerous new FICO® score-based products and continue to grow our partnership with Experian, a leading global information services provider. This partnership provides consumers the FICO® score that lenders most commonly use in evaluating credit when determining applicant eligibility for new credit cards, car loans, mortgages, or other lines of credit. We continue to enhance stockholder value by returning cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. Our cloud business continues to grow as we pursue our cloud-first strategy, with cloud revenues increasing 12% to $270.4 million during fiscal 2019. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and a substantial share of revenues are derived from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees derived under credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. Operating income for fiscal 2019 was $253.5 million, an increase of 45% from fiscal 2018. As a result, net income increased 52% to $192.1 million in fiscal 2019. We believe bookings amount is still a meaningful measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues omitted from note 16, such as sales- or usage-based royalties derived from our software licenses. We estimate bookings as of the end of the period in which a contract is signed, and initial booking estimates are not updated in future periods for changes between estimated and actual results. Our calculations have varying degrees of certainty depending on the revenue type and individual contract terms. We calculate transactional bookings as the total estimated volume of transactions or number of accounts under contract, multiplied by the contractual rate. The increase in our fraud solutions was primarily attributable to an increase in license and transactional revenues. The increase in customer communication services was primarily attributable to an increase in transactional revenue. We continue to evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. We believe these balances, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements. The increase in facilities and infrastructure costs was primarily attributable to increased resource requirements due to expansion in our cloud infrastructure operations. Our research and development expenses include the personnel and related overhead costs incurred in the development of new products and services, including the research of mathematical and statistical models and the development of new versions of our products. We continue to invest in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products, to enhance our IT capabilities and support our business transformation efforts.