Our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of technology and processing services, payment transaction fees, professional services, and software license fees. We continue to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. Over the last four years, we have moved approximately 60% of our server compute to our fis cloud located in our strategic data centers, with a goal to increase that percentage to 73% by the end of 2020 and approximately 80% by the end of 2021. This allows us to further enhance security for our clients' data and increases the flexibility and speed with which we can provide services and solutions to our clients, eventually at lesser cost. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We have increased our investments in these areas in each of the last three years. Our innovation efforts have recently resulted in bringing to market our modern banking platform that is among the first cloud-native core banking solutions. Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We have been providing our large regional banking customers in the U.S. with Digital One, an integrated digital banking platform, and are now adding functionality to provide a consistent, omnichannel experience for consumers of banking services across self-service channels like mobile banking and online banking. Digital One is integrated into several of the core banking platforms offered by fis and is also offered to customers of non-fis core banking systems. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new products and services, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and an evolving regulatory environment. As merchants and financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking services to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present payments in e-commerce and mobile environments, fis believes that payment processors will seek to develop additional capabilities in order to serve clients' evolving needs. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us. However, fis believes that payment processors, like fis, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain, and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. Fis' ability to partner with non-financial institution enterprises, such as mobile payment providers, internet, retail, and social media companies, could create attractive growth opportunities as these new entrants seek to become more active participants in the development of alternative electronic payment technologies. Fis remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems, including both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. Through the expertise we have gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.