Fortinet is a global leader in cybersecurity solutions provided to a wide variety of organizations, such as enterprises, communication service providers, government organizations, and small businesses. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated Fortinet Security Fabric platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response. The focus areas of our business consist of network security, infrastructure security, cloud security, and endpoint protection, which collectively enhance our IT capabilities. Our FortiGate network security appliances include a broad set of built-in security and networking features and functionalities, enabling us to add security and network functionality with minimal impact to network throughput performance. We help customers connect securely to and across their hybrid, public, and private cloud environments by offering security through our virtual firewall and other software products. Our cloud security solutions extend the core capabilities of the Fortinet Security Fabric platform to provide businesses with the same level of cybersecurity and threat intelligence in and across cloud environments that they receive on their physical networks. The proliferation of IoT and the digitization of OT devices has generated new opportunities for us to grow our business. We offer network access control solutions that provide visibility, control, and automated event responses in order to secure IoT devices. Additionally, we develop and provide AI-driven security operations solutions, including FortiGuard security services that can be applied across the entire Fortinet Security Fabric platform. These solutions help customers better secure their environments by delivering deeper intelligence and insights and by narrowing the gaps in security skills and resources that are present in many organizations. Our total revenue was $2.16 billion in 2019, an increase of 20% compared to the previous year, driven by both product and service revenue. We experienced revenue growth across several of our hardware and software products, including FortiGate enabled with SD-WAN features. Service revenue growth was driven by the strength of our FortiGuard and other security subscription revenue. Our research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs, and we intend to continue to invest in our research and development organization, focusing on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars to support growth, which is critical for capturing market share in the enterprise market. Our operating activities provided $808.0 million in cash in 2019, reflecting the continued growth of our business and our ability to manage working capital effectively. Our total deferred revenue balance grew $449.1 million, or 27%, during 2019, indicating strong demand for our FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services. The impact of the coronavirus outbreak on our business remains uncertain, but we recognize that disruptions could have a material negative impact on our billings, revenue, and other financial results. We monitor key metrics, including revenue, deferred revenue, and billings, to evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, and assess operational efficiencies. Our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months, and we continue to assess the need for strategic resource allocation to support our growth and operational flexibility.