The information technology segment's revenue increased due to an additional quarter of CSRA volume as the business was acquired in the second quarter of 2018. This increase was offset partially by lower revenue in the federal civilian business as a result of the sale of the segment's public-facing contact-center business in the fourth quarter of 2018 and other portfolio shaping following the CSRA acquisition. Revenue in the intelligence and homeland security business was lower due to the timing of completion of several legacy programs in 2018 versus the start-up of new programs. Operating margin increased due largely to acquisition-related synergies. The information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. The segment's total backlog was $9.1 billion at the end of 2019, up 14.7% from $8 billion at year-end 2018. This amount does not include $19 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2019, an increase of 11.4% from year-end 2018. Funding from indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and exercised options added $5.7 billion to the segment's backlog in 2019, approximately 60% of the segment's orders. In 2019, the segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 or higher for the fifth consecutive year driven by several significant contract awards during the year, including $1 billion from the U.S. Department of State to provide global security engineering and supply chain management services. The program has a maximum potential contract value of over $2 billion. The segment's backlog at year-end 2019 also included key programs such as $1.1 billion to support the operations and enhancement of several state health insurance programs, along with an additional $420 of estimated potential contract value. The segment received $885 of orders for these programs during the year. Additionally, $830 was allocated to provide classified IT infrastructure services to an agency of the Department of Defense with an additional $1.1 billion of estimated potential contract value remaining. The segment's backlog also included $130 to provide turnkey training and simulation services for the U.S. Army's Aviation Center of Excellence in Fort Rucker, Alabama. The information technology reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 25%, reflecting the size of the CSRA acquisition relative to the information technology reporting unit and its recent acquisition date. Given that the net book value of this business was recorded at its fair value at the acquisition date in 2018, the reporting unit's carrying value continues to closely approximate its fair value as of December 31, 2019. The information technology segment's operational capabilities are critical for supporting business needs and enhancing competitive positioning in a rapidly evolving market landscape. The effective mobilization and deployment of IT resources, combined with leveraging other organizational capabilities, are essential for achieving strategic objectives and maintaining operational efficiency.