Management believes that this provides useful information to investors. We continue to invest in new product development, such as our ha-turbines, including upgrades, as these are critical to our customers and the long-term strategy of the business. Our products and technologies harness resources such as oil, gas, fossil, diesel, nuclear and water to produce electric power and include gas and steam turbines, full balance of plant, upgrade and service solutions, as well as data-leveraging software. We have and will continue to take actions to right size our business for the current market conditions and our long-term outlook, including restructuring our operations to dispose of non-core businesses, resizing our remaining businesses to better align with market demand and driving these businesses with an operational rigor and discipline that is focused on our customers' lifecycle experience. We are building a cost structure to support an average 25 to 30 gigawatt new unit gas turbine market; however, actual orders in a given year can vary. As a result of these actions and overall market conditions, we believe the business is showing early signs of stabilization. We expect incremental improvements in 2020 with further acceleration in 2021 and beyond. The grid market continues to be challenging as we have experienced current year order declines in the high voltage direct current (hvdc) and high voltage (hv) product lines. Given price pressure, the need for grid flexibility to accommodate more renewable energy, and the diversification of energy players, the hydropower industry continues to maximize value with new small-scale and pumped storage projects to support both wind and solar expansion. The grid and hydro businesses are executing their turnaround plans and we are expecting improvements in contribution margin in 2020. We continue to focus on cost reduction initiatives of our products, in-sourcing blade production and developing larger, more efficient turbines like the haliade-x (offshore wind) and cypress (onshore wind). We continue to monitor our execution during this period including risks of delivery delays due to customer site readiness issues and possible project postponements. We expect additional opportunities to repower existing wind turbines. Repowering allows customers to increase the annual energy output of their installed base, provides more competitively priced energy and extends the life of their assets. The digital wind farm is a site level solution, creating a dynamic, connected and adaptable ecosystem that improves our customers' fleet operations. Our digital initiatives, including analytics on flight operations, technical operations, and advanced manufacturing, are enabling our customers, internal operations and suppliers to reduce costs, cycle time and improve quality. We are also continuing development on the advanced turbo prop program and the ge9x engine, incorporating the latest technologies for application in the widebody aircraft space. Our digital strategy and investments in technical innovation will position us to add value for customers looking for clean, renewable energy. We strive to introduce technology innovation that enables our customers to improve their patient and operational outcomes as they diagnose, treat and monitor an increasing number of medical conditions and patients. We believe that presenting non-gaap financial measures provides management and investors useful measures to evaluate performance and trends of the total company and its businesses. We believe these measures provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, as these activities can obscure underlying trends.