We believe achieving high levels of patient safety, patient satisfaction, and clinical quality are central goals of our business. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including advanced health information technology and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We have invested significant resources to refine and improve our billing systems and the information system data used to make contractual allowance estimates. We have developed standardized calculation processes and related employee training programs to improve the utility of our patient accounting systems. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements are critical to our operational efficiency. We believe our continued investment in the employment, recruitment, and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We continue to leverage our scale and market positions to grow the company, which we believe presents significant opportunities to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. Our investments in technology resources and capabilities are aimed at enhancing our operational flexibility and improving our market responsiveness. We believe that the challenges faced by the hospital industry may continue to spur consolidation, and our size, scale, national presence, and access to capital will position us well to participate in any such consolidation. Our business strategy includes providing access and convenience through developing various outpatient facilities, which will enhance our service delivery and operational capabilities. The estimated cost of total uncompensated care increased, reflecting the need for effective resource management and operational adjustments in response to market dynamics. We are committed to providing high-quality, cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. Our strategic resource allocation focuses on enhancing our technology infrastructure to support our business transformation efforts. We believe that our IT capabilities, including information management and data analytics, are essential for achieving competitive advantage and improving firm performance. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is crucial for meeting evolving business needs and directions. We continue to monitor and adapt to external influences that may impact our operational effectiveness and strategic management practices.