The recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and created uncertainty regarding potential impacts to our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. The pandemic has impacted and could further impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions. We are also taking steps in our stores to manage foot traffic to better protect our customers and associates. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. Our comparable sales results for fiscal 2019 compare the 52-week period reported for fiscal 2019 to weeks 2 through 53 in fiscal 2018. Comparable sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with GAAP. Total comparable sales increased 3.5% in fiscal 2019. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including traffic growth across a number of our core categories and the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. Online sales, which consist of sales generated online through our websites for products picked up in our stores or delivered to customer locations, represented 9.3% of net sales and grew 19.4% during fiscal 2019. Our operating expenses are composed of SG&A, depreciation and amortization, and impairment loss. Selling, general & administrative expenses increased $227 million, or 1.2%, to $19.7 billion in fiscal 2019. The decrease in SG&A as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by expense leverage resulting from positive comparable sales and continued expense control, partially offset by expenses related to strategic investments in the business. We believe that our current cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to fund our capital expenditures, dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. In addition, we believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing. We expect capital expenditures of approximately $2.8 billion in fiscal 2020. Given the current uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may adjust our capital expenditures as necessary or appropriate to support the operations of the business. We also issue senior notes from time to time and use derivative financial instruments in the management of our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies and interest rates on certain long-term debt. Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. The valuation under the retail inventory method is based on a number of factors such as markups, markdowns, and inventory losses (or shrink). We believe that the retail inventory method provides an inventory valuation which approximates cost and results in valuing our inventory at the lower of cost or market. The assessment of uncertain tax positions requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items.