The management and franchise segment provides services, including hotel management and licensing of our brands, generating revenue from management and franchise fees charged to third-party hotel owners and licensing fees for the use of certain Hilton marks and IP, as well as fees for managing owned and leased hotels. We charge franchise fees in exchange for the use of our brand names and related commercial services, such as our reservation system, marketing, and information technology services. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global footprint and fee-based business, which involves evaluating the economic viability of properties based on geographic location and the credit quality of third-party owners. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts, we expect to enhance our overall return on invested capital and cash available for stockholders. Our investment policy focuses on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments, while also addressing information technology expenditures. The effectiveness of our cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs, and we have taken steps to optimize customer experience and the value of our hotels and brands. Our capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily consist of expenditures related to corporate facilities and the renovation of hotels, alongside capitalized software costs related to various systems initiatives for the benefit of hotel owners and corporate operations. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to an increase in amortization expense from capitalized software costs placed into service. We believe that our cash and the use of our senior secured revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating expenditures, including corporate expenses and information technology expenditures. The management and franchise business depends on our ability to perform under contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees, which generate incremental opportunities for property development. Changes in consumer demand and general business cycles have historically subjected our revenues to significant volatility, and our relationships with third-party owners, franchisees, and developers are essential for growth and maintenance of our hotel system. The hospitality industry is seasonal, and our properties experience varying levels of demand based on location and competitive mix. We evaluate our business segment operating performance using operating income, and we assess our management and franchise segment revenues correlated to our overall performance. The increase in revenues from our managed and franchised properties is linked to our management and franchise segment revenues and operating income. Our long-term liquidity requirements include funds necessary for capital improvements to hotels and information technology expenditures, and we may issue or incur new debt depending on market conditions and liquidity requirements. The ability to make scheduled principal payments and pay interest on our debt depends on future operating performance, which is subject to general conditions in the hospitality industry.