During 2019, we continued to focus on commercial excellence and improvements in our manufacturing and operational processes, including our integrated supply chain and honeywell digital transformations, to drive higher sales at better margins. Our technology investments allow us to introduce new technology solutions in high growth businesses in broad-based, attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization and safety. We are committed to a strategy to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies. We continue to execute on our strategy to become the premier software-industrial, including the ongoing expansion of honeywell forge connected solutions for aircraft, buildings, cybersecurity, plants, and workers and driving a recurring revenue model across the company. We believe our ability to drive continuous earnings growth over a long history results from consistently identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth through delivering innovative products through research and development and technological excellence, and through continued enhancement of our footprint in high growth regions. We expect to spend approximately $900 million for capital expenditures in 2020 primarily for growth, production and capacity expansion, cost reduction, maintenance, and replacement. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Our ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of our credit rating and market conditions. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. We expect our primary cash requirements in 2020 to be for capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends, strategic acquisitions, and debt repayments. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. We continue to manage our businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity. In addition to our available cash and operating cash flows, we maintain additional sources of liquidity, including committed credit lines, short-term debt from the commercial paper market, long-term borrowings, access to the public debt and equity markets and the ability to access non-U.S. cash as a result of the U.S. tax reform. Our technology investments and ongoing digital transformations are aimed at enhancing our operational efficiency and driving higher sales at better margins, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage in evolving market dynamics.