Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers and competitors; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. We have invested, and continue to invest significant resources, in our proprietary ICE global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. We believe that our current and historic investments in this space position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands, greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations, and greater emphasis on risk management. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 5% in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers and increases in pricing of our products. Our pricing and analytics revenues increased 4% in 2019 from 2018, driven by strength in our pricing and reference data and index businesses. The increase in revenue was due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and increases in pricing of our products. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2019. This non-transaction revenue includes data services and listings. Our two segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading and clearing a broad array of derivatives contracts and securities across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, metals, interest rates, equities, ETFs, credit derivatives, digital assets, bonds and currencies, and also offer mortgage and technology services. The launch of Bakkt Bitcoin futures contract created the first fully regulated marketplace to transact physically-delivered digital asset futures. Our business is conducted through two reportable business segments: trading and clearing, which comprises our transaction-based execution and clearing businesses, and data and listings, which comprises our subscription-based data services and securities listings businesses. We have invested significant resources in technology and communication to support our operations, including running our data centers and maintaining our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. Our technology and communication expenses also include fees paid for access to external market data, licensing and other fee agreement expenses. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations and other investments. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. We have also increased our investment in technology capabilities to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic initiatives.