Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our total service and other revenue was $5.2 billion or 76% of our total revenue in fiscal 2019 and we expect our total service and other revenue to continue to grow in the future. The increase was primarily due to growth in online ecosystem revenue. QuickBooks online accounting revenue increased 41% in fiscal 2019 compared with fiscal 2018 due to an increase in QuickBooks online subscribers and average revenue per customer. Online services revenue increased 34% primarily due to customer growth in online payroll and payments and an increase in revenue from other online services. Our desktop ecosystem revenue increased primarily due to an increase in license revenue for our QuickBooks enterprise offering and an increase in revenue from our payroll and payments offerings as a result of customer growth during the period. We have included their results of operations in our consolidated results of operations from the dates of acquisition. Our business is subject to significant seasonality. The balance of our cash, cash equivalents and investments generally fluctuates with that seasonal pattern. We believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to these kinds of opportunities. We have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2020. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it. The acquisition method of accounting requires us to exercise judgment and make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the fair values of the elements of a business combination as of the date of acquisition, including the fair values of identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax asset valuation allowances, liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, and contingencies. We also make judgments when adjusting market multiples of revenue, operating income, and earnings for these companies to reflect their relative similarity to our own businesses. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit and the relative risk of achieving those cash flows. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.