The acquisition of Orbotech has expanded our reach in the electronics value chain to include technologically advanced, yield-enhancing and process-enabling solutions to address various manufacturing stages of printed circuit boards, flat panel displays, specialty semiconductor devices, and other electronic components. Our products and services are used by customers to measure, detect, analyze, and resolve critical product defects that arise in the manufacturing environment, thereby controlling nanometric level manufacturing processes. The demand for our products and revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our customers continuously seek to increase yields and enhance the efficiency of their manufacturing processes, including by improving their manufacturing, inspection, testing, and repair capabilities. The semiconductor and electronics industries have been characterized by constant technological innovation, with multiple drivers for growth, including increased demand for chips providing computation power and connectivity for artificial intelligence applications and support for mobile devices. Our solutions provide a comprehensive portfolio of inspection, metrology, and data analytics products, which are accompanied by a flexible portfolio of services to enable our customers to maintain the performance and productivity of the solutions purchased. The increase in service revenues is primarily attributable to service revenues from our newly acquired Orbotech business, the impact of adoption of ASC 606 whereby revenue from the standard warranty represents a separate performance obligation, and an increase in the number of systems installed at our customers' sites. Our organizational structure was changed following the Orbotech acquisition, resulting in four reportable segments: semiconductor process control, specialty semiconductor process, PCB, display and component inspection, and other. The demand for more advanced and lower-cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions. The shift towards 5G connectivity and the fast-paced growth of the Internet of Things services is expected to further accelerate this shift as more devices become connected and dependent upon other electronic devices. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand or expansion plans. Our view of the current wafer fab equipment demand climate is aligned with consensus industry analyst expectations, reflecting a decline in capital equipment spending by memory customers, while capital equipment spending by foundry and logic customers at the leading edge has begun to ramp up. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications that fuel demand for process control equipment. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace, necessitating substantial and focused investments in research and development.