We are a global security and aerospace company principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products, and services. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security, and information technology, including cybersecurity. A significant component of our strategy is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our customers at affordable prices. We continue to innovate and invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people to ensure we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our capital expenditures for 2019 and those planned for 2020 are primarily for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology, which supports programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, including costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. We expect our 2020 net sales to increase, driven by increased volume across all business segments, including tactical and strike missiles and air and missile defense businesses. Our operating profit margin is expected to be approximately 10.8%, and cash from operations is expected to exceed $7.6 billion. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, and equity investments to expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. Our business segments' results of operations include pension expense only as calculated under cost accounting standards (CAS) pension cost, which we recover through the pricing of our products and services on U.S. government contracts. We monitor the nature and amount of costs at the contract level, which form the basis for estimating our total costs to complete the contract. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied, and the customer obtains control of the products and services. The majority of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our consolidated results of operations were as follows: net sales of $59.8 billion, with a gross profit of $8.4 billion. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We are actively managing our debt levels and maturities, interest rates, and pension obligations, and we have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations and capital expenditures. Our strategic plan includes growing our international sales and strengthening our relationships internationally through partnerships and joint technology efforts. We are committed to enhancing our information technology capabilities to support our business needs and to leverage our technology resources effectively in transforming our firm into a competitive force.