During fiscal year 2019, we made significant progress transforming our company through our four key focus areas: driving merchandising excellence; transforming our supply chain; delivering operational efficiency; and intensifying customer engagement. We rolled out a customer-centric scheduling system that allows us to provide better department coverage and customer service, while ensuring that we are using our payroll efficiently. We have also added scheduling effectiveness tools that measure schedule efficiency and deployed new mobile devices to our store associates with applications to help make our associates more efficient and ultimately allowed them to spend more time interacting with customers. Our strategic initiatives aimed at improving customers' experience and driving improved performance reflect our commitment to enhancing our operational efficiency and IT capabilities. We focused on improving our customer service and investing in our in-stock position, driving efficiency in our store operations and advancing our pro service model. The planned improvements to the lowes.com platform will allow these four strategic areas of focus to create a true omni-channel ecosystem for Lowe's so we can efficiently serve our customers any way they choose to shop. Our capital expenditures generally consist of investments in our strategic initiatives to enhance our ability to serve customers, existing stores, and expansion plans. The allocation of capital expenditures for 2019 included 80% for existing store investments, which encompasses merchandising resets, facility repairs, and replacements of IT and store equipment. Our strategic review of the Canadian operations was aimed at improving execution and delivering long-term improved profitability, which included significant investments in technology resources and operational flexibility. The company has recognized financial impacts from strategic decisions related to the exit of the Mexico retail operations and the closure of under-performing stores, which are indicative of our focus on resource allocation and market responsiveness. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven primarily by changes in working capital, reflecting our capability to manage resources effectively in response to market dynamics. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, repay our debt as it becomes due, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The strategic resource allocation and investment choices made during the year reflect our commitment to enhancing our IT architecture and governance, which are critical for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency. The company’s focus on digital transformation and the integration of technology into our business processes is essential for achieving our organizational goals and responding to consumer demands in a rapidly changing business environment.