Lam Research Corporation has built a strong global presence with core competencies in areas like nanoscale applications enablement, advanced systems engineering, and a broad range of operational disciplines. Our core technical competency is integrating hardware, process, materials, software, and process control, enabling results on the wafer. We believe we are in a strong position with our leadership and competency in deposition, etch, and clean to facilitate some of the most significant innovations in semiconductor device manufacturing. Several factors create opportunity for sustainable differentiation for us: our focus on research and development, our ability to effectively leverage cycles of learning from our broad installed base, our collaborative focus with ecosystem partners, and our focus on delivering our multi-product solutions with a goal to enhance the value of Lam's solutions to our customers. We aim to increase our strategic relevance with our customers by contributing more to their continued success. Demand from the cloud, IoT, and other markets is driving the need for increasingly powerful and cost-efficient semiconductors. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to customers in Japan was approximately $78 million as of June 30, 2019. Our deferred revenue balance was $449 million as of June 30, 2019, compared to $994 million as of June 24, 2018. Our cash flow provided from operating activities was $3.2 billion for fiscal year 2019 compared to $2.7 billion for fiscal year 2018. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, etch, clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing processes. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and benefits related to increased headcount and an increase in outside services and miscellaneous expenses. Our liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. We have entered into certain insurance contracts that may limit our exposure to indemnifications. We do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any material amounts will be required to be paid under such indemnification agreements or statutory obligations. Our anticipated cash flows from operations based on our current business outlook, combined with our current levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of June 30, 2019, are expected to be sufficient to support our anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, capital expenditures, capital redistributions, and dividends through at least the next twelve months. We believe that technology inflections in our industry, including 3D device scaling, multiple patterning, process flow, and advanced packaging chip integration, will lead to an increase in our served addressable market for our products and services. The overall Asia region continued to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity investments for semiconductor manufacturing continued to occur in this region.