We provide our guests new and memorable experiences through our portfolio of brands, innovative technology, personalized guest recognition, and access to travel experiences through our Marriott Bonvoy tours & activities program. Our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, loyalty program, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We believe that our loyalty program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels, and we strategically market to the program's large and growing member base to generate revenue. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our approach to property-level and above-property productivity has been beneficial, and we maintain tight cost controls at managed properties in our system. We also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. The data security incident has necessitated increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, as well as compliance activities to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. We continue to invest in our brands through enhanced technology offerings and guest experiences, which are crucial for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency.