The malware incident on June 27, 2017, impacted a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks, leading to the execution of business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment. Following the incident, we enhanced our system security and continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process, and disclosure controls. We have not found, nor do we expect to find, any instances of company or personal data released externally. The incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and organic net revenue growth, as we recognized the majority of delayed second quarter shipments in our third quarter 2017 results, and we incurred total incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the second half of 2017 as part of the recovery effort. Our strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to transform our firm into a competitive force. We focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through a local-first commercial focus, new digital and other sales and marketing initiatives, product innovation, and high standards of product quality. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our operations and management structure are organized into four operating segments to leverage regional operating scale and manage different and changing business environments more effectively. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products, as well as long-term demographics and consumer trends, which are highly correlated to GDP growth, urbanization, and rising discretionary income levels associated with a growing middle class, particularly in emerging markets. We expect these trends to continue and are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market including e-commerce. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets, where we face greater political, economic, and currency volatility. We aim to protect profitability through the management of costs, pricing, and targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including operational technologies, and adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. Our financial outlook seeks to achieve profitable, long-term growth by managing our business to attain this goal using key operating metrics, including organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We believe these metrics are useful to investors as they provide supplemental information in addition to our U.S. GAAP financial results. We continue to evaluate the impacts of various external factors, including currency fluctuations, geopolitical uncertainties, and changes in tax laws, on our financial performance and operational flexibility.