MetLife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits, and asset management. The company continues to evaluate its segment performance and allocated resources, which may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability. Management emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's next horizon strategy focuses on generating strong free cash flow by deploying capital and resources to the highest value opportunities, simplifying the business to deliver operational efficiency and an outstanding customer experience, and driving competitive advantage through brand, scale, talent, and innovation. The company has returned approximately $16.0 billion to shareholders from 2016 through 2019 and expects to generate approximately $20.0 billion in free cash flow over the next five years while maintaining a buffer of liquid assets at the holding companies. Despite a prolonged low interest rate environment, the company continues to project adjusted return on equity of 12% to 14% over the near term, reflecting the completion of restructuring charges related to its unit cost improvement program, which is expected to result in approximately $900 million of pre-tax expense margin expansion. The company is committed to investing over $1.0 billion in incremental technology and innovation to accelerate growth over the next five years, highlighting the significance of technology modernization as a prerequisite for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. The competitive environment remains intense, with larger companies having the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation. Insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue and focusing on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions that include providing value-added services along with traditional products. Financial strength and flexibility, along with technology modernization, are viewed as critical differentiators in the market. The company is also closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact its business operations. The management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives is conducted using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support current and future liabilities. The company's investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure its free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. The use of derivatives is integral to managing risks associated with changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. The company also utilizes a comprehensive risk control framework to manage investment risks, including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, market valuation risk, currency risk, and real estate risk. The ongoing evaluation of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and deferred acquisition costs reflects the company's commitment to maintaining robust operational capabilities and managing risks effectively.