In 2019, we continued to focus on our main revenue growth priorities, which include helping marketers use our products to connect with consumers and making our ads more relevant and effective. We intend to continue to invest based on these priorities, anticipating that additional investments in our data center capacity, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will drive expense growth in 2020. The increase in the number of ads delivered was driven by an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed across our products, and an increase in users and their engagement. In 2019, research and development expenses increased primarily due to increases in payroll and benefits expenses and facilities-related costs as a result of a 31% growth in employee headcount in engineering and other technical functions. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees, and to increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. Our cost of revenue increased due to an increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure, as well as higher costs associated with partner arrangements. We expect that the cost of revenue will increase as we continue to expand our data center capacity and technical infrastructure to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, requiring us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with income taxes, loss contingencies, and valuation of long-lived assets including goodwill and intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were $54.86 billion, an increase from the previous year, primarily due to cash generated from operations. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $17 billion to $19 billion in 2020. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications. We recognize revenue from the delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the action the marketer contracted for. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of our ads products. The increase in advertising revenue was almost entirely due to an increase in the number of ads delivered, partially offset by a slight decrease in the average price per ad. We believe that this seasonality in advertising spending affects our quarterly results, which generally reflect significant growth in advertising revenue between the third and fourth quarters. Our effective tax rate in 2019 increased compared to 2018, primarily due to an increase in income taxes from the Altera Ninth Circuit opinion and the legal accrual related to the FTC settlement that is not expected to be tax-deductible. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis.