We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data and technology, our actionable solutions power better investment decisions by enabling our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our industry-leading, research-enhanced products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management analytics; ESG research and ratings; and real estate benchmarks, return-analytics and market insights. We are committed to driving an integrated solutions-based approach, achieving service excellence, enhancing our differentiated research and content, and delivering flexible, cutting-edge technology and platforms. Our growth strategy includes improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, expanding value-added service offerings, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales and retention rate, to manage the business. Cost of revenues expenses consist of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support and maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs. Research and development expenses consist of costs to develop new or enhance existing products and costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily include the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support associated with these efforts. The retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as material capital expenditures and share repurchases. We are flexible in the delivery of our content and capabilities, much of which can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. Our clients comprise a wide spectrum of the global investment industry and include asset owners, asset managers, financial intermediaries, and wealth managers. We focus on staying at the forefront of investment trends to address the evolving needs of our clients in a changing industry. The increase in revenues from asset-based fees was driven by higher revenues from ETFs linked to MSCI indexes, which was driven by a 7.6% increase in average AUM, partially offset by the impact of a change in product mix. The increase in revenues from asset-based fees was also driven by higher revenues from non-ETF passive products linked to MSCI indexes. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures.