In our natural gas gathering and processing segment, we are investing in growth projects in NGL-rich areas in the Williston Basin that we expect will enable us to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers. Our growth strategy is focused on connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical industry and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage, and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the Williston and Powder River Basins with end-use markets. The development of shale has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers and natural gas processors to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. Our announced large capital-growth projects that have recently been completed or are currently under construction are supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated, or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. Our commodity price risk includes basis risk, which is the difference in price between various locations where commodities are purchased and sold. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms is influenced by future demand for and prices of natural gas, NGLs, and crude oil, as well as competitive conditions in the overall energy market. We expect to continue to fund capital projects primarily with cash from operations, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. We manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, and interest-rate swaps. Our ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment, and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is critical to our financial performance. We believe our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. The strategic management of our technology resources is essential for enhancing operational efficiency and achieving competitive advantage in the market.