In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broad selection of product offerings with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, and continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended December 31, 2019, was due to a benefit from selling through inventory purchased prior to recent industry-wide acquisition cost increases and corresponding selling price increases. The increase in total SG&A dollars for the year ended December 31, 2019, was the result of team members, facilities, and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count, and increased spending on omnichannel and technology initiatives. We opened 200 net, new U.S. stores during the year ended December 31, 2019, compared to opening 200 net, new U.S. stores during the year ended December 31, 2018. We anticipate U.S. new store growth will be approximately 180 net, new store openings in 2020. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily due to increased operating income, reduced cash taxes paid, and a reduction of accounts receivable. The increase in capital expenditures was primarily related to distribution expansion projects, the timing of property acquisitions and construction costs for new stores and technology investments during 2019. Our liquidity and related ratios indicate that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have historically utilized various off-balance sheet financial instruments, including sale-leaseback and synthetic lease transactions, but we have not entered into any such transactions for over 10 years. We believe that the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. The sustained trends of low U.S. unemployment have been favorable to our industry through the support of miles driven and consumer confidence; however, this has also resulted in pressure on wages. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The increase in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the newer population of vehicles and increased selling prices on a same-sku basis. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.