Occidental is focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition through continual enhancements to its asset quality, organizational capability, and innovative technical applications that provide competitive advantages. Occidental’s integrated business provides conventional and unconventional opportunities through which to grow value. Occidental aims to maximize shareholder returns through a combination of maintaining a sustainable and sector-leading dividend, allocating capital to high-return, short-cycle and long-cycle, cash-flow generating opportunities across its integrated business, and achieving production growth rates of up to 5% over the long-term. The oil and gas segment focuses on long-term value creation and leadership in sustainability, health, safety, and the environment. Occidental's operations benefit from scale, technical expertise, and commercial and governmental collaboration, allowing it to bring additional production quickly to market and extend the life of older fields at lower costs. The oil and gas segment strives to achieve low development and operating costs to maximize full-cycle value of the assets. Occidental's strategy includes operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in core areas, primarily in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, Gulf of Mexico, UAE, Oman, Qatar, and Colombia. The company is focused on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. Occidental’s diversified portfolio provides numerous competitive advantages and is positioned for full-cycle success in the years ahead. The oil and gas business implements its strategy primarily by maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures with a focus on high-return, short-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities. Occidental’s capital expenditures in 2019 were primarily focused on its assets in the Permian Basin, the DJ Basin, Gulf of Mexico, and Oman. Occidental acquired modern 3D seismic data pertaining to approximately 450,000 square miles of core domestic development areas, resulting in a 40% increase in its Permian seismic inventory. The advantages that Occidental's diversified portfolio provides, coupled with unmatched subsurface characterization ability and the proven ability to execute, ensures that Occidental is positioned for full-cycle success in the years ahead. Occidental’s business strategy emphasizes the integration of newly acquired assets and efforts to realize synergies at an early stage to deliver lower breakeven costs and generate excess free cash flow. The company’s technical capabilities and operational efficiencies are critical to maximizing production and minimizing costs. Occidental also seeks to capitalize on its leadership in enhanced oil recovery by developing carbon capture, utilization, and storage projects that promote innovative technologies and drive cost efficiencies while reducing emissions. The marketing and midstream segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage, and terminal commitments, providing access to domestic and international markets. Occidental’s marketing performance is affected primarily by commodity price changes and margins in oil and gas transportation and storage programs. The company continues to adjust capital expenditures in line with current economic conditions with the goal of keeping returns well above its cost of capital.