We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, benefits, human resource ("HR"), and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, and revenue and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Paychex Advance LLC, provides a portfolio of services to the temporary staffing industry, including payroll funding and outsourcing services, which includes payroll processing, invoicing, and tax preparation. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, benefits, HR, and insurance services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 reflect another year of continued growth across our major HCM product lines. The impact of the acquisition of HROI on PEO and insurance services revenue growth for fiscal 2019 was approximately 4%. The remaining increases were driven by growth in clients and client worksite employees across our combined existing PEO business. Our portfolio of HCM and employee benefit-related services includes payroll processing services, payroll tax administration services, employee payment services, regulatory compliance services, HR solutions, retirement services administration, and other HR services and products. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. Our investments in technology resources are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. We believe that our investments in technology will enhance our capability to meet evolving business needs and directions. Our strategy is to leverage our technology capabilities to optimize our service delivery and improve client retention, which was over 82% of our beginning client base for the fiscal year. The continued enhancements of Paychex Flex, our robust cloud-based HCM platform, allow direct client access to payroll, HR, and benefits information in a streamlined and integrated approach to workplace management. In fiscal 2019, we continued to focus on enhancing the value to clients of our Paychex Flex platform through new offerings and enhancements, including a web-based learning management system, a chatbot for HR-related questions, and new synchronization functionality between Paychex general ledger service and QuickBooks Online. Our focus on technology deployment and integration is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and ensuring that we can respond effectively to market dynamics and client demands.