The utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. The utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. The utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes and not for speculative purposes. The utility is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its electricity and natural gas procurement activities, including the procurement of natural gas and nuclear fuel necessary for electricity generation. The utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. The utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected. The utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses. The utility's investing activities primarily consist of the construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to provide safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers. The utility's operations are subject to significant contingencies arising from their operations, including contingencies related to enforcement and litigation matters. The utility has recorded material accruals for various wildfire-related, enforcement and legal matters, and environmental remediation liabilities. The utility is subject to loss contingencies pursuant to federal and California environmental laws and regulations that may require the utility to pay for environmental remediation at sites where it has been, or may be, a potentially responsible party. The utility generally commences the environmental remediation assessment process upon notification from federal or state agencies, or other parties, of a potential site requiring remedial action. The utility records a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses. The utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wildfire mitigation plan recorded in the wildfire expense memorandum account, which the utility expects will be substantial. The utility's ability to recover costs related to wildfire mitigation plans is subject to approval by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC). The CPUC has established a process to develop criteria and a methodology to inform determinations of cost recovery for wildfire-related costs. The utility has submitted its 2020 wildfire mitigation plan, which describes forecasted work and investments designed to help further reduce the potential for wildfire ignitions associated with the utility's electrical equipment in high fire-threat areas. The utility's 2020 wildfire mitigation plan includes measures such as installing new weather stations, conducting enhanced safety inspections, and expanding public safety power shutoff events. The utility's financial condition could be materially affected if it is unable to recover costs in connection with the wildfire mitigation plan. The utility's governance structure, including the appointment of an independent safety advisor and the establishment of a safety committee, is designed to enhance its operational capabilities and ensure compliance with safety regulations. The utility's strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are critical in managing the risks associated with wildfire-related liabilities and regulatory compliance.