We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms; deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions; and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, and return excess capital to shareholders. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. Our financial performance is substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape and the impact of legislative, regulatory, and administrative initiatives and actions. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, execution of our strategic priorities, and management of credit risk in our portfolio. We are focused on managing and implementing strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment. Our ability to take certain capital actions, including plans to pay or increase common stock dividends or to repurchase shares under current or future programs, is subject to the results of the supervisory assessment of capital adequacy undertaken by the federal reserve as part of the comprehensive capital analysis and review process. Our retail banking strategy is to acquire and retain customers who maintain their primary checking and transaction relationships with us. We seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, investment, and retirement solutions. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. We launched our national expansion strategy designed to grow customers with digitally-led banking and an ultra-thin branch network in markets outside of our existing retail branch network. The primary focus of the solution center is to bring a community element to our digital banking capabilities. We continue to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. Our corporate & institutional banking strategy is to be the leading relationship-based provider of traditional banking products and services to its customers through the economic cycles. We aim to grow our market share and drive higher returns by delivering value-added solutions that help our clients better run their organizations, all while maintaining prudent risk and expense management. We continue to focus on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. We have established enterprise-wide policies and methodologies to identify, measure, monitor, and report market risk. Our asset and liability management group centrally manages interest rate risk as prescribed in our risk management policies. We utilize operational risk management programs within our framework to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls.