Our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. We are making investments in energy-saving technology such as solar power and LED lights which should generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage. Our capital expenditures for 2019, and estimated capital expenditures for 2020 are expected to include certain projects that are upgrades and not traditional like-for-like replacements of existing components, and in certain circumstances replace existing components before the end of their functional lives. Such projects include installation of LED lighting, replacing existing planting configurations with more drought-tolerant and low maintenance configurations, installation of solar panels, improvements to office and customer zone configurations to provide a more customer-friendly experience, and improvements to outdoor facades and color schemes. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale across substantially all major metropolitan markets in the U.S. provides some insulation from localized economic effects and enhances the stability of our cash flows. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We plan on growing through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expanding our existing self-storage facilities. We expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. Our expected capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, net proceeds from the public issuance of senior euro-denominated notes, and expected retained operating cash flow in the next year. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for principal payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. Our development pipeline includes projects that will add approximately 4.4 million net rentable square feet at a cost of $619.2 million. We have a pipeline to add a total of 3.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space by expanding existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate direct development cost of $410.5 million. We expect these facilities to open over the next 18 months. Our facilities compete with other well-managed and well-located competitors within the local trade area, which is generally a three to five-mile radius. The increase in supply has been most notable in major markets, impacting our occupancies, rental rates, and rental growth. We have commenced a comprehensive program to rebrand our properties to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: same store facilities, acquired facilities, newly developed and expanded facilities, and other non-same store facilities. We utilize net operating income in determining current property values, evaluating property performance, and in evaluating property operating trends.