The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our services include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within the industries we serve. Our customers include many leading companies, and we endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with them. We believe there are growth opportunities across the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Utilities are investing significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided demand for our services. Utilities are accommodating a changing fuel generation mix that is moving toward more sustainable sources and replacing aging infrastructure to support long-term economic growth. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, utilities are integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve future power needs. The demand for communication and data-intensive, high-bandwidth wireline and wireless services is driving significant investment in infrastructure and the deployment of new technologies. We believe there will be meaningful demand for our services in that market. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities and the military. We continue to evaluate acquisition and investment opportunities in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries. Our revenues, margins, and other results of operations can be influenced by various factors, including changes in customer capital spending, economic conditions, and project cancellations. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and we believe that several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions may alleviate certain issues and positively impact long-term demand. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk related primarily to our cash and cash equivalents and our net receivable position with customers. Our industry is capital-intensive, and we expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments under equipment lease and rental arrangements to meet anticipated demand for our services. We have various contractual obligations related to investments in unconsolidated affiliates and other capital commitments. Our ability to generate internal growth and our dependence on fixed-price contracts may expose us to risks associated with operational hazards. We are also dependent on suppliers, subcontractors, and other third-party contractors, and our ability to access sufficient funding to finance desired growth and operations is critical. Our ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate, and realize synergies from acquisitions, as well as our ability to meet regulatory requirements, will influence our operational effectiveness and strategic resource allocation.