Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing Eylea and Dupixent. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. The scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations, particularly with Sanofi and Bayer, will influence our financial results. We have entered into various agreements related to our activities to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize product candidates and utilize our technology platforms. Our collaboration agreements may require us to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. The determination to capitalize inventory costs is based on various factors, including status and expectations of the regulatory approval process, any known safety or efficacy concerns, potential labeling restrictions, and other impediments to obtaining regulatory approval. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for Eylea, Dupixent, and Libtayo. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. The lengthy process of seeking FDA and other applicable approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under the credit facility, funds generated by anticipated Eylea and Dupixent net product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements, will enable us to meet our anticipated operating needs for the foreseeable future. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, the duration and results of clinical trials underway and of additional clinical trials that we decide to initiate, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. Under certain collaboration agreements, the amount of funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive is capped at a specified amount; therefore, we may elect to independently fund certain research and development costs in excess of such capped amounts. We enter into research collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones, which, in the aggregate, could be significant, and/or royalties calculated based on a percentage of net product sales. The payment of these amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring and for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. Our financial condition is summarized as follows: as of December 31, 2019, we also had borrowing availability of $750.0 million under a revolving credit facility. The credit agreement includes an option for us to elect to increase the commitments under the credit facility and/or to enter into one or more tranches of term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $250.0 million, subject to the consent of the lenders providing the additional commitments or term loans, as applicable, and certain other conditions. Proceeds of the loans under the credit facility may be used to finance working capital needs, and for general corporate or other lawful purposes.