We are a diversified technology company. We operate businesses that design and develop software (both license and SaaS) and engineered products and solutions for a variety of niche end markets. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based revenue growth across the segment, led by businesses serving government contracting, professional services, legal and healthcare markets. The resulting operating margin was 25.5% in the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to 24.6% in the year ended December 31, 2018. In our network software & systems segment, organic revenues increased by 5% and acquisitions accounted for 8% of our growth. The growth in organic revenues was due to broad-based revenue growth across the segment led by our network software businesses serving the transportation, healthcare and food markets. The resulting operating margin was 35.2% in the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to 36.0% in the year ended December 31, 2018. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to our medical products and water meter technology businesses, partially offset by industrial business declines. In our process technologies segment, the decrease in organic revenues was due primarily to lower demand at our businesses serving upstream oil and gas end markets. The resulting operating margin was 34.6% in the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to 34.0% in the year ended December 31, 2018. We expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and other supplemental disclosures. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the SEC. We believe the positions we have taken with regard to uncertainties are reasonable, others might reach different conclusions and our positions can change over time as more information becomes available. The most significant identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives recognized from our acquisitions are customer relationships. The fair value for customer relationships is determined as of the acquisition date using the excess earnings method. Under this methodology the fair value is determined based on the estimated future after-tax cash flows arising from the acquired customer relationships over their estimated lives after considering customer attrition and contributory asset charges. In evaluating the amortizable life for customer relationship intangible assets, management considers historical customer attrition patterns. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2020 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. We may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources.