In January 2018, we eliminated certain positions following the consolidation of select back-office functions, including but not limited to the integration of our national accounts support functions into our existing corporate support functions. During 2019, we incurred restructuring charges of $14.2 million that primarily related to the redesign of our back-office software systems. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills and other administrative functions. The two field groups, group 1 and group 2, are presented below as our reportable segments, which provide integrated waste management services consisting of non-hazardous solid waste collection, transfer, recycling, disposal and environmental services. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. In 2020, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities and reducing costs. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2020. We expect 2020 revenue to increase by approximately 4.25 to 5.00% comprised of increases in average yield and acquisitions, net of divestitures. The majority of our revenue is generated from our solid waste collection operations, with remaining revenue from other services, including transfer station, landfill disposal, recycling, and environmental services. Our residential, small-container and large-container collection operations in some markets are based on long-term contracts with municipalities. Certain of our municipal contracts have annual price escalation clauses that are tied to changes in an underlying base index such as a consumer price index. We generally provide small-container and large-container collection services to customers under contracts with terms up to three years. Our revenue from environmental services consists mainly of fees we charge for disposal of non-hazardous solid and liquid waste and in-plant services, such as transportation and logistics. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.