The administrative segment's SG&A increased $32.6 million primarily due to increased investments in information systems and increased compensation, including stock-based compensation. Capital expenditures during 2019 in the Americas Group were primarily attributable to the opening of new paint stores and renovation and improvements in existing stores. In the Consumer Brands Group and the Performance Coatings Group, capital expenditures during 2019 were primarily attributable to improvements and normal equipment replacements in manufacturing and distribution facilities. The administrative segment incurred capital expenditures primarily for information systems hardware. The plans are contingent upon completion of standard due diligence, approvals of economic development incentives and other matters at the state, county and city levels, and resolution of business and legal matters that accompany such major real estate investment projects. The predominant share of the capital expenditures in 2020 is expected to be for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution and research and development facilities, new store openings, new or upgraded information systems hardware and the new global headquarters and R&D center in Ohio. The company does not anticipate the need for any specific long-term external financing to support these capital expenditures. The company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company entered into foreign currency forward contracts with maturity dates of less than twelve months in 2019, 2018 and 2017, primarily to hedge against value changes in foreign currency. The company has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments. The company offers product warranties for certain products. The specific terms and conditions of such warranties vary depending on the product or customer contract requirements. Management estimated the costs of unsettled product warranty claims based on historical results and experience and included an amount in other accruals. Management periodically assesses the adequacy of the accrual for product warranty claims and adjusts the accrual as necessary. The company is involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of its currently and formerly owned sites. The company initially provides for estimated costs of environmental-related activities relating to its past operations and third-party sites for which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and when such costs can be reasonably estimated based on industry standards and professional judgment. The company continuously assesses its potential liability for investigation and remediation-related activities and adjusts its environmental-related accruals as information becomes available upon which more accurate costs can be reasonably estimated and as additional accounting guidelines are issued. The company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The company recognizes each plan's funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. The amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss will continue to be modified as actuarial assumptions and service costs change, and all such amounts will be amortized to expense over a period of years through the net pension and net periodic benefit costs. The company has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance.