Synopsys, Inc. provides products and services used across the entire silicon to software spectrum, from engineers creating advanced semiconductors to software developers seeking to ensure the security and quality of their code. The company recognizes that its revenue could be affected based on customers' research and development budgets, and spending decisions may be influenced by their business outlook and willingness to invest in new and increasingly complex chip designs. The software integrity business delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as testing for open source security vulnerabilities and license compliance. These offerings form a platform that helps customers build security into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. The company’s growth strategy is based on building on its leadership in EDA products, expanding its IP offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. As the company continues to expand its product portfolio and total addressable market, it expects to experience increased variability in total revenue. The adoption of ASC 606 has increased variability in total revenue from period to period, although the accounting impact has not affected cash generated from the business. The semiconductor & system design segment includes advanced silicon design, verification products and services, and semiconductor IP portfolio, which encompasses products and services that serve companies primarily in the semiconductor and electronics industries. Designers use EDA products to automate the IC design process and reduce errors. The software integrity segment includes a broad portfolio of products and services such as leading quality testing technologies, automated analysis, and consulting experts. The Polaris software integrity platform is an integrated cloud-based solution that provides developers with a valuable way to develop personalized approaches for open source license compliance and detect known security vulnerabilities and quality defects early in the development process. The company’s financial performance reflects a continued growth organically, as well as the adoption of ASC 606, which has limited the comparability of prior year results in revenue and commission expense. The increase in revenues for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to continued business growth in all product categories, and higher revenue recognized under the new revenue standard compared with revenue recognized under the old revenue standard. The increase in total revenue was also attributable to higher TSL license revenue from arrangements booked in prior periods and contributions from acquired companies. The overall growth of the business has been the primary driver of the increase in revenue, which is subject to fluctuations primarily due to customer requirements, including the timing and value of contract renewals. The company expects cash from operating activities to fluctuate as a result of various factors, including the timing of billings and collections, operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by higher net income and higher cash collections, partially offset by higher disbursements for operations, including vendors. The company believes that its current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under its revolving credit facility will satisfy its routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.