In 2018, we set out to simplify Sempra Energy's business model and sharpen our focus on building North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Our operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy. The California utilities received a constructive final GRC decision for the 2019 revenue requirement and attrition year adjustments for 2020 and 2021, and a final decision in the 2020 cost of capital proceeding. SDG&E contributed to the wildfire fund that was created through the wildfire legislation that addresses certain issues related to catastrophic wildfires in California. We supported Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT and acquired an indirect 50% interest in Sharyland Holdings in Texas. Cameron LNG JV's Train 1 commenced commercial operation. We entered into agreements to sell our equity interests in our South American businesses, which were previously included in our Sempra South American Utilities segment, and expect those sales to close in the first half of 2020. Our discussions below exclude discontinued operations, unless otherwise noted. The increase in earnings of $98 million in 2019 was primarily due to higher CPUC base operating margin authorized for 2019, net of operating expenses, and an income tax benefit from the release of a regulatory liability established in connection with 2017 tax reform for excess deferred income tax balances. The increase in earnings of $241 million in 2019 at SoCalGas was primarily due to higher CPUC base operating margin authorized for 2019, net of operating expenses. The increase in earnings of $157 million in 2019 at Sempra Texas Utilities primarily represents higher equity earnings from Oncor Holdings, driven by the impact of Oncor's acquisition of InfraREIT and higher revenues due to rate updates to reflect increases in invested transmission capital. The increase in earnings of $16 million at Sempra Mexico was primarily due to the start of commercial operations of the Sur de Texas-Tuxpan marine pipeline. The increase in earnings of $68 million in 2018 at Sempra Mexico was primarily due to higher earnings at TDM and improved operating results. The decrease in earnings of $269 million in 2019 at Sempra Renewables was primarily due to the sale of its remaining wind assets and investments. The decrease in losses of $611 million at Sempra LNG in 2019 was primarily due to net impairment of certain non-utility natural gas storage assets in the southeast U.S. The decrease in losses of $105 million in 2019 at Parent and Other was primarily due to higher investment gains on dedicated assets in support of our employee nonqualified benefit plan obligations. The increase in earnings attributable to common shares was $2,055 million in 2019. Sempra Energy's income tax expense in 2019 compared to an income tax benefit in 2018 was due to higher pretax income and a higher effective tax rate. The increase in equity earnings of $405 million in 2019 was primarily due to higher equity earnings from our investment in Oncor Holdings and Cameron LNG JV. Sempra Mexico is currently building terminals for the receipt, storage, and delivery of liquid fuels and developing new solar facilities, with expectations for these projects to commence commercial operation in various dates in 2020 and 2021. From 2020 through 2024, Sempra Mexico and its unconsolidated JVs expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $2.0 billion. Sempra LNG is pursuing the development of five strategically located LNG projects in North America, with a long-term goal of delivering natural gas to the largest world markets. The development of the Port Arthur LNG liquefaction project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including obtaining additional customer commitments and completing the required commercial agreements.