The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. Our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. Our three core value drivers include obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We have been consistently successful in communicating to our customers the value of our products, which has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors. The company continually evaluates its debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. The company's capital expenditures incurred from year to year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. The company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2020 to be between $160 million and $190 million with the increase from previous years attributable to the esterline businesses being under transdigm ownership for the entire fiscal year period. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business combinations, pay dividends to our shareholders, and/or make opportunistic investments in our own stock. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. The company generated $1,015.5 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2019 compared to $1,022.2 million during fiscal 2018. The increase in the use of cash of $38.5 million is primarily attributable to an increase in sales and related timing of receipt of payment from customers. The company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. The company has borrowed $350 million under the securitization facility, which bears interest at a rate of 0.9% plus LIBOR. The securitization facility is collateralized by substantially all of the company's domestic operations' trade accounts receivable.