Management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges, including managing the integration of systems and operations while safeguarding the company against external threats. Executing the company's strategy involves focusing on personal touch and technology to engender trust and provide distinctive, secure, and successful client experiences. The company has undertaken a number of strategic actions to enhance the credit quality and manage interest-rate sensitivity of its loan and lease portfolio, which includes the transfer of loans to held for sale and balance sheet restructuring actions. Truist's risk management framework is designed to ensure that business strategies and objectives are executed in alignment with its risk appetite, which includes managing technology risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, and adoption of information technology across the company. The company maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security framework to monitor and evaluate threats and events, continually adapting its risk mitigation activities. Truist's cybersecurity risk program is overseen by the board and executive leadership, ensuring that significant time and attention are devoted to its oversight. The company utilizes a change management program to manage the risks associated with integrating heritage BB&T and heritage SunTrust, which includes oversight of integration activities by the board and executive leadership. Management believes that current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet Truist's requirements and plans for continued growth. The company actively manages its interest rate risk with the strategic repricing of its assets and liabilities, taking into account the volumes, maturities, and mix, with the goal of keeping net interest margin as stable as possible. Truist's investment strategies are reviewed based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, and funding opportunities. The company also employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of risk assumed and the diversity of the loan portfolio, which is essential for managing credit risk. The integration of systems and operations is critical for realizing the potential benefits from the merger, including anticipated synergies and cost savings. Management's approach to the validation and evaluation of the accuracy of Truist's models includes ongoing monitoring and maintenance performed by various model developers, ensuring that models are updated in response to changes in portfolio composition and economic conditions. The company's risk management framework includes a comprehensive change management program to oversee integration activities and ensure alignment with its risk appetite. Truist's technology risk framework provides the foundation for managing technology risk and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk effectively. The company actively engages in monitoring and evaluating its technology capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.