Over the last several years, we have made strategic investments to build a durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. We have expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, which elevate the shopping experience and give our guests new reasons to choose Target. During 2019, over 70% of our comparable digital sales growth was driven by same-day fulfillment options: order pickup, drive up, and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, Shipt. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. The increase in 2019 sales compared to 2018 is due to a 3.4 percent comparable sales increase and the contribution from new stores. Our stores fulfill the majority of digitally originated sales, including shipment from stores to guests, store order pickup or drive up, and delivery via Shipt. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using Redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our Redcards are also incremental sales for Target. Our gross margin rate was 28.9 percent in 2019, reflecting merchandising efforts to optimize costs, pricing, promotions, and assortment, partially offset by increased supply chain and digital fulfillment costs. We have delivered a steady stream of newness and exclusives across our assortment, including the 2019 launch of our new food and beverage owned brand, Good & Gather, which we expect will become our largest owned brand. We have invested significantly in our team, including a $13 starting hourly wage with a commitment to $15 by the end of 2020. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. We have completed over 700 remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017 and expect to maintain our pace of approximately 300 remodels in 2020. We expect capital expenditures in 2020 of approximately $3.5 billion as we continue the current store remodel program, open additional small-format stores, and accelerate investments in our supply chain. Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase programs for the foreseeable future. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions.