The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, and throughout other parts of the world, primarily through joint ventures. The company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations; accordingly, the portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders. The primary goals of the company's asset-liability management process are to satisfy the insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company employs various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements for its qualified pension plan. The company's overall strategy is to achieve a mix of approximately 85% to 90% of investments for long-term growth and 10% to 15% for near-term benefit payments with a diversification of asset types, fund strategies, and fund managers. The company utilizes uncollateralized letters of credit issued by major banks to provide a portion of the capital needed to support its obligations at Lloyd's. The company expects retention levels will remain strong by historical standards during 2020. The company expects that domestic renewal premium changes for 2020 will remain positive and will be higher than the level attained in 2019. The company expects that renewal premium changes with respect to domestic management liability business for 2020 will remain positive and will be higher than the level attained in 2019. The company expects that domestic agency homeowners and other renewal premium changes for 2020 will remain positive and will be higher than the level attained in 2019. The company expects that for 2020 in the aggregate, the underlying underwriting margin will be higher, and the underlying combined ratio will be lower than in 2019, assuming the anticipated impacts of earned pricing in excess of loss cost trends and improved results in the company's international business. The company has entered into reinsurance agreements to manage its exposure to losses and protect its capital. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with catastrophe bonds issued by Long Point Re III. The company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company believes it has meritorious defenses to any claims and has received favorable rulings in certain jurisdictions. The company continues to pursue settlement opportunities. The company categorizes its asbestos reserves based on various factors, including available insurance coverage, limits and deductibles, and past and anticipated future claim activity. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements. The company's actuaries are continually monitoring developments within the profession for advances in existing techniques or the creation of new techniques that might improve current and future estimates. The company utilizes various report year development methods for the construction defect components of its product line. The company believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates for its various businesses. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements. The company continues to receive notices from policyholders tendering claims for the first time, frequently under policies issued prior to the mid-1980s.