The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We remained focused on implementing unified plan 2020, which aims to operate a safe, reliable, and efficient railroad by increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs. A component of unified plan 2020 is to look for ways to reduce "car touches" on our network, ultimately resulting in opportunities to reduce the number of terminals where we perform switching activities. In 2020, we will continue to implement unified plan 2020 and g55+0 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Continued implementation of these initiatives will include utilizing our existing network capacity, longer train length, and fewer car touches resulting in additional terminal consolidation opportunities, improved asset utilization, and fewer car classifications. These additional changes, combined with other g55+0 initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision-making processes to be more agile and responsive to our customers' needs. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture, courage to care and commit throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk; detect rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. Our capital plan includes an increase in capacity and facility investments intended to improve productivity and operational efficiency. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency and productivity by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. Our operating ratio of 60.6% was an all-time record and improved 2.1 points compared to 2018, mainly driven by productivity initiatives, core pricing gains, and lower fuel prices, which were partially offset by inflation, increased casualty costs, and other cost hurdles. We expect continued margin improvement driven by pricing opportunities in excess of inflation, ongoing g55+0 productivity initiatives, including unified plan 2020, resulting in at least $500 million of productivity savings, while better leveraging our resources and strengthening our franchise. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial in responding to changing business needs and directions. The implementation of unified plan 2020 drove a 6% improvement in freight car velocity, and average terminal dwell time in 2019 decreased 17% compared to 2018 largely due to improved terminal processes, transportation plan changes to eliminate switches, and a decrease in freight car inventory levels. We expect to fund our 2020 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand.