In October 2019, we refined the bond matching approach used to determine the discount rate for our U.S. pension and postretirement plans by implementing advances in technology and modeling techniques. This refinement decreased the projected benefit obligation on our consolidated balance sheet by approximately $900 million as of December 31, 2019, decreased the pre-tax mark-to-market charge by approximately $810 million, and increased net income by $616 million, or $0.71 per share on a basic and diluted basis. We continue to deploy and utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity by reducing manual touchpoints. Our ongoing investment in automated facilities and other transformation initiatives enabled growth from a number of large customers and small and medium-sized businesses, with volume growth led by our largest customer, Amazon. We experienced growth in business-to-consumer shipments, which represented approximately 54% of the total U.S. domestic package average daily volume, driven by the growth in e-commerce and retail. The growth in pickup and delivery and network operational costs was impacted by several factors, including higher employee compensation and benefit costs largely resulting from volume growth, which resulted in an increase in average daily union labor hours of 4.7%. We incurred higher employee benefit expenses due to additional headcount, contractual contribution rate increases to union multiemployer plans, and changes in benefit eligibility for certain union employees. We continue to evaluate opportunities to optimize our capital structure, including through issuances of debt or equity to refinance existing debt and to fund ongoing cash needs. Our capital expenditures on information technology increased in 2019 compared to 2018 due to continuing development of technology-enabled solutions and capitalized software projects. The increase in repairs and maintenance expense was driven by maintenance of our aircraft, routine repairs to buildings and facilities, and maintenance of our other transportation equipment, due to additional investments we have made in recent periods. We believe that our current cash position, access to commercial paper programs and debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be adequate not only for operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs, transformation strategy, and to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, pension contributions, and long-term debt payments through the next several years. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor for our pension and postretirement defined benefit plans immediately as part of net periodic benefit cost other than service cost. The refinement of our approach to determining the discount rate for our pension plans reflects our commitment to leveraging technology and data management to enhance operational efficiency and financial performance.