We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the fragmented and diverse equipment rental industry because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. Our strategy focuses on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We have executed a disciplined focus on increasing our profitability and return on invested capital, which includes a continued focus on "lean" management techniques, including kaizen processes aimed at continuous improvement. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with our objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We plan to open at least 25 specialty rental branches/tool hubs/onsite services locations in 2020 and continue to invest in specialty rental fleet to position ourselves as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. Our management believes that EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA provide useful information about operating performance and period-over-period growth, and help investors gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting our ongoing cash earnings. We manage our liquidity using internal cash management practices, which are subject to the policies and cooperation of the financial institutions we utilize. Our principal existing sources of cash are cash generated from operations and from the sale of rental equipment, and borrowings available under our ABL and accounts receivable securitization facilities. We expect that our principal needs for cash relating to our operations over the next 12 months will be to fund operating activities and working capital, purchase rental equipment, make debt service payments, and pursue acquisitions. Our strategic acquisitions allow us to invest our capital to expand our business, further driving our ability to accomplish our strategic goals. The rental industry is cyclical, and we monitor the margin variances for our segments to confirm the expectation of future convergence. We believe that the regions aggregated into our segments have similar economic characteristics, as each region is capital intensive and subject to similar competitive risks. We are exposed to various claims relating to our business, including those for which we retain portions of the losses through self-insurance. Our estimation process for self-insurance reserves is based on management estimates, which incorporate periodic actuarial valuations. We regularly review for impairments, and our goodwill impairment testing indicated that all of our reporting units, excluding our fluid solutions Europe reporting unit, had estimated fair values that exceeded their respective carrying amounts. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our operations over the next 12 months, and we may seek additional financing through various means as market conditions permit. Our technology systems and support are integral to our operations, and we continuously evaluate our technology capabilities to ensure alignment with our strategic objectives.