We continue to focus on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, which is a life-threatening genetic disease. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. To supplement our internal research programs, we acquire technologies and programs and collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations, and other organizations as needed to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We have entered into arrangements with third parties, including collaboration and licensing arrangements, for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our combined research and development expenses increased primarily due to research expenses associated with our business development activities. We monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements include significant expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We are subject to various data protection and privacy laws and regulations in the U.S., E.U., Canada, Australia, and other jurisdictions. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We seek to acquire drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies and businesses that have the potential to complement our ongoing research and development efforts. Our acquisition of Exonics enhanced our gene-editing capabilities and supports the potential development of novel therapies. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties and acquired certain assets that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets.