We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategic focuses on investing in people, technology, and growth to drive continued growth in the year ahead. The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and those waste streams are becoming more complex. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. Our collection and disposal business continued to see strong operating results, primarily driven by internal revenue growth, acquisitions and divestitures, and decreased fuel costs due in part to a year-over-year increase in federal natural gas fuel credits. We have been working to improve our financial returns by driving a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our costs of contamination. Additionally, we continued our focus on developing a sustainable recycling business model that meets customers' environmental needs but is also economically sustainable. Our commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth during 2019 included allocating significant cash to capital expenditures and the acquisition of solid waste businesses. The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to higher costs associated with planned investments in our people and technology, increased acquisition-related costs, and litigation reserves. The increase in professional fees was primarily driven by higher consulting fees related to our strategic investments in operating, customer-facing, and back-office technologies. We expect the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people, technology, and growth to drive continued growth. Our operations performed well, benefiting from a favorable macroeconomic environment, including steady spending by consumers and businesses, which led to volume and gross margin growth. We experienced growth in our collection and disposal lines of business, particularly in segments driven by the consumer portion of the economy. Overall, we have benefited from a generally favorable macroeconomic environment, including steady spending by consumers and businesses, which have led to volume and gross margin growth. The increase in depreciation of tangible property and equipment was primarily related to higher capital expenditures due to an intentional focus on accelerating certain fleet and landfill spending to support the company's strong collection and disposal growth. Our commitment to technology investments reflects our understanding that effective IT capabilities are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing operational efficiency. The increase in labor and related benefits costs was driven by volume growth in our collection and disposal business, merit increases, and cost inflation. We are also experiencing solid growth in our landfill and transfer businesses, with our municipal solid waste business experiencing average yield growth. Our strategic pricing efforts focus on ensuring we overcome inflationary cost pressures and grow margins. We will continue to take steps necessary to improve long-term profitability of our recycling line of business while adapting to the evolving market dynamics and customer expectations.