We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. Our operations are located in the United States, where we maximize the utilization of our pipeline capacity by providing high quality, low cost transportation of natural gas to large and growing markets. The rates for the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce are subject to regulation, and changes in commodity prices and volumes transported have limited near-term impact on these revenues because the majority of cost of service is recovered through firm capacity reservation charges in transportation rates. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and control operating costs. We anticipate that our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2020 will primarily include transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include opposition to, and legal regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, and lower than anticipated demand for natural gas and natural gas products. We have continued to focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and control operating costs. Our operations are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost, and we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual cost incurred to replace existing assets. Our focus on operational excellence and customer satisfaction is critical in the context of market dynamics and competition. We believe that our ability to effectively support business needs through IT capabilities is essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The ongoing evolution of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT governance and management practices are designed to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives, enabling us to respond effectively to market changes and customer demands.