We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. We have taken strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio for the long-term, including the acquisition of Flipkart, which has impacted our financial results. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We measure operating discipline through expense leverage, which we define as net sales growing at a faster rate than operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. Our total revenues increased due to increases in net sales, which were positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales for Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, along with the addition of net sales from Flipkart. The gross profit rate decreased primarily due to price investment in the Walmart U.S. segment and the addition of Flipkart in the Walmart international segment. Our operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased due to our focus on expense management combined with our growth in comparable store sales. We leverage operating expenses as a result of strong sales and productivity improvements, which were mostly offset by business restructuring charges. Our capital expenditures reflect our focus on technology investments, with a significant allocation to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels. We project capital expenditures will be approximately $11 billion, with a focus on store remodels and customer initiatives, ecommerce, technology, and supply chain. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future. We utilize intercompany financing arrangements to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. Our investment in technology and process improvements is aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting our long-term growth strategies. The integration of technology into our operations is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and optimizing business processes.