Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all major species. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. The diversity of our product portfolio and our global operations provides stability to our overall business. We believe the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We view the strength of our team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. We are committed to continuing to be a company our colleagues can be proud of and to attracting, retaining and developing the best talent in the industry. We believe that delighting our customers with compelling and personalized experiences that enable them to provide the best care for animals is critical for our success. We believe that our investments in technology and data analytics will enhance our operational efficiency and improve our ability to respond to market dynamics. Our commitment to integrating and connecting our portfolio aims to reduce frictions in the way customers engage with us and our products and solutions. We believe that our investments in digital and data analytics will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. Our operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. We are focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio. We believe that our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We believe that the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users.