Berkshire’s board of directors has identified certain current subsidiary managers who, in their judgment, are capable of succeeding Mr. Buffett and has agreed on a replacement should a replacement be needed, and the board continually monitors this risk, believing that the board’s succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate this risk. We need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments, and in our decentralized business model there are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Although we rely on information technology in virtually all aspects of our business and our systems have been subject to cyber attacks, we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning and business impact analysis. Maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances; we will not repurchase our stock if it reduces the total amount of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury bills holdings below $20 billion. We concentrate a high percentage of the investments of our insurance subsidiaries in a relatively small number of equity securities and recognize that a significant decline in the fair values of our larger investments may produce a material decline in consolidated shareholders’ equity and in our consolidated book value per share, which could have a materially adverse effect on our claims‐paying ability ratings and our ability to write new insurance business. We manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, and we acknowledge that market and technology changes may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. We regularly make significant capital expenditures to improve and maintain our railroad network and our utilities and energy generation, transmission and distribution systems so that transportation and energy services can be safely and reliably provided on a timely basis, and we forecast capital expenditures to support ongoing operational continuity under varying market conditions. Through these measures—succession planning, decentralized management, risk mitigation planning, ample liquidity, concentration of strategic investments, competitive initiative and continuing capital investment—Berkshire seeks to mitigate disruptions, preserve integrity and maintain performance under both nominal and adverse conditions.