NEE and FPL disclose that “the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of NEE and FPL are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond the control of NEE and FPL,” and that “any inability or failure to recover in a timely manner any significant amount of costs, a return on certain assets or a reasonable return on invested capital … could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.” They emphasize that “the operations of NEE and FPL are subject to complex and comprehensive federal, state and other regulation” and that they “must address the effects of regulation on their business,” while “regulatory decisions … may require, for example, FPL to cancel or delay planned development activities, to reduce or delay other planned capital expenditures or to pay for investments or otherwise incur costs that it may not be able to recover through rates.” In September 2017, Hurricane Irma “caus[ed] damage,” yet FPL “restored power to approximately 50% of its affected customers within one day and to approximately 95% of affected customers within seven days,” and in December 2017, FPL “used available reserve amortization to offset nearly all of the write-off of Hurricane Irma storm restoration costs, and plans to partially restore the reserve amortization through tax savings generated during the term of the 2016 rate agreement.” They caution that “a disruption or failure of electric generation, transmission or distribution systems … could prevent NEE and FPL from operating their business in the normal course and could result in any of the adverse consequences described above.” They note that “recovery of costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities is or may be subject to regulatory approval, and any determination by the regulator not to permit timely and full recovery of the costs incurred could have a material adverse effect on NEE's and FPL's business.” They acknowledge that “weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity … and affect the price of energy,” and that “severe weather and natural disasters … can be destructive and cause power outages and property damage … and require NEE and FPL to incur additional costs to restore service and repair damaged facilities, to obtain replacement power and to access available financing sources.” They further identify threats of “terrorism, cyber attacks, or individuals and/or groups attempting to disrupt NEE’s and FPL’s business,” stating that “these events … could harm NEE's and FPL's business, for example, by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, by limiting their ability to bill customers and collect and process payments, and by delaying their development and construction of new generation, distribution or transmission facilities.” They describe their use of “derivative instruments … to manage their commodity and financial market risks,” and warn that “NEE's inability or failure to manage properly or hedge effectively the commodity risks within its portfolios could materially adversely affect NEE's business,” while noting that “reductions in the liquidity of energy markets may restrict the ability of NEE to manage its operational risks, which, in turn, could negatively affect NEE's results of operations.” They highlight that “NEE and FPL rely on access to capital and credit markets as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and other operations requirements,” and that “disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in those capital and credit markets could increase NEE's and FPL's cost of capital and affect their ability to fund their liquidity and capital needs and to meet their growth objectives.” They observe that subsidiaries must periodically apply for licenses and permits “and abide by their respective conditions,” and that “any failure to negotiate successful project development agreements … could have similar results,” and that “NEE and FPL are subject to credit and performance risk from customers, hedging counterparties and vendors,” which “may adversely affect the ability of some customers, hedging counterparties and vendors to perform as required under their contracts.” They recognize that “their information technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to such activities,” and note that “any such failure or disabling event could materially adversely affect NEE's and FPL's ability to process transactions and provide services.” They also note that insurance “may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available,” and that “if insurance coverage is not available or obtainable on acceptable terms, NEE or FPL may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events.”