UPS discloses that its U.S. and international operations “are subject to normal cycles affecting the economy . . . and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors,” underscoring the need for adaptability, resource reconfiguration and business continuity in the face of adverse economic conditions. The Company “continually adjust[s] our air and ground networks to better match higher volume levels” and has undertaken “network investments and portfolio initiatives,” including automation projects, facility construction and the deployment of Saturday operations, to absorb strain and preserve performance under volume surges, capacity constraints, severe weather, natural or manmade disasters and other external pressures. UPS mitigates exposures to fuel price volatility through “indexed fuel surcharges” and hedging transactions, and manages currency and interest rate risk with derivative instruments, adjusting fuel and currency indices more frequently to align with prevailing market rates. Recognizing potential disruptions from security breaches, cyber-attacks and evolving data protection regulations, the Company “invested and continue[s] to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans,” while self-insuring for workers’ compensation, auto liability and other risks to maintain organizational flexibility. Pricing strategies such as base rate increases, peak surcharges during high-volume periods and product-mix shifts support margin resilience, and the use of non-GAAP financial measures for management decision-making and incentive compensation ensures strategic allocation of resources. UPS further emphasizes financial resilience by maintaining “cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities,” access to commercial paper and long-term debt markets, and by making significant capital investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology and facilities, thereby enabling the organization to maintain partial integrity and functionality under challenging conditions and to emerge stronger from disruptive events.