During fiscal 2014, we continued to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offering. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced products. Our subscription revenue is derived primarily from fees we charge for our subscription and hosted service offerings, and we expect our subscription revenue will continue to increase as a result of our investments in new SaaS and subscription models. We recognize that changes in assumptions or judgments or changes to the elements in a software arrangement could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period. Our digital media segment has transformed our business model, driving our revenue to be more recurring and predictable as revenue is recognized ratably. We continue to experience strong adoption of our creative cloud subscription offerings, which has caused our creative cloud subscription revenue to increase as compared to the year-ago period. The increase in creative cloud subscriptions reflects our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, demonstrating our operational flexibility and resilience in a competitive landscape. 

We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our strategic initiatives aim to drive higher long-term revenue growth through an expansion of our customer base by acquiring new users through a lower cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value. The strong adoption of our Adobe marketing cloud solutions, including Adobe Campaign, reflects our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The results of our annual impairment test indicate there is no significant risk of future material goodwill impairment in any of our reporting units, suggesting a stable organizational health. 

Our operational management practices, including the evaluation of assumptions, judgments, and estimates, are designed to mitigate risks associated with our business operations. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. The increase in deferred revenue is primarily due to increased subscription and enterprise term license agreement activity for our creative cloud offerings, reflecting our ability to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to market demands. We expect that our shippable backlog will continue to be insignificant in future periods, indicating a stable operational environment. Our focus on strategic adaptation and resilience strategies positions us to confront future challenges and leverage opportunities for growth and innovation.