We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and their customers, and we do not assume underwriting risks. We have generated positive organic growth in the last sixteen quarterly periods in both our brokerage and risk management segments. Our acquisition program and our integration efforts are meeting our expectations. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. By the end of 2014, 32% of our revenues were generated internationally in our combined brokerage and risk management segments, compared with 23% in 2013. We achieved these results by demonstrating expense discipline and headcount control, continuing to pursue our acquisition strategy, and generating organic growth in our core businesses. Our operating results improved in 2014 compared to 2013 in both our brokerage and risk management segments. We believe our customers are increasingly optimistic about their business prospects. We anticipate our clean energy investments to generate between $90.0 million and $110.0 million to net earnings in 2015. We expect to use these additional earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent commissions from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We believe that the presentation of ebitdac, ebitdac margin, adjusted ebitdac, and diluted net earnings per share (as adjusted) for the brokerage and risk management segments provides a meaningful representation of our operating performance. The increase in operating expense in 2014 compared to 2013 was due primarily to increases in real estate expenses, technology expenses, meeting and client entertainment expenses, professional and banking fees, business insurance, and employee expenses, slightly offset by a favorable foreign currency translation and a decrease in bad debt expense. We expect the historically favorable trend in earnings before income taxes, adjusted for non-cash items, to continue in the foreseeable future because we intend to continue to expand our business through organic growth from existing operations and growth through acquisitions. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted for realized gains and losses, and our non-cash expenses. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive. Historically, our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We anticipate positive net cash flow related to IRC section 45 activity in 2015. We believe that we have sufficient capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. We are aware that some of the coal-fired power plants that purchase the refined coal are considering changing to burning natural gas rather than coal, or shutting down completely for economic reasons. The entities that own such plants are prepared to move the refined coal plants to other, generally higher volume, coal-fired power plants. If these potential developments were to occur, we estimate those plants will not operate for 12 to 18 months during their movement and redeployment, which could have a material impact on the amount of tax credits that are generated by these plants.