The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Our continuing operations are reported in three segments: domestic rental and management, international rental and management, and network development services. We define segment gross margin as segment revenue less segment operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation expense recorded in costs of operations; depreciation, amortization and accretion; selling, general, administrative and development expense; and other operating expense. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless communications services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. Our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless communications services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital, and general economic conditions. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. We operate as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The loan agreements for the 2014 credit facility, the 2013 credit facility, and the 2013 term loan contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. These include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets, and liens. The loan agreements also contain covenants that establish three financial tests with which we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply related to total leverage, senior secured leverage, and interest coverage. Our liquidity is dependent on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We believe that the debt agreements represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor’s understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity. The revenues generated by our rental and management operations may also be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. Revenue lost from either cancellations of leases at the end of their terms or rent negotiations historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our rental and management operations. Our holistic master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced collocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites.