We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprises. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue rapidly growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. To support revenue growth, we have increased our international presence to include offices in 11 countries, and we intend to continue investing in our research and development organization to enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to our operating system. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies. We work closely with third parties to manufacture and deliver our products, and our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise. We believe that our future success will depend on our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. We face intense competition, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. We expect our operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we continue to invest in the growth of our business. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development. We expect our results of operations to be impacted by the timing and size of these product development investments. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, together with cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us.