We continue to believe we are well positioned to help our customers save money and meet their needs in a challenging macro environment. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product quantities and assortment. We have closely studied our hub distribution model and store inventory levels and assortment, performing strategic tests including adding additional inventory into our hub stores, increasing product availability, and delivering to stores more frequently. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. Although the average age of vehicles continues to increase, it is increasing at a decelerated rate primarily driven by the improvement in new car sales in recent years. However, in the near term, we expect the aging vehicle population to continue to increase as consumers keep their cars longer in an effort to save money during this uncertain economy. As the number of seven-year-old or older vehicles on the road increases, we expect an increase in demand for the products we sell. We initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability, which increased our inventory per store. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. These extended payment terms have allowed us to continue our high accounts payable to inventory ratio. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to our new-store development program, enhancements to existing stores and supply chain infrastructure, and the acquisition of IMC. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. Our liquidity is supported by cash flows realized through the sale of automotive parts and products. We have opened 580 new stores from the beginning of fiscal 2012 to August 30, 2014. Our cash flows from operations are unfavorable to last year due to the change in inventories net of payables, partially offset by the growth in net income. We expect to invest in our business at an increased rate as compared to fiscal 2014. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We have not experienced any fundamental shifts in our category sales mix as compared to previous years. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to adjust our advertising message and product assortment in response to market conditions. We evaluate the likelihood of impairment by considering qualitative factors, such as macroeconomic, industry, market, or any other factors that could impact the reporting unit's fair value. We believe our estimates to be reasonable and have not experienced material adjustments to our reserves in the previous three years. Our self-insurance reserve estimates reflect our growing operations, including inflation, increases in health care costs, the number of vehicles, and the number of hours worked. We have a significant portion of the risks associated with workers' compensation, employee health, general and products liability, property, and vehicle liability retained, and we obtain third-party insurance to limit exposure related to certain of these risks. We utilize various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims.