We are a leading provider of online travel and travel-related reservation and search services, with a principal goal to serve consumers and our travel service provider and restaurant partners with worldwide leadership in online reservation services. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe that the online restaurant reservation business is complementary to our online travel businesses, and that both opentable and our travel businesses will benefit from adding opentable to the priceline group. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is the result of broader shifts in consumer behavior, including the shift of travel purchases from offline to online and the widespread adoption of mobile devices. Our growth has primarily been generated by our international accommodation reservation service brands, and we expect that over the long term, international online travel growth rates will follow a similar trend to that experienced in the United States. We intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our websites, including hotels, bed and breakfasts, hostels, and vacation rentals. Concerns persist about the outlook for the global economy, particularly regarding sovereign debt levels in certain countries, which could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. Disruptions in the economies of such countries could indicate deteriorating macro-economic conditions. We face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates as our international businesses are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. Significant fluctuations in currency exchange rates can impact consumer travel behavior, potentially leading to lower average daily rates for accommodations and affecting our gross bookings. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and volatility in foreign exchange rates complicates our ability to forecast industry and consumer trends, which could adversely affect our business management and results of operations. We compete with both online and traditional travel services, and the market for travel reservation services is intensely competitive. We have established widely recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns, and we intend to continue a strategy of promoting brand awareness. Our mobile offerings have received strong reviews and achieved solid download trends, driving a material and increasing share of our business. However, if we are unable to continue to rapidly innovate and create new, user-friendly mobile offerings, we could lose market share. The impact of seasonality can be exaggerated in the short term by the gross bookings growth rate of the business. We experience the highest levels of booking and travel consumption for our Asia-Pacific and South American businesses in the first and fourth quarters. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and technology to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that our future success depends on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and expand into other international markets. Factors beyond our control, such as worldwide recession, natural disasters, and political instability, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We believe that these matters will likely not be resolved in the next twelve months, and we have classified the estimated liability as "non-current" on the consolidated balance sheet.