We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the technologies necessary for integrated system and SOC design with an end product in mind. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. We expect to continue to invest in research and development and customer and partner relationships. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations. Our ability to achieve a consistent revenue mix such that approximately 90% of our revenue is recurring in nature may be impacted primarily by hardware sales. The timing of our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, emulation hardware and IP products in the bookings executed in any given period and whether the revenue for such bookings is recognized in a recurring manner over multiple periods or up front, upon completion of delivery. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our license agreements. The decrease in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2014 was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers, working capital requirements, payments under our recent restructuring plans, payments for our voluntary early retirement program and an increase in cash paid for taxes, net of tax refunds. Our customers' inability to fulfill payment obligations would adversely affect our cash flow. We expect that cash flows from operating activities will fluctuate in future periods due to a number of factors, including our operating results, tax payments and the timing of our billings, collections and disbursements. We have initiated various restructuring plans to better align our resources with our business strategy, including a restructuring plan we initiated during fiscal 2014 and a restructuring plan we initiated during fiscal 2013. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future. We have a history of accurately estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects. A number of internal and external factors can affect our estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances, and specification and testing requirement changes. If different conditions were to prevail such that accurate estimates could not be made, then the use of the completed contract method would be required and the recognition of all revenue and costs would be deferred until the project was completed. Our restructuring and other charges recorded during fiscal 2014 consisted primarily of costs for severance and termination benefits and impairment of certain property, plant and equipment related to the 2014 restructuring plan. We expect our operating expenses to generally increase during fiscal 2015, primarily due to expected hiring of additional employees and because fiscal 2015 will include a full year of operating expenses for additional research and development and sales personnel added during fiscal 2014 through hiring and our fiscal 2014 acquisitions. We also expect stock-based compensation included in operating expenses to increase during fiscal 2015 due to amortization during fiscal 2015 of unrecognized expense related to unvested awards that generally have higher grant-date fair values compared to awards vested in previous years and amortization of new awards granted during fiscal 2015. Our investments are made in accordance with our cash investment policy, which governs the amounts and types of investments we hold in our portfolio. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows that are generated from operations, proceeds from our 2024 notes and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including servicing the maturity or conversion of our 2015 notes, acquisitions, if any, and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months.