This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices; extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities; and risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies' forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. Dominion's strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. Dominion expects 80% to 90% of future earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted businesses. In 2015, Dominion is expected to experience an increase in net income on a per share basis as compared to 2014, reflecting growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales and construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations. Additionally, Dominion expects to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including significant investments in utility solar generation. Dominion's operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The company utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements, which are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, and the credit quality of its counterparties. Dominion may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances. The company monitors its debt covenants on a regular basis to ensure that events of default will not occur. As of December 31, 2014, there have been no events of default under or changes to Dominion's debt covenants. The company anticipates that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other regulatory programs will generally address the requirements of the Clean Air Act. Dominion currently cannot predict with certainty the direct or indirect financial impact on operations from proposed rule revisions but believes the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material. The company develops assumptions for its employee benefit plans based on historical information and expected future trends, which are critical for managing its financial obligations. Dominion's strategic investment policies are established based on periodic asset/liability studies, and it aims to reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk while achieving attractive levels of returns.