During fiscal 2014, demand for new homes reflected stable to moderately improved trends across most of our operating markets, with varying levels of strength in new home demand and home prices across our markets, reflecting the relative strength of each market's economy. Our position as the largest and most geographically diverse builder in the United States provides a strong platform for us to compete for new home sales. We have used our liquidity and balance sheet flexibility to provide the capital to increase our investments in housing and land inventory, expand our product offerings, and geographically expand our operations. Our operating strategy is focused on leveraging our strong financial and competitive position to generate strong profitability, improve cash flows, and increase our returns on our inventory investments. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is closely tied to each market's economy; therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, significant increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. 

We have introduced new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market. Our operating strategy includes actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. We have modified product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand, align with finished lot supply and construction activity, and optimize returns on inventory investments and cash flows. 

We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or finished lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our inventories reflect our management of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets. We have significantly increased our investments in land and lot acquisition and land development across all of our market regions in recent years to expand our operations as market conditions improved. 

We manage our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand, monitoring the number and aging of unsold homes, and aggressively marketing unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years, but we cannot provide assurances that the initiatives will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. 

We expect that our operating strategy will allow us to increase our profitability while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our organizational resilience.