Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development and acquisition of new properties. We focus solely on technology-related real estate because we believe that the growth in corporate datacenter adoption and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to be superior to that of the overall economy. Our properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Economic downturns, including as a result of global market and economic conditions, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, restricted cash accounts established for certain future payments, and by drawing upon our global revolving credit facility. The global market and economic conditions have been unprecedented and challenging, with tighter credit conditions and slower economic growth in many markets in which we own properties and conduct our operations. Renewed or increased turbulence in the U.S., European, Asia Pacific, and other international financial markets and economies may adversely affect our ability, and the ability of our tenants, to replace or renew maturing liabilities on a timely basis, access the capital markets to meet liquidity and capital expenditure requirements, and may result in adverse effects on our, and our tenants', financial condition and results of operations. We actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the corporate datacenter, internet, and data communications industries. Any such slowdown could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for datacenter space. We believe that demand continues to exceed supply in most markets in which we operate, particularly in Dallas, Northern Virginia, and Dublin. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We are currently evaluating the carrying value of certain investment properties identified for potential sale to ensure the carrying value is recoverable in light of a potentially shorter holding period. Our strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable and therefore requiring the recording of an impairment loss. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. We may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which may include curtailing development activity or disposing of properties possibly on disadvantageous terms. We believe that our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments. However, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs.