We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity, and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers, and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Health care reform provides growth opportunities for health insurers but also introduces new risks and uncertainties and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed, and administered. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research, and data-driven processes, has positioned us to benefit from potential growth opportunities available in fully insured commercial products as a result of health care reform. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. Geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We are committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. We remain focused on implementing performance-based contracts that reward clinical outcomes and quality, and expanding our disease management and advanced care management programs. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to adapt to changes in the competitive landscape and regulatory environment. We have experienced membership declines due to unfavorable economic conditions driving increased unemployment, and we believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. The acquisition of Simply Healthcare aligns with our strategy for continued growth in our government business segment. We are aware that external pressures such as economic downturns and market volatility can impact our organizational health and performance. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guarantee association laws, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our organizational resilience. We continually monitor the situation regarding potential insolvencies and may record liabilities and expenses that could be material to our cash flows and results of operations. Our strategic initiatives focus on enhancing our operational management capabilities and ensuring our preparedness for unexpected situations, thereby maintaining our organizational effectiveness and resilience in a turbulent market environment.