The information from the 2014 annual report set forth in exhibit 13 hereto under "results of operations," "business segments," "financial position, capital resources and liquidity," "critical accounting policies," "other items" and "safe harbor statement" is hereby incorporated by reference. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial measures provide investors and analysts useful insight into Emerson's financial position and operating performance. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. Management believes that free cash flow is useful to both management and investors as a measure of the company's ability to generate cash. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. Management's use of non-GAAP financial measures aims to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future, which can be seen as a strategic initiative to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability under varying conditions. The focus on underlying sales, which exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, facilitates relevant period-to-period comparisons of sales growth by excluding those items that impact overall comparability. This approach reflects a systemic perspective on performance maintenance and resource allocation, emphasizing the importance of resilience strategies in navigating external pressures and ensuring organizational health. The utilization of various financial measures, such as EBIT and total segment EBIT margin, indicates management's commitment to assessing performance under pressure and adapting to changes in the business environment. The emphasis on operational continuity and the ability to generate cash after considering investments in capital assets are indicative of the company's focus on sustaining performance amidst challenges. Overall, the management's discussion highlights the importance of strategic response mechanisms and the need for ongoing evaluation of operational resources to support organizational effectiveness and resilience in the face of adversity.