The medical device industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property. To strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2014 we invested 14.9% of our net sales in research and development. In a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will continue to help us compete more effectively, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. We are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the new healthcare environment, with the goal of enhancing the value of delivering comprehensive care. The increase in research and development expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new aortic and mitral transcatheter heart valve therapy product development efforts, additional investments in clinical studies in the surgical heart valve therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. The healthcare environment presents both opportunities and challenges, requiring adaptability and strategic initiatives to navigate external pressures and maintain operational flexibility. Our sales growth was driven by our transcatheter heart valve therapy products which benefited from product launches, demonstrating our ability to respond effectively to market demands and innovate under competitive pressures. We believe that cash held in the United States, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our United States operating requirements for the next twelve months. However, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. We believe that we have the financial flexibility to attract long-term capital to fund short-term and long-term growth objectives. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. While we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from these uncertain tax positions. We have entered into an APA process between the Switzerland and the United States governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. These transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain. The uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. We estimate that these contingent payments could be up to approximately $110.0 million if all milestones or other contingent obligations were met.