We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves. Our activities are primarily directed at the Permian Basin in West Texas, where we intend to grow our reserves and production through development drilling, exploitation, and exploration activities. Our production was approximately 76% oil, 14% natural gas liquids, and 10% natural gas for the year ended December 31, 2014. We expect a 2015 total capital spend of $400.0 million to $450.0 million, which includes expenditures related to drilling and infrastructure. Our decision to reduce our rig count is based on our goal of maximizing return on capital and minimizing debt until we can achieve a more attractive return on our assets. The increase in operating cash flows is primarily the result of increased oil and natural gas revenues due to a significant increase in our net production. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, and other factors both within and outside our control. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations and planned capital expenditure activities. Our revenues may vary significantly from period to period as a result of changes in volumes of production sold, production mix, or commodity prices. The industry has recently observed a decline in oil prices, combined with increasing service costs, which has necessitated adjustments in our operational strategies. We are required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value, and we utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. Our capital expenditures for drilling and infrastructure were $499.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, and we spent approximately $845.8 million on acquisitions of leasehold interests. We believe that our cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2015. However, we cannot assure that needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. We assess properties for possible impairment based on various factors, including intent to drill and geological evaluations. Our asset retirement obligations primarily relate to the future plugging and abandonment of wells and related facilities, and estimating these costs requires management to make estimates and judgments. We account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting, capitalizing costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration, and development of proved oil and natural gas properties. The accuracy of reserve estimates is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment, and material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time.