Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We evaluate our long-lived mining assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Events that could result in impairment of our long-lived assets include decreases in future metal prices, decreases in estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves, and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site production levels or costs. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. A majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology, and reserve determination. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. We believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. Because the cash flows used to assess recoverability of our long-lived assets and measure fair value of our mining operations require us to make several estimates and assumptions that are subject to risk and uncertainty, changes in these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our long-lived asset values. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. We perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. Judgments and estimates are based upon available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, remediation experience, and the ability of other potentially responsible parties to pay their allocated portions. Our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions, changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties. In preparing our annual consolidated financial statements, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or receivable as well as deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and will take prudent actions in response to market conditions. We have taken steps to sell assets, defer capital spending, and will continue to evaluate opportunities to strengthen our financial position. Our portfolio of oil and gas assets includes significant oil production facilities and growth potential in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, established oil production facilities onshore and offshore California, and large onshore natural gas resources in the Haynesville shale play in Louisiana. Following the recent sharp decline in oil prices, we have taken steps to significantly reduce capital spending plans and near-term oil and gas growth initiatives in order to preserve cash flows and resources for anticipated improved market conditions in the future.