Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations provides an understanding of our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, and results of operations. Our operations are necessary for our clients to operate their businesses and are, therefore, non-discretionary in nature. We continue to implement a series of strategic initiatives to help accomplish our mission of providing integrated technology and services solutions that enable best-in-class results for our clients. These strategic initiatives include enhancing the overall value of our existing client relationships and improving operational effectiveness. The financial industry regularly introduces and implements new products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. Regulatory conditions have created a difficult operating environment for financial institutions, generating numerous new regulations that will impact the financial industry. We anticipate that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. Our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. We believe that our products and services can assist financial institutions with the regulatory and market challenges that they currently face by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The increase in total revenue during 2014 was due to revenue growth in our payments segment and financial segment, driven by our recurring revenue businesses as processing and services revenue increased. The growth in both years was primarily due to new clients and increased transaction volumes from existing clients in our card services, bill payment, and digital channels businesses. The positive revenue growth was partially offset by lower software license revenue and a discount on the renewal of a bill payment contract. Our operating income increased due to revenue growth and scale efficiencies in our card services and digital channels businesses. The operating margin improvements were primarily due to operational effectiveness initiatives and lower merger and integration expenses. Our current policy is to use our operating cash flow primarily to repay debt and fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, and share repurchases. We believe these needs will be satisfied using cash flow generated by our operations. Our capital expenditures were approximately 6% of our total revenue in 2014. We were in compliance with all financial debt covenants during 2014. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on various factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt securities, and perception of our potential future earnings. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients, and we expect that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us.