Our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of recurring technology and processing services, consulting and professional services, and software license fees. The majority of our revenue has historically been recurring, provided under multi-year contracts that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. These services, in general, are considered critical to our clients' operations. A continued trend in the financial services industry from which we are benefiting is the migration by many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and rapidly address regulatory challenges. As a provider of outsourcing solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of year-to-year economic changes on our results of operations. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are targeted and well positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. The current market pressures in the financial services industry are driving demand for our consulting and professional services as many financial institutions seek to transform their businesses to significantly reduce their cost base, innovate, and comply with increased regulatory oversight with regard to information technology and related processes. High profile North American merchant payment card information security breaches have pushed the payment card industry towards EMV integrated circuit cards as financial institutions, card networks, and merchants seek to improve information security and reduce fraud costs. We have invested in our card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities to accommodate EMV integrated circuit cards so we can guide our clients through this anticipated technology transition, sustain and grow our card-driven businesses. We believe the trend to migrate to EMV cards will accelerate, and we continue to invest to address market demand. We continue to see demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications, and cards. We believe mobile payments will grow and partially replace existing payment tender volumes over time as consumers and merchants embrace the convenience, incremental services, and benefits. Although we cannot predict which mobile payment technologies or solutions will be successful, we cautiously believe our client relationships, payments infrastructure, and experience are well positioned to maintain or grow our clients' existing payment volumes. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. Notwithstanding challenging global economic conditions, our international business continued to experience growth across all major regions on a constant currency basis during the year ended December 31, 2014. Demand for our solutions will also be driven in developing countries by government-led financial inclusion policies aimed to reduce the unbanked population and by growth in the middle classes in these markets driving the need for more sophisticated banking solutions. FIS remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect its clients and its information systems. This includes both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We also participate in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for our clients. We believe that our existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet FIS' expected liquidity needs for the operations of its business and expected capital spending for the next 12 months.