We provide high performance cyber security solutions to some of the largest enterprises, service providers, and government organizations across the globe, including a majority of the 2014 Fortune 100. Our cyber security solutions are designed to provide broad, high-performance protection against dynamic security threats while simplifying the IT infrastructure of our end-customers worldwide. Our core product platform is the Fortigate physical and virtual appliance, which ships with a set of broad security services, including firewall, VPN, application control, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and advanced threat protection. These security services are enabled by Fortiguard, which provides extensive threat research and a global cloud network to deliver protection services to each Fortigate appliance. We derive a substantial majority of product sales from our Fortigate appliances, which are designed for various business sizes, from small businesses to large enterprises and service providers. We have made significant investments in sales and marketing to increase brand awareness and grow our global sales force and distribution channels to expand our global presence both geographically and by industry segment. We continue to focus on selling to large customers, such as enterprise, service providers, and government organizations worldwide. As a result, we had increased sales from large enterprises and enterprise data center deployments, with particular strength in the telecommunication, technology, government, and financial sectors. Our strategy to increase sales capacity and invest in our marketing activities has resulted in revenue growth, driven by product innovation and the introduction of high-end appliances. We also continue to invest in research and development to strengthen our technology leadership position, which we believe has resulted in market share gains. Our operating expenses have increased due to accelerated hiring and marketing investments to support our growth while developing new products and scaling our customer support organization. We monitor key financial metrics to evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, and assess operational efficiencies. Our deferred revenue balance, which consists of amounts that have been invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue, represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. We consider billings to be a useful metric for management and investors as it is an important indicator of the health and visibility of our business. Our total revenue has increased significantly, reflecting our ability to adapt to market demands and customer needs. The growth in services revenue is expected to remain at comparable levels or increase as our customers renew existing service contracts and we expand our customer base. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and the expansion of sales and marketing activities. We expect to continue to make investments in our sales resources and infrastructure, which are critical to support growth and enhance our organizational capabilities.