Approximately 60 percent of our revenues are from the U.S. government, and our financial performance is impacted by U.S. government spending levels, particularly defense spending. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. We continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country. In navigating the current business environment, we continue to focus on improving operating earnings, expanding margins, and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash through our emphasis on effective program execution and cost-reduction activities across the business. Operating earnings and margins in the defense groups are driven by changes in volume, performance, or contract mix. Performance refers to changes in profitability based on revisions to estimates at completion on individual contracts. These revisions result from increases or decreases to the estimated value of the contract, the estimated costs to complete, or both. Therefore, changes in costs incurred in the period compared with prior periods do not necessarily impact profitability. The majority of the aerospace group's operating costs relate to new aircraft production for firm orders and consist of labor, material, subcontractor, and overhead costs. The costs are accumulated in production lots and recognized as operating costs at green aircraft delivery based on the estimated average unit cost in a production lot. We expect our continued investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the aerospace group's long-term growth. The information systems and technology group's revenues in 2014 were lower than 2013, though higher than our initial expectations. Despite the revenue decline, the group's operating margins increased, the result of solid operating performance and ongoing cost-reduction efforts across all our lines of business. As part of these efforts, we consolidated two businesses in the group effective in January of 2015 in an effort to be more efficient and responsive to our customers. Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $72.4 billion at the end of 2014, nearly 60 percent higher than the prior-year amount of $45.9 billion. The estimated potential contract value includes work awarded on unfunded indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts or unexercised options associated with existing firm contracts. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. We believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. Our cash balances are invested primarily in time deposits from highly rated banks and commercial paper rated A1/P1 or higher. We expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. The impact of these changes was a net increase in the benefit obligations of our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, respectively, on December 31, 2014. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of these costs, and this assessment requires that we make assumptions about future contract costs, the extent of cost recovery under our contracts, and the amount of future contract activity.