The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since our inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues have gone from 55% of total revenues in 2013 to 57% in 2014. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Google and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We expect both of these trends to continue to pressure our overall margins, particularly if we fail to realize the opportunities presented during the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of total revenues in 2015 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in data center costs, content acquisition costs as a result of increased usage activities related to YouTube and digital content by our users, and revenue share payments to mobile carriers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). We expect our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. In addition, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. The growth in revenues from the rest of the world as a percentage of revenues resulted largely from increased acceptance of our advertising programs and our continued progress in developing localized versions of our products for international markets. We will continue to invest heavily in R&D and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may increase as a percentage of revenues in 2015 and future periods.