The adoption of da Vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, while providing economic return to health care providers. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring significant patient value relative to alternative treatment options. Our growth through 2013 was driven by adoption of da Vinci hysterectomy, our highest volume procedure, and other gynecologic procedures, including sacrocolpopexy and myomectomy largely resulting from capturing market share from open surgery techniques for these procedures. The growth in our overall procedure volume was driven by approximately 32% growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and approximately 12% growth in worldwide urologic procedures, partially offset by approximately 2% lower U.S. gynecologic procedures. We believe that the wristed needle driver will better enable single-site surgeries requiring significant reconstruction, like hysterectomies. The increase in recurring revenue relative to system revenue reflects lower 2014 system sales and continuing adoption of procedures on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown to 3,266 at December 31, 2014, compared with 2,966 at December 31, 2013. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. We believe that da Vinci surgery continues to be a safe and effective surgical method, as supported by a substantial and growing number of scientific studies and peer-reviewed papers. However, the recent negative media publicity likely has and may continue to delay or adversely impact procedure adoption, system sales, and our revenue growth in future periods. The demand for systems is ultimately driven by da Vinci surgical procedure volume and is highly sensitive to changes in procedure growth rates. The decline in U.S. system sales in 2014 was largely driven by moderating procedure growth, economic pressure and uncertainty at hospitals associated with the Affordable Care Act, and evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics. We are currently named as a defendant in approximately 102 individual product liability lawsuits and a multi-plaintiff product liability lawsuit filed on behalf of patients who underwent da Vinci surgery. The final outcome of these claims is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict and the ultimate cost associated with these product liability claims may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. Our investments in research and development are expected to continue to increase in the future, reflecting our commitment to innovation and adaptation in response to market demands and external pressures. We anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. The increase in service revenue was driven by a larger installed base of da Vinci surgical systems producing service contract revenue. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property.