The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current conditions. Our business is affected by the increasingly concentrated nature of our semiconductor manufacturer customer base and the cyclicality of the capital equipment procurement practices of those manufacturers, with revenues directly impacted by their investment patterns. We have continued to scale our production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications, as well as to reduce cost. The demand for our products is driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. We are subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. We provide standard warranty coverage on our systems, and we account for the estimated warranty cost as a charge to costs of revenues when revenue is recognized. The actual product performance and/or field expense profiles may differ, and in those cases, we adjust our warranty accruals accordingly. Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries. We maintain certain open inventory purchase commitments with our suppliers to ensure a smooth and continuous supply for key components. Our principal source of liquidity consists of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. We utilize derivative instruments to protect our interests from unanticipated fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by volatility in currency exchange rates. Our outstanding hedge contracts were as follows: cash flow hedge contracts and other foreign currency hedge contracts. We have historically financed our liquidity requirements through cash generated from operations. We cannot predict the duration and sustainability of the recent favorable business conditions, and our revenue levels in the next fiscal year will depend upon whether our customers maintain recent levels of investment in process control equipment.