Our business model, through our ownership and operation of energy-related assets, is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable energy, bulk commodity and liquids products transportation, storage and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. To achieve these objectives, we focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. We examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. To the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our midstream group provides gathering and processing services primarily through our asset operations, which include gathering and treating natural gas in various formations. These substantially fee-based assets, along with our financial strength and extensive pipeline transportation and storage assets, provide an excellent platform to further grow our midstream group services footprint. The revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas, and fractionating NGL into their base components are also affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems, which are primarily driven by levels of natural gas drilling activity. Our business segments are evaluated based on segment earnings before all DD&A expenses, and we consider segment EBDA in relation to the level of capital employed. We believe that certain accounting policies are of more significance in our consolidated financial statement preparation process than others, which policies are discussed as follows. We utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts. Our ability to make accretive acquisitions or expand our assets is impacted by our ability to maintain adequate liquidity and to raise the necessary capital needed to fund such acquisitions. Our business model is designed to adapt to changes in market conditions, including environmental perturbations and competitive pressures, by maintaining operational flexibility and strategic agility. We believe that our stable cash flows, credit ratings, and historical records of successfully accessing both equity and debt funding sources should allow us to continue to execute our current investment, dividend, and acquisition strategies, as well as refinance maturing debt when required. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is a key component of our organizational resilience. We routinely evaluate our estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts, and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. Our operational resources and organizational practices are structured to ensure performance maintenance under pressure, enabling us to confront unexpected situations and adapt to complex environments. The extent to which changes in market conditions affect our operations is a function of the length of the underlying service contracts and the extent to which such contracts expire during any given period of time. We expect to continue to have opportunities for expansion of our facilities in many markets, and we have budgeted significant capital for our expansion program. The successful execution of our strategic initiatives is contingent upon our ability to manage risks effectively and maintain operational continuity, ensuring our organizational health and competitive advantage in turbulent markets.