We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the next three years. However, we continue to believe that our portfolio of products and services will continue to be well supported in a strategically focused allocation of budget resources. The U.S. government continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges such as financial deficits, budget uncertainty, increasing debt levels, and an economy with restrained growth. To address these challenges, the U.S. government continues to focus on discretionary spending, entitlement programs, taxes, and other initiatives to stimulate the economy, create jobs, and reduce the deficit. In light of the budget control act and deficit reduction pressures, it is likely that discretionary spending by the U.S. government will remain constrained for a number of years. While the defense budget sustained the largest single reductions under the budget control act, other civil agencies and programs have also been impacted by significant spending reductions. The possibility remains, however, that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government’s continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or budget reductions, including sequestration. The investments and acquisitions we have made in recent years have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price. Our businesses with smaller, short-term contracts are the most susceptible to the impacts of budget reductions. We expect the restructuring charges will reduce our 2015 cash flow from operations by approximately $170 million, mostly due to expected incremental costs in 2015. We continue to experience uncertainty in our business environment due to significant fiscal and economic challenges facing the U.S. government, our primary customer, as well as market pressures. While initiatives such as the bipartisan budget act provide a more measured and strategic approach to addressing the U.S. government’s fiscal challenges, budget reductions, including sequestration, remain a long-term concern. The carrying value of our civil reporting unit included goodwill of $2.2 billion as of December 31, 2014. Currently, we estimate that the fair value of our civil reporting unit exceeds its carrying value by a margin of approximately 15%. Budget reductions, contract cancellations and terminations or market pressures could cause our sales, earnings, and cash flows to further decline below our current projections.