The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and subject to business cycles that historically have been characterized by rapid changes in demand. The variability in our customers’ investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. Demand for our products increased steadily throughout fiscal year 2014 as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. We believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers’ capital expenditures rise in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share. We continued to make significant research and development investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $41 million increase in salaries and benefits related to higher headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation. The increase in R&D spending during fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 reflects a full year of combined operations with Novellus. Increased R&D expense included $111 million in salary and benefits mainly due to higher headcount, $46 million in supplies, $26 million in depreciation and amortization due to new product development, $15 million in outside services, and an additional $12 million in rent, utilities and repairs. Given the cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Based upon our current business outlook, we expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at June 29, 2014 will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us. Our cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $717 million during fiscal year 2014 consisted of net income and non-cash charges. Significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts included increases in accounts receivable and inventories. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $34 million as of June 29, 2014 compared to $70 million as of June 30, 2013. We have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. Our contractual obligations and commitments as of June 29, 2014, relating to these agreements and our guarantees are included in the table. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due to higher business volumes as well as a more favorable product mix. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to a decrease in Novellus acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustments, improved business volumes and product mix.