We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We monitor market conditions and carefully price our rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. We also modify the mix of our business to increase revenue as demand changes. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. These growth plans are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Our 2014 results reflected a favorable economic climate and demand for our brands in many markets around the world, reflecting generally low supply growth in the U.S. and Europe, improved pricing in most North American markets, and a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use website, marriott.com, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications and mobile website that connect to marriott.com, through functionality and service improvements. We expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel. We believe revenue per available room ("revpar") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, and desirable property amenities. We also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr") are meaningful indicators of our performance. Our focus on systems, processing, and support areas allows us to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in response to market demands and external pressures. We continue to invest in our brands and properties, ensuring that we can confront and adapt to unexpected situations and environmental perturbations. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance organizational resilience, allowing us to maintain performance under pressure and effectively respond to disruptive events. We believe that our approach to property-level productivity and cost management contributes to our overall organizational health and resilience in a competitive landscape.