The company recognizes that its historical success is attributable, in part, to its introduction of different and innovative beverages which have been positively accepted by consumers. The management has identified certain challenges and risks for the beverage industry and the company, including those relating to the transition of the distribution of its products to TCCC's distribution network. The company anticipates that the TCCC transaction will provide scale and platform synergies in a range of international geographies where it currently has limited presence, which is expected to increase its energy business in several international markets and establish a strong presence in additional countries. The company believes that one of the keys to success in the beverage industry is differentiation, making its brands and products visually distinctive from other beverages on the shelves of retailers. The company continuously strives to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. The management's focus includes maintaining profit margins and believes that tailored branding, packaging, pricing, and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. The company is committed to developing and introducing different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences, although there can be no assurance of its ability to do so. The company acknowledges that uncertainty and/or volatility in domestic and/or international economic markets could negatively affect both the stability of the industry and the company. The company’s growth strategy includes expanding its international business, which exposes it to risks inherent in conducting international operations, including the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The company recognizes that consumer discretionary spending represents a challenge to the successful marketing and sale of its products. The management believes that the key value drivers of the business include international growth, profitable growth, cost management, and an efficient capital structure. The company aims to optimize its working capital to finance expansion, both domestically and internationally. The management believes that its strong capital position and ability to raise funds at a relatively low effective cost of borrowings provide a competitive advantage. Following the TCCC transaction, the company expects to have a substantial amount of cash and cash equivalents, a portion of which will be used to return capital to shareholders. The company’s operational flexibility is enhanced through its strategic initiatives aimed at maintaining and improving its performance under pressure. The management is focused on developing brand awareness through image-enhancing programs and product sampling, as well as utilizing push-pull methods to enhance shelf and display space exposure in sales outlets. The company’s ability to manage legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, and its capacity to produce products in international markets are critical to its resilience strategy. The management emphasizes the importance of effective risk management policies and practices to limit risks associated with its investment portfolio, which may have an adverse effect on future results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. The company remains committed to addressing significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting and to generating sufficient cash flows to support capital expansion plans and general operating activities.