In 2014, we entered into a master acquisition agreement to sell our enterprise business for $3.5 billion, which allowed us to focus on our core government and public safety mission-critical communications business and associated expansion opportunities. This transformational year involved restructuring our operations and financial profile to become a more focused, streamlined business, which included reducing operating expenses by more than $200 million compared to 2013 and reallocating resources to key areas such as services and public safety LTE solutions. We ended 2014 with a record backlog position of $5.8 billion, up 6% compared to 2013, and experienced significant growth in multi-year software and hardware maintenance contracts, as well as managed services orders. Our overall financial profile improved with a lower structural cost base, a growing backlog position, and a material reduction in our pension obligations, which reduced volatility. We believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas, with a compelling product and services portfolio tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, we have shifted our offerings to align with technology trends, which has driven demand for our managed services, lifecycle support services, and smart public safety solutions. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services over time. Our proactive investments in next-generation public safety broadband solutions position us uniquely to provide LTE solutions to our public safety first-responder customers. We have implemented various productivity improvement plans aimed at continuing operating margin improvements by driving efficiencies and reducing operating costs. The reorganization plans initiated during 2014 are expected to provide annualized cost savings, consisting of reduced payroll and other operating expenses. Our ability to adapt to environmental pressures and maintain operational flexibility is critical for our organizational resilience. We assess our financial condition regularly, and our effective tax rate will change based on non-recurring events and the geographic mix of income. We have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months, supported by our cash and cash equivalents level. Our commitment to disciplined financial policies includes evaluating acquisition opportunities and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to explore opportunities to transition our capital structure in a way that reflects our ability to generate solid operating cash flow while prioritizing targeted investments in the business. The impact of future disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in capital markets may affect our ability to access funds, but we believe our strategic initiatives and operational management will enable us to confront challenges effectively.