The budget environment, including sequestration as currently mandated, remains a significant long-term risk. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold and what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry. We believe continued budget pressures will have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including Northrop Grumman, and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. The administration is currently preparing its FY 2016 budget request, which is expected to be submitted to Congress in the first calendar quarter of 2015. Congressional authorization and appropriation of defense and other spending for FY 2016 and beyond remain marked by significant debate and an uncertain schedule. The outcome of these debates could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular. We expect significant new competitive opportunities to include long-range strike, missile defense, command and control, network communications, enhanced situational awareness, satellite systems, restricted programs, cyber, technical services, and information technology, as well as numerous homeland security programs. The company believes it has additional international opportunities to sell its products and services outside the U.S. market, particularly in the domains of unmanned systems, cyber, C4ISR, logistics, and manned military aircraft. To the extent these efforts are successful, increases in international awards, sales, profits, and cash flows may offset potential declines resulting from the U.S. political and economic environment. We manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs. Changes in sales are generally described in terms of volume, deliveries, or other indicators of sales activity, and contract mix. Performance generally refers to changes in contract operating margin rates for the period, as well as the continuing effect of prior cumulative catch-up adjustments. The company performs on a broad portfolio of long-term contracts, including the development of complex and customized military platforms and systems, as well as advanced electronic equipment and software. Changes in estimates occur for a variety of reasons, including changes in contract scope, the resolution of risk at lower or higher cost than anticipated, unanticipated risks affecting contract costs, and changes in indirect cost allocations. We believe spending on recapitalization, modernization, and maintenance of defense, intelligence, and homeland security assets will continue to be a national priority. The company is dedicating additional resources to expanding its international sales with emphases on Australia, the Middle East, Asia, and Europe. We believe these measures are useful to investors in assessing our financial performance and condition. The estimated value of contract awards recorded during 2014 was $25.0 billion. Significant new awards during 2014 include the E-2D Advanced Hawkeye program and the Global Hawk program. The company maintains an unsecured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.775 billion. The company also cannot permit the ratio of its debt to capitalization to exceed 65 percent. The increase in unallocated corporate expense for 2014 is primarily due to increases in year-over-year provisions for environmental matters. The ultimate resolution of any such exposure may vary materially from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances develop or become known to us. The company believes it can obtain additional capital if necessary for long-term liquidity from various sources.