We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. The unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. As a result of these efforts, in the latter part of the year we saw improvement in operational metrics and expect this to continue in 2015. Our continued focus on cost control helped stem growth in operating expenses despite higher volumes and led to an all-time low operating ratio for 2014. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing. The increase in 2014 resulted from higher volumes, partially offset by lower average revenue per unit as the effects of lower rates and changes in the mix of business more than offset higher fuel surcharges. We maintain substantial amounts of insurance for potential third-party liability and property damage claims. We also retain reasonable levels of risk through self-insurance. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We anticipate that the IRS will complete its examination in 2015. We do not expect that the resolution of the examination will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. We have budgeted $2.4 billion for property additions, which includes anticipated spending for the continued implementation of positive train control and infrastructure improvements to increase mainline capacity. The crescent corridor consists of a program of projects for infrastructure and other facility improvements geared toward creating a seamless, high-capacity intermodal route. We plan to implement certain elements of the crescent corridor through a series of public-private partnerships. We currently anticipate spending up to $344 million for the substantial completion of work on these projects, which is expected in 2015. We expect higher shipments of fractionating sand and other materials used for natural gas drilling, as well as additional shipments of aggregates due to growth in road construction activity and steel used by the automotive and energy sectors. We are committed to improving our service and have added resources to meet the needs of our network. The unexpected volume growth and severe winter weather led to resource shortages and network delays during the year. We will continue to focus on safety, service levels, cost control, productivity, operational efficiency, and a market-based approach to pricing.