We are a leading provider of integrated payroll, human resource, insurance, and benefits outsourcing solutions for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our primary goal is to support the success of our clients and their businesses through innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service. Our business strategy is focused on strong long-term financial performance by providing high-quality, timely, accurate, and affordable services; growing our client base; increasing utilization of our ancillary services; leveraging our technology through our service organization; and expanding our product offerings. We continue to focus on driving growth in clients, revenue, and profits. Our service execution was strong as we achieved record levels of client retention, at approximately 82% of the beginning of the year client base. Our financial results for fiscal 2014 reflected sustained growth in our business. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our client satisfaction results remained high, which we believe is a result of our focus on providing innovative technology solutions and outstanding personal service to maximize client retention. We continue to position ourselves to capitalize on the opportunities arising from the shift to SaaS solutions as we invest heavily in product development relating to our SaaS capabilities and mobile applications. Our Paychex next generation suite of innovative products and services includes a SaaS platform that combines the latest technology with superior customer service to provide human resource administrators a streamlined and integrated approach to workforce management. We believe continued investment in our technology is a key building block for future success. We completed a business acquisition of a small payroll provider in Germany. While not material to our consolidated financial results, this acquisition will increase our revenue and client base in Germany and help us gain a greater share of the payroll market in that country. In South America, we are utilizing a joint venture arrangement in Brazil. The decision to expand into Brazil and further expand in Germany represents our focus on growth, specifically targeting product expansion through new markets and geographies. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our financial position as of May 31, 2014 remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $936.8 million and no debt. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. Our positive cash flows in fiscal 2014 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. The payment of future dividends is dependent on our future earnings and cash flow, and is subject to the discretion of our board. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to certain liabilities, but we maintain a reserve for uncertain tax positions. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2014 were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment.