We are a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates, and their licensees, are engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, other tobacco products, and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the United States of America. Our products are sold in more than 180 markets and, in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. During 2014, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs primarily related to the factory closures and the restructuring of the U.S. leaf purchasing model. We expect to incur a total pre-tax charge for the total program. The effective income tax rate for 2014 was unfavorably impacted by the above asset impairment and exit costs related to the factory closures. The unfavorable currency impact during 2014 was due primarily to several international currencies. The unfavorable impact of interest was due primarily to higher average debt levels, partially offset by lower average interest rates on debt. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due to higher pricing and higher equity income in unconsolidated subsidiaries, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs and unfavorable volume/mix. Our forecast for 2015 full-year reported diluted EPS reflects an increase versus adjusted diluted earnings per share of 2014, which includes incremental spending for our reduced-risk product. This forecast does not include any share repurchases in 2015 and will be revisited depending on the currency environment. The factors described in item 1A risk factors represent continuing risks to this forecast. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. The changes in our reported diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2014, were impacted by various operational factors, including asset impairment and exit costs, currency fluctuations, and changes in tax rates. The company’s ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience. We develop a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. Resilience is a multifaceted concept that reflects businesses’ ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change to survive, grow, and flourish.