We discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, including external pressures and environmental perturbations. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. In 2015, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income attributable to Republic Services, Inc., and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial impact of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definition of adjusted pre-tax income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We recorded environmental remediation charges of $210.6 million during 2014, reflecting our commitment to operational continuity and risk management in response to environmental hazards. We believe the remaining reasonably possible high end of our range would be approximately $160 million higher than the amount recorded as of December 31, 2014, indicating our proactive measures in managing potential risks. We have a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. Our operating segments are comprised of several vertically integrated businesses, which enhances our organizational resilience by allowing us to adapt to changing market conditions. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure these trajectories toward the ensuing future. Our operational flexibility is demonstrated through our ability to manage costs associated with labor and related benefits, maintenance and repairs, and transfer and disposal costs, which are influenced by external disturbances and operational management. We have recorded a charge to earnings primarily related to costs associated with one of our divested landfills, indicating our strategic response to operational challenges. Our liquidity and capital resources are sufficient to meet anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due, reflecting our organizational capabilities and financial resources. We maintain a focus on strategic initiatives that enhance our competitive advantage and organizational health, ensuring we can confront unexpected situations and maintain performance under pressure. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. Our strategic planning includes evaluations of future planning and crisis response mechanisms to ensure we can adapt to complex situations and maintain operational continuity.