We are a leading benchmarks & ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. Our operations consist of four reportable segments: standard & poor's ratings services, s&p capital iq, s&p dow jones indices, and commodities & commercial. We intend to use a portion of the after-tax proceeds from divestitures to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases, and for general corporate purposes. In 2014, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divested selected non-core assets, and streamlined our infrastructure. We strive to drive global growth by focusing on customers and innovation while boosting operational excellence, productivity, risk management, and compliance. Our strategic initiatives aim to promote sustainable growth in the global capital, commodities, and commercial markets by providing essential intelligence that enables mission-critical decisions. We have recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of certain assets, which reflects our ability to adapt and reconfigure our business model in response to market conditions. The revenue increase was primarily driven by growth in both corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue, increases in bank loan ratings, and higher annual fees. We monitor issuance volumes as an indicator of trends in transaction revenue streams. The financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation, which could impact our operations and competitive position. Our credit ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer to meet its financial obligations in full and on time, reflecting our organizational capabilities to maintain performance under pressure. We continuously assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes from legal proceedings, which could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition and cash flows. Our segment operating profit is one of the key metrics we use to evaluate operating performance, and we have undertaken a comprehensive review of our accounting and reporting practices to align with our operational strategies. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements. We are committed to enhancing our operational flexibility and resilience through strategic planning and resource management, ensuring we can confront and adapt to environmental disruptions and market volatility. Our approach includes leveraging our internal knowledge, enhancing customer engagement, and investing in technology to support business growth. The demand for our services is driven by the performance of the automotive industry and the need for high-value information and transparency in various sectors. We expect to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows and compete more effectively in the marketplace. Our focus on operational continuity and strategic adaptation positions us to respond effectively to external pressures and maintain organizational health and effectiveness.