We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. Our three core value drivers are obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. Our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. We service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, and we provide components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. At times, declines in sales in one channel have been offset by increased sales in another. However, due to differences between the profitability of our products sold to OEM and aftermarket customers, variation in product mix can cause variation in gross margin. There are many short-term factors that can cause short-term disruptions in our quarterly shipment patterns, making it difficult to determine longer-term trends in our business based on quarterly comparisons. To normalize for short-term fluctuations, we tend to look at our performance over several quarters or years of activity rather than discrete short-term periods. The commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and OEM market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geopolitical events around the world. The commercial aerospace industry had shown strength with increases in revenue passenger miles, as well as increases in OEM production and backlog. The 2015 leading indicators and industry consensus suggest a continuation of current trends in the commercial transport market sector supported by continued RPM growth and increases in production at the OEM level. The defense aerospace market is dependent on government budget constraints, the timing of orders, and the extent of global conflicts. The company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond its control. Based on its current levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, management believes that internally generated funds and borrowings available under our revolving loan facility should provide sufficient resources to finance its operations, non-acquisition related capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and long-term indebtedness obligations through at least fiscal 2015. The company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. The company has significant experience among its management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into its company and culture. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities, and other factors.