In connection with the sale of our U.S. credit card receivables, we received cash of $5.7 billion during 2013. Our Canada exit represents a strategic shift in our business. We believe that our exit from Canada will increase our after-tax cash flows beginning in 2015. We continue to anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing. We are not able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses in excess of the year-end accrual because there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved. We expect to incur severance, legal and professional services expenses associated with our Canadian exit. Our probable loss estimate is based on the expectation that claims will be asserted against us and negotiated settlements will be reached. Given the early stage of our exit and the filing, our estimates involve significant judgment and are based on currently available information. We have recognized a tax benefit of $1.6 billion in discontinued operations, which primarily relates to the loss on our investment in Canada and includes other tax benefits resulting from certain asset write-offs and liabilities paid or accrued to facilitate the liquidation. In 2014, we recorded $191 million of pretax data breach-related expenses and $46 million of expected insurance proceeds, for net expenses of $145 million. Our segment operations are designed to enable guests to purchase products seamlessly in stores, online or through mobile devices. We monitor the percentage of sales that are paid for using redcards because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for Target. Our effective income tax rate from continuing operations decreased to 33.0 percent in 2014, driven primarily by the net tax effect of our global sourcing operations and the favorable resolution of various income tax matters. The resolution of various income tax matters reduced tax expense by $35 million and $16 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. We believe that the amounts accrued for general liability and workers' compensation are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. We maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters. Since the data breach, we have recognized $90 million of expected insurance recoveries related to the data breach. Our ultimate cash recovery on these claims is subject to the final liquidation value of the Canada subsidiaries and could vary materially from our estimates. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund obligations incurred as a result of our exit from Canada, fund obligations incurred as a result of the data breach and any related future technology enhancements, pay dividends and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. We believe that our exit from Canada will increase our after-tax cash flows beginning in 2015. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. This policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments. We have additional liquidity through a committed $2.25 billion revolving credit facility that expires in October 2018. We are, and expect to remain, in compliance with these covenants. We believe that our exit from Canada will increase our after-tax cash flows beginning in 2015.