The company has experienced significant catastrophe and other weather-related losses in a number of recent periods, which adversely impacted its results of operations. The ongoing review of prior year claims and claim adjustment expense reserves may result in the company revising current year loss estimates upward or downward in future periods. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to analyze catastrophic events and the risks associated with them. These analyses are designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events and to support its operational flexibility. The company has implemented various processes including randomly selecting purchased or sold securities and comparing execution prices to the estimates from the pricing service to ensure the reliability of its financial assessments. The company’s investment strategy is to purchase securities that are expected to offer the most favorable return given the associated risks. The company actively seeks to mitigate exposure to loss through disciplined risk selection and adherence to underwriting standards. The company’s claims and claim adjustment expense reserves represent management's estimate of ultimate unpaid costs of losses and loss adjustment expenses for claims that have been reported and claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The company’s management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based on known facts, current law, and management's judgment, although uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue. The company’s liquidity requirements are met primarily by funds generated from premiums, fees, income received on investments, and investment maturities. The company’s principal insurance subsidiaries pay dividends to their respective parent companies, which in turn pay dividends to the corporate holding company. The company has a strong capital position and expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company’s future liquidity needs will be adequately met from all sources described, although the timing and amount of catastrophe claims can impact these needs. The company’s operational management is influenced by the unpredictability of future climate trends, which has created uncertainty regarding insurers' exposures to financial loss as a result of catastrophes and other weather-related events. The company regularly reviews emerging issues, such as changing climate conditions, to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products. The company’s investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, and the primary goals of the company's asset-liability management process are to satisfy the insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company’s overall strategy is to achieve a mix of investments for long-term growth while maintaining an appropriate level of risk, and it expects to apply an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. The company also assesses the adequacy of its reserves for claims and claim adjustment expenses, which involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to various internal and external events.