We are continuing to develop our model x crossover vehicle and intend to commence customer deliveries in the third quarter of 2015. Our ability to launch the model x program on time and cost efficiently is dependent upon a variety of factors, including completion of production tooling, supplier readiness, engineering completion and the successful completion of our validation testing. In order to meet this anticipated demand for both model s and model x, we are executing a plan to increase our combined model s and model x production capacity to over 2,000 units per week by the end of 2015. Our recent production capacity expansion contributed to several weeks of production in excess of 1,000 vehicles per week during the last few months of 2014. However, the changeover to our new final assembly line during the third quarter of 2014 and the introduction of all-wheel drive dual motor model s onto this line during the fourth quarter of 2014 took longer than we expected. Consequently, we delivered fewer vehicles than we had planned in 2014. During 2015, we plan to achieve significant efficiencies in model s production and begin production of model x with the intent of achieving a significantly faster initial production ramp than we achieved with model s. Any unexpected issues with the expansion of our production capacity or the launch and ramp of model x production could affect our ability to meet future delivery targets. We expect to deliver approximately 55,000 model s and x vehicles worldwide in 2015, approximately 74% more deliveries than we achieved in 2014. To support this growth, we plan to continue to expand our supercharger, stores and service infrastructure worldwide as well as to provide better service in areas with a high concentration of model s customers. We believe that the country could be one of our largest markets within a few years. However, as compared to markets in the United States and Europe, we have relatively limited experience in Asian markets; thus, we may face continuing difficulties meeting our future expansion plans in Asia. Our capital expenditures and operating expenses significantly increased in 2014. As we continue to invest in the long term growth of Tesla, capital spending and operating expenses will continue to increase, but at a more moderate pace than in 2014. During 2015, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.5 billion as we expand production capacity, complete model x development, and invest in the gigafactory, our stores and service centers. We also plan to grow our supercharger network by over 50% this year as well as continue other product development programs, including model 3. Our operating expenses will continue to grow in 2015, but at less than half the pace of growth in 2014, or approximately 45% to 50% annualized. We expect overall operating expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue. We are developing the Tesla gigafactory, a facility where we intend to work together with our suppliers to integrate battery precursor material, cell, module and battery pack production in one location. We anticipate bringing on additional partners for the gigafactory to create a fully integrated industrial complex. Although planning discussions with production and supply chain partners continue to progress well, to date we have not formalized any agreements with any other partners. The cost of building and operating the gigafactory could exceed our current expectations and the gigafactory may take longer to bring online than we anticipate. We believe that our current sources of liquidity, including cash and cash equivalents, together with our current projections of cash flow from operating activities, will provide us with adequate liquidity over the next 12 months based on our current plans. These cash flows enable us to fund our ongoing operations, research and development projects for our planned model x, model 3, and certain other future products; purchase tooling and manufacturing equipment required to introduce model x and to continue to ramp up production of model s; construct our gigafactory; and establish and expand our stores, service centers and supercharger network.