We are engaged in a number of research and early-stage development programs, including programs in the areas of oncology and neurology. We plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines with a focus on cystic fibrosis and other genetic diseases, oncology, and neurology. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies, frequently evaluating our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue to incur losses on a quarterly basis until we can substantially increase revenues as a result of potential future regulatory approvals, the timing of which are uncertain. Our corporate compliance program is designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. We dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the United States and ex-U.S. markets. We expect reimbursement discussions in ex-U.S. markets may take a significant period of time following obtaining marketing approval for the combination therapy. Our restructuring expenses in 2014 primarily related to the relocation of our corporate headquarters in Massachusetts from Cambridge to Boston. We intend to continue such reviews until the termination of these facility lease obligations and will make whatever modifications we believe are necessary based on our best judgment to reflect any changed circumstances. We have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing, and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial targets. Our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. We believe that the adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by Kalydeco, potential revenues from lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, and the number, breadth, cost, and prospects of our research and development programs. We expect that cash flows from Kalydeco together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We will continue to manage our capital structure and to consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. Our financial statements reflect the activities related to our collaborations as discontinued operations. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance.