We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas, NGLs, and olefins. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that we have successfully positioned our energy infrastructure businesses for future growth. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas, natural gas products, and crude oil that exists in North America. We seek to accomplish this through further developing our scale positions in current key markets and basins and entering new growth markets and basins where we can become the large-scale service provider. Our business plan for 2015 continues to reflect both significant capital investment and continued dividend growth as compared to 2014. We continue to manage expenditures as appropriate without compromising safety and compliance. We expect to maintain an attractive cost of capital and reliable access to capital markets, both of which will allow us to pursue development projects and acquisitions. Potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include general economic, financial markets, or industry downturn; lower than anticipated energy commodity prices and margins; unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution; and changes in the political and regulatory environments. We continue to address these risks through disciplined investment strategies, sufficient liquidity from cash and cash equivalents, and available capacity under our credit facilities. We anticipate an overall improvement in operating results compared to 2014 primarily due to increases in olefins volumes associated with the repair and expansion of the Geismar plant and our fee-based businesses primarily as a result of the ACMP acquisition, partially offset by lower NGL margins and higher operating expenses associated with the growth of our business. Our operations are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost. While amounts in excess of historical cost are not recoverable under current FERC practices, we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual cost incurred to replace existing assets. We are a participant in certain environmental activities in various stages including assessment studies, cleanup operations, and/or remedial processes at certain sites. We are monitoring these sites in a coordinated effort with other potentially responsible parties, the EPA, or other governmental authorities. Our assumptions and estimates, including repair cost estimates and insurance proceeds associated with our property damage and business interruption coverage, are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to be materially different. We believe we have, or have access to, the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet our requirements for working capital, capital and investment expenditures, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, and tax payments, while maintaining a sufficient level of liquidity. Our internal and external sources of consolidated liquidity to fund working capital requirements, capital and investment expenditures, debt service payments, dividends and distributions, and tax payments include cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash generated from operations, cash distributions from the merged partnership and our equity-method investees, cash proceeds from issuances of debt and/or equity securities, and use of our credit facility.