item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company) and results of operations as of and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014. this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company. abbvie develops and markets advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases. abbvie products are used to treat chronic autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, and crohn's disease; hepatitis c (hcv); human immunodeficiency virus (hiv); endometriosis; thyroid disease; parkinson's disease; complications associated with chronic kidney disease (ckd) and cystic fibrosis; and other health conditions such as low testosterone. abbvie also has a pipeline of promising new medicines, including more than 30 compounds or indications in phase 2 or phase 3 development across such important medical specialties as immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases and women's health.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies, and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients. outside the united states, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie has approximately 26,000 employees and its products are sold in over 170 countries. abbvie operates in one business segment—pharmaceutical products.
financial results since becoming an independent company, abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results and returns for shareholders while ensuring a strong sustainable growth business over the longer term. in 2014, abbvie grew worldwide net sales by 6 percent to $20.0 billion, driven primarily by the continued strength of humira and double-digit sales growth from other key products including creon, duodopa and synthroid. sales growth in 2014 continued to reflect the impact of the loss of exclusivity in the company's lipid franchise, which resulted in the loss of $748 million of revenue in 2014 over the prior year. generic competition began in november 2012 for tricor, july 2013 for trilipix and september 2013 for niaspan.
the company's financial performance in 2014 included delivering fully diluted earnings per share of $1.10, including after-tax transaction and financing-related costs totaling $1.8 billion incurred in connection with the terminated proposed combination with shire plc (shire), a $750 million after-tax charge related to a research and development collaboration agreement with calico life sciences llc (calico) and a $173 million after-tax charge as a result of entering into a global collaboration with infinity pharmaceuticals, inc. (infinity). refer to note 4 for further information regarding the termination of the company's proposed combination with shire and note 6 for further information regarding the company's collaborations with calico and infinity. abbvie's financial performance in 2014 also reflected an improvement in gross margin primarily due to favorable product mix across the product portfolio and operational efficiencies, as well as increased funding in support of abbvie's emerging mid-and late-stage pipeline assets and additional humira indications.
in 2014, the company generated cash flows from operations of $3.5 billion, net of the after-tax transaction and financing-related costs incurred in connection with the terminated proposed combination with shire. these strong cash flows enabled the company to continue to enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities, pay cash dividends to shareholders of $2.7 billion and repurchase approximately 9 million shares for $550 million. in addition, the board of directors declared an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.42 per share to $0.49 per share of common stock payable in february 2015, as well as authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program that is expected to be executed over the next several years.
in addition to these financial results, abbvie continued to advance its pipeline during 2014, including securing regulatory approval in the united states for abbvie's interferon-free hcv treatment, viekira pak, as well as submitting its regulatory application in the european union, which was subsequently approved in january 2015. abbvie also continued to advance its previously submitted regulatory applications in the united states for duopa, which were subsequently approved in january 2015, and completed several late-stage clinical trials, including zinbryta (daclizumab) for the treatment of the relapsing/remitting form of multiple sclerosis (ms) and registrational programs for an expanded use of humira for hidradenitis suppurativa. abbvie also augmented its pipeline through strategic licensing and partnering activities including in-licensing duvelisib, a dual acting pi3 kinase inhibitor currently under investigation for use in a variety of hematological malignancies, from infinity and entering into a novel collaboration with calico to discover, develop, and commercialize new therapies for patients with age-related diseases.
2015 strategic objectives in 2015, abbvie expects sales performance to be driven by continued strong growth from humira, the launch of viekira pak, and sales growth in certain key products including creon and duodopa, partially offset by a decline in several products due to generic competition, including androgel 1% and the remainder of the lipid franchise. in addition, abbvie expects to achieve operating margin improvements while continuing to invest in its pipeline in support of opportunities in oncology, hcv, and immunology, as well as continued investment in key products. abbvie expects to grow operating cash flows in 2015, which will enable the company to continue to augment its pipeline through concerted focus on strategic licensing, acquisition and partnering activity and returning cash to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases.
abbvie expects to continue to drive strong humira sales growth in several ways. abbvie seeks to expand the humira patient base by applying for regulatory approval of new indications for humira, treating conditions such as uveitis and hidradenitis suppurativa. abbvie will also seek to drive humira sales growth by expanding its market share and its presence in underserved markets. abbvie plans to continue making investments in key emerging markets, including brazil, china, and russia.
another key driver of abbvie's performance in 2015 will be viekira pak, which is now approved in the united states, the european union and a number of other countries around the world. abbvie expects to support the successful launch of viekira in the united states by securing payor positions and patient access and focusing commercial efforts on penetration in abbvie-exclusive and parity accounts. the company has launched viekirax in several european countries, including germany, the united kingdom and canada, and continues to work with various governments around the world to gain reimbursements approvals.
abbvie will continue its investment in products with historically stable sales levels, while making adjustments as necessary to increase the value of its product portfolio. abbvie plans to achieve this objective in a variety of ways depending on product and circumstances by, for example, identifying supply chain efficiencies, pursuing additional indications, and optimizing residual value as products reach the end of exclusivity. abbvie believes that its approach will allow the company to maintain a strong operating margin.
r&d efforts will continue to focus a significant portion of expenditures on compounds for immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases and women's health. abbvie's scientists work to advance a pipeline of specialty molecules that demonstrate strong clinical performance for patients and economic value for patients and their healthcare systems. current r&d projects are described in the "research and development" section below. abbvie will also continue to augment its pipeline through concerted focus on strategic licensing, acquisition and partnering activity in 2015.
research and development research and innovation continues to be a key strategic priority for abbvie. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline includes more than 40 compounds or indications in clinical development individually or under collaboration or license agreements. of these programs, approximately 13 are in phase 3 development or in registration. abbvie expects multiple phase 2 programs to transition into phase 3 programs during 2015. r&d is focused on therapeutic areas that include immunology, virology/liver disease, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases, and women's health, among others.
immunology humira is approved to treat the following autoimmune diseases in the united states, canada, and mexico (collectively, north america), and in the european union:
rheumatoid arthritis (moderate to severe)       north america, european union psoriatic arthritis                             north america, european union ankylosing spondylitis                          north america, european union crohn's disease (moderate to severe)            north america, european union plaque psoriasis (moderate to severe)           north america, european union juvenile idiopathic arthritis                   north america, european union ulcerative colitis (moderate to severe)         united states, european union axial spondyloarthropathy                       united states, european union pediatric crohn's disease (severe)              united states, european union pediatric enthesitis-related arthritis          european union abbvie continues to dedicate r&d efforts to expanding indications for humira, including in the fields of gastroenterology, dermatology and ophthalmology. phase 3 trials are ongoing in preparation for regulatory applications of humira for uveitis in the united states and the european union. a regulatory application for hidradenitis suppurativa has been filed in the united states and the european union.
abbvie also has a number of next-generation programs underway to address immune-mediated conditions, including the following:
• abbvie's studies of dual variable domain immunoglobulin (dvd-ig) technology, which represents an approach that can target multiple disease-causing antigens with a single biologic agent, continue to progress. this proprietary technology could lead to next-generation biologic treatments for complex conditions such as cancer or rheumatoid arthritis, where multiple pathways are involved in the disease. abt-122, a dvd directed against il-17 and tnf, is currently in phase 2 investigation in ra, and abt-981, a dvd targeting il-1 alpha and beta, is being studied in osteoarthritis in an ongoing phase 2 program.
• abbvie is collaborating with biotest ag on an anti-cd4 biologic known as tregalizumab. the compound is currently in phase 2b clinical trials for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.
• filgotinib (glpg0634), a next-generation, oral janus kinase 1 (jak1) inhibitor, is being developed with galapagos nv
(galapagos) in a collaboration entered into during the first quarter of 2012. filgotinib is currently in phase 2b development to treat rheumatoid arthritis and may be able to address other autoimmune diseases. in january 2014, a phase 2 study to evaluate filgotinib to treat crohn's disease was initiated.
• abt-494, abbvie's jak-1 selective inhibitor, is currently in phase 2b.
• in september 2013, abbvie entered into a global collaboration with ablynx nv (ablynx) to develop and commercialize the anti-il-6r nanobody, alx-0061, to treat inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus. alx-0061 is currently in phase 2 development for rheumatoid arthritis.
• in may 2013, abbvie entered into a global collaboration with alvine pharmaceuticals, inc. (alvine) to develop alv003, a novel oral treatment for patients with celiac disease. alv003 is currently in phase 2b development.
virology/liver disease on december 19, 2014, the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approved abbvie's viekira pak, an all-oral interferon-free treatment, with or without ribavirin (rbv), for the treatment of patients with chronic genotype 1 hcv infection, including those with compensated cirrhosis. on january 16, 2015, abbvie announced that the european commission granted marketing authorizations for its all-oral, short-course, interferon-free treatment viekirax (ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir tablets) + exviera (dasabuvir tablets). the treatment has been approved with or without rbv for patients with genotype 1 chronic hcv infection, including those with compensated liver cirrhosis, hiv-1 co-infection, patients on opioid substitution therapy and liver transplant recipients. additionally, viekirax has been approved for use with rbv in genotype 4 chronic hcv patients. abbvie's hcv combination is also in phase 3 development in japan. abbvie submitted its regulatory application in japan in 2015.
abbvie is also currently conducting phase 2 studies of its next-generation hcv program which includes abt-493, a potent protease inhibitor, and abt-530, abbvie's new ns5a inhibitor.
oncology abbvie is focused on the development of targeted treatments that inhibit tumor growth and improve response to common cancer therapies. abbvie's later-stage oncology pipeline includes the following:
• elotuzumab is an anti-slam7 antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma under a collaboration with bristol-myers squibb (bms).
phase 3 development began in june 2011 for multiple myeloma. in 2014, abbvie and bms announced that the fda granted elotuzumab breakthrough therapy designation for use in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethoasone for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have received one or more prior therapies. two phase 3 studies are ongoing with results expected in 2015.
• veliparib (abt-888), a parp-inhibitor, is in a phase 3 study in brca-mutated breast cancer being treated with chemotherapy initiated in 2014. veliparib is also in phase 2 evaluation for the treatment of a variety of other solid tumors. in 2014, abbvie announced the initiation of four separate phase 3
clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of veliparib, in combination with chemotherapy in patients with previously untreated locally advanced or metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) and a separate study in patients with nonsquamous nsclc, as a neoadjuvant therapy, when added to carboplatin, prior to surgery in women with early-stage, triple
negative breast cancer and in patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-(her2) negative metastatic or locally-advanced breast cancer, containing brca1 and/or brca2 gene mutations, when added to carboplatin and paclitaxel.
• venetoclax (abt-199), a next-generation bcl-2 inhibitor, is in development for patients with relapsed/refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia. in 2014, two phase 3 studies in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) were initiated in collaboration with abbvie's development partner, roche holding ag. abbvie also completed enrollment in a single arm study evaluating venetoclax in patients with relapsed/refractory cll harboring the 17p deletion mutation, a negative prognostic factor. abbvie anticipates results from this study in 2015. venetoclax is also being explored for use across a number of different hematologic cancers including non-hodgkin lymphoma, diffuse large b-cell lymphoma and acute myeloid leukemia.
• other molecular targets are being explored with antibody-drug conjugate approaches linking anti-target antibodies with potent cytotoxic agents. in 2014, the european medicines agency (ema) and the fda granted orphan drug designation to abbvie's investigational compound abt-414, an anti-epidermal growth factor receptor antibody drug conjugate, which is being evaluated for safety and efficacy in patients with glioblastoma multiforme, the most common and most aggressive type of malignant primary brain tumor.
• in 2014, abbvie in-licensed duvelisib, a dual acting pi3 kinase inhibitor currently under investigation for use in a variety of hematological malignancies, from infinity. duvelisib is also under investigation for use in indolent non-hodgkins lymphoma and for use in cll.
renal disease abbvie's renal care pipeline includes atrasentan, for the prevention of progression of diabetic ckd. in 2013, a phase 3 study was initiated to assess atrasentan, when added to standard of care, on progression of kidney disease in patients with stage 2 to 4 ckd and type 2 diabetes. this global registrational study is expected to be completed in 2018. atrasentan will potentially be the first compound launched to treat diabetic nephropathy by specifically targeting albuminuria and slowing the progression of ckd. abbvie was previously investigating abt-719, for the treatment of acute kidney injury associated with major cardiac and vascular surgeries. in 2014, abbvie completed its phase 2b study and, based on the results of that study, decided not to continue development of abt-719.
neurological diseases abbvie has clinical studies underway on multiple compounds that target receptors in the brain that help regulate mood, memory, and other neurological functions and conditions, including the following:
• abbvie is collaborating with biogen idec to develop zinbryta (daclizumab) for the treatment of the relapsing/remitting form of ms, which is the most common form, and affects nearly 85 percent of newly diagnosed ms patients. the phase 3 study for zinbryta (daclizumab), an anti-cd25 monoclonal antibody, was successfully completed in 2014. abbvie is in the process of working with biogen idec to complete its global regulatory applications for zinbryta (daclizumab) which are expected to be submitted in the first half of 2015.
• on january 12, 2015, abbvie announced that the fda approved duopa, a levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel for the treatment of parkinson's disease. duopa is administered using a small, portable infusion pump that delivers levodopa and carbidopa directly into the small intestine for 16 continuous hours via a procedurally-placed tube. this product is sold under the name duodopa outside the united states.
• in 2014, abbvie completed two phase 2b studies of abt-126, an a7-nnr modulator, in both alzheimer's disease and cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia. based on the results of these studies, abbvie does not plan to advance the molecule in either of these indications.
women's health abbvie is developing a novel oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (gnrh) antagonist, elagolix, under a collaboration with neurocrine biosciences for the treatment of endometriosis-related pain and uterine fibroids. a phase 3 study in endometriosis began in mid-2012 and a second phase 3 trial for endometriosis was initiated in 2013. positive top-line efficacy results from the initial phase 3 study were recently announced and additional safety and efficacy data is expected in 2015. a phase 2a study for uterine fibroids was initiated in november 2011 and transitioned to phase 2b in 2013.
other given the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. factors considered included r&d expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to abbvie's total r&d expenses, as well as qualitative factors such as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new product on abbvie's overall market position. there were no delays in abbvie's 2014 r&d activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.
while the aggregate cost to complete the numerous pharmaceutical projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon abbvie's ability to successfully complete each project, the rate at which each project advances, the nature and extent of cost-sharing arrangements, and the ultimate timing for completion. given the potential for significant delays and the high rate of failure inherent in the research and development of new pharmaceutical products, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development.
prior to the separation, the historical financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from abbott's consolidated financial statements and accounting records as if the former research-based pharmaceutical business of abbott had been part of abbvie for all periods presented. accordingly, abbvie's financial statements for periods prior to january 1, 2013 are presented on a combined basis and reflect abbvie's financial position, results of operations and cash flows as its business was operated as part of abbott prior to the separation, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states. the combined financial statements principally represent the historical results of operations and assets and liabilities of abbott's former research-based pharmaceutical business.
for periods prior to january 1, 2013, the historical combined financial statements also reflected an allocation of expenses related to certain abbott corporate functions, including senior management, legal, human resources, finance, information technology and quality assurance. these expenses were allocated to abbvie based on direct usage or benefit where identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of revenues, headcount, square footage, number of transactions or other measures. abbvie considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable. however, the allocations may not be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had abbvie operated as an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company for the periods presented. accordingly, the historical financial information presented for periods prior to january 1, 2013 may not be indicative of the results of operations or financial position that would have been achieved if abbvie had been an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company during the periods shown or of abbvie's performance for periods subsequent to december 31, 2012.
results of operations net sales the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency sales at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net sales assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current period. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net sales at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net sales at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
united states       $10,845           $10,181           $10,435           7       %       (2   )%   7       %       (2   )%
sales growth in 2014 and 2013 was driven by the continued strength of humira, both in the united states and internationally, as well as sales growth in key products including synthroid, creon and duodopa. sales increased in 2014 and 2013 despite the loss of exclusivity for abbvie's consolidated lipid franchise, as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. generic competition began in november 2012 for tricor, in july 2013 for trilipix and in september 2013 for niaspan.
humira united states                    $6,524       $5,236            $4,377            25        %    20        %    25        %    20        %
androgel united states                      $934       $1,035            $1,152                (10   )%       (10   )%       (10   )%       (10   )%
kaletra united states                      $213       $244              $279                  (13   )%       (13   )%       (13   )%       (13   )%
lupron united states                      $580       $566              $569              3         %        (1    )%   3         %        (1    )%
synthroid united states                      $709       $622              $551              14        %    13        %    14        %    13        %
sevoflurane united states                       $83       $77               $82               7         %        (5    )%   7         %        (5    )%
creon united states                      $516       $412              $353              25        %    17        %    25        %    17        %
dyslipidemia products united states                      $328       $1,076            $2,145                (70   )%       (50   )%       (70   )%       (50   )%
viekira pak united states                       $48             —                 —           100       %        —          100       %        —
on a constant currency basis, global humira sales increased 19 percent in 2014 and 15 percent in 2013, primarily as a result of market growth across therapeutic categories and geographies, approval of new indications, higher market share, and favorable pricing in certain geographies. abbvie is pursuing several new indications to help further differentiate humira from competing products and add to the sustainability and future growth of humira.
androgel sales decreased 10 percent in both 2014 and 2013 primarily due to a decline in the overall u.s. testosterone replacement market. the company expects this trend will continue. androgel sales for 2013 were impacted by rebates implemented during the second half of 2012, certain account losses in early
2013, and the moderation of market growth experienced in 2012. androgel 1% sales are expected to be impacted by generic competition in early 2015.
global sales of kaletra declined in 2014 and 2013 primarily due to lower market share resulting from the impact of increasing competition in the hiv marketplace.
sales for synagis increased 9 percent in both 2014 and 2013 primarily due to increased product uptake in 2014 and 2013 compared to 2013 and 2012, respectively.
synthroid sales increased 14 percent and 13 percent in 2014 and 2013, respectively, due to strong brand loyalty and market leadership, and favorable pricing.
sales of sevoflurane, which were relatively flat in 2014 and declined 4 percent in 2013, continued to be impacted by generic competition.
sales of creon in 2014 and 2013 grew by 25 percent and 17 percent, respectively, primarily driven by market growth and higher market share. creon maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market.
sales for abbvie's consolidated lipid franchise, which includes tricor, trilipix, niaspan, simcor and advicor, declined 70 percent in 2014 and 50 percent in 2013 due to the introduction of generic versions of these products in the u.s. market. generic competition began in november 2012 for tricor, july 2013 for trilipix, and september 2013 for niaspan.
sales of duodopa, abbvie's therapy for advanced parkinson's disease approved in europe and other international markets, increased 25 percent in 2014 and 16 percent in 2013. duopa's regulatory submission in the united states was approved by the fda in january 2015.
abbvie launched its hcv regimen, viekira pak, in the united states following fda approval in mid-december. sales of viekira pak reflect the shipment of launch quantities into the market to support full commercial launch in january 2015. the european commission granted marketing authorizations for abbvie's hcv regimen, viekirax (ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir tablets) + exviera (dasabuvir tablets), in january 2015. abbvie expects its hcv regimen to be a significant contributor to sales growth in 2015.
the gross margin for 2014, 2013 and 2012 reflected the favorable impact of product mix across the product portfolio, including humira, operational efficiencies, price increases, and lower amortization expense for intangible assets, partially offset by the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and, in 2014 and 2013, the loss of exclusivity for the lipid franchise. gross margin in 2014 also includes royalty income of $81 million relating to prior periods as a result of the settlement of a licensing arrangement, partially offset by a $37 million impairment charge for an intangible asset.
sg&a expenses in 2014 included transaction-related costs totaling $1.7 billion incurred in connection with the terminated proposed combination with shire. refer to note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further information regarding the termination of the company's proposed combination with shire.
excluding the shire break fee and transaction-related costs, the increase in sg&a expenses in 2014 and 2013 was due primarily to increased selling and marketing support for new products, including preparations for the expected launch of viekira pak, as well as spending relating to new indications and geographic expansion for humira. these increases were partially offset by the impact of favorable foreign exchange rates in 2014 and 2013. sg&a expenses in 2014, 2013 and 2012 include $422 million, $228 million and $213 million, respectively, of costs associated with the separation of abbvie from abbott.
sg&a expenses in 2014 also included a $129 million charge due to additional expenses related to the branded prescription drug fee. on july 28, 2014, the internal revenue service issued final rules and regulations for the branded prescription drug fee, an annual non-tax-deductible fee payable to the federal government under the affordable care act based on an allocation of a company's market share for branded prescription drugs sold to certain government programs in the prior year. the final rules accelerated the expense recognition criteria for the fee obligation from the year in which the fee is paid, to the year in which the market share used to allocate the fee is determined. this change required abbvie and other industry participants to recognize an additional year of expense in 2014. as a result, an additional expense of $129 million was recognized in 2014. the final rules and regulations did not change the amount or timing of annual fees to be paid.
sg&a expenses in 2013 included restructuring charges aggregating $39 million, which principally related to the restructuring of certain commercial operations in conjunction with the loss and expected loss of exclusivity of certain products and, in 2012, included litigation charges of $100 million related to an investigation of the sales and marketing activities for depakote which was resolved in may 2012.
research and development and acquired in-process research and development
research and development                              $3,297          $2,855          $2,778       15      %   3       %
acquired in-process research and development            $352            $338            $288       4       %   17      %
r&d expense in 2014 and 2013 reflected funding to support the company's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets and the continued pursuit of additional humira indications. these increases were partially offset by the impact of favorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations in 2014 and 2013. r&d expense included regulatory milestone payments of $40 million in 2014 and $50 million in 2012 related to the company's collaboration. r&d expenses also included restructuring charges of $15 million in 2013 and $183 million in 2012.
acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d) expense in 2014 principally included a charge of $275 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with infinity to develop and commercialize duvelisib, a treatment for patients with cancer. refer to note 6, "acquisitions, collaborations and other arrangements," of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for additional information related to the company's collaborations and other arrangements.
ipr&d expense in 2013 principally included a charge of $175 million as a result of entering into a global license agreement with ablynx to develop and commercialize alx-0061, a charge of $70 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with alvine to develop alv003, a charge of $45 million as a result of
entering into a global collaboration with galapagos for cystic fibrosis therapies, and charges totaling $48 million as a result of entering into several other arrangements.
ipr&d expense in 2012 included a charge of $110 million for the acquisition of abt-719, a charge of $150 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration to develop and commercialize an oral, next-generation jak1 inhibitor, and a charge of $28 million as a result of entering into a two-year collaboration agreement to research, develop, and commercialize up to three compounds with antibody-drug conjugate approaches.
other expense other expense in 2014 consisted of a $750 million charge related to an r&d collaboration agreement with calico to discover, develop, and commercialize new therapies for patients with age-related diseases.
interest expense, net interest expense, net of $391 million in 2014, $278 million in 2013, and $84 million in 2012 was comprised primarily of interest expense on outstanding debt. in november 2012, abbvie issued $14.7 billion of long-term debt with maturities ranging from three to 30 years and entered into interest rate swaps with various financial institutions, which converted $8.0 billion of its fixed rate interest rate debt to floating interest rate debt. commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $416 million, $400 million and $1.0 billion, respectively.
interest expense, net in 2014 also included $141 million of financing related fees incurred in connection with the terminated proposed combination with shire and, in 2012, bridge facility fees related to the separation from abbott.
other income, net other income, net, includes income from the resolution of certain contractual agreements, fair value adjustments to contingent consideration, and impairments of equity securities. other income, net in 2014 primarily consisted of income of $34 million from the resolution of a contractual agreement.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 25 percent in 2014, 23 percent in 2013, and 8 percent in 2012. the effective tax rate fluctuates from year to year due to the allocation of the company's taxable earnings among jurisdictions, as well as certain discrete factors and events in each year, including acquisitions and collaborations. the increase in the effective income tax rate in 2014 was principally driven by state valuation allowances of $129 million and additional expenses of $129 million related to the branded prescription drug fee, which is non-deductible. the increase in the effective tax rate in 2013 over 2012 is principally due to income tax expense related to certain 2013 earnings outside the united states that are not expected to be indefinitely reinvested, as well as the absence of $195 million of tax benefits recorded in 2012 as a result of the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to a prior year.
transition from abbott and cost to operate as an independent company abbvie has and will continue to incur additional ongoing operating expenses to operate as an independent company, including the cost of various corporate headquarters functions, incremental information technology-related costs, and incremental costs to operate a stand-alone back office infrastructure outside the united states.
abbvie's transition services agreements with abbott in the united states cover certain corporate support services that abbvie has historically received from abbott. such services include information technology, accounts payable, payroll, and other financial functions, as well as engineering support for various facilities,
quality assurance support, and other administrative services. the terms of the services under the agreements vary by activity. these agreements facilitate the separation by allowing abbvie to operate independently prior to establishing stand-alone back office functions across its organization.
as of the date of the separation, abbvie did not have sufficient back office infrastructure to operate in markets outside the united states. as a result, abbvie entered into transition services agreements with abbott to provide services outside the united states, including back office services in certain countries, for up to three years after separation. these back office services include information technology, accounts payable, payroll, receivables collection, treasury, and other financial functions, as well as order entry, warehousing, and other administrative services. these transition services agreements have allowed abbvie to operate its international pharmaceuticals business independently prior to establishing a stand-alone back office infrastructure for all countries. during the transition from abbott, abbvie has and will continue to incur non-recurring expenses to expand its international infrastructure. in addition, in certain international markets as of the date of the separation and as of december 31, 2014, certain marketing authorizations to sell abbvie's products continued to be held by abbott until such authorizations could be transferred through the applicable regulatory channels.
it is not practicable to estimate the costs that would have been incurred in each of the periods presented in the historical financial statements for the functions described above. actual costs that would have been incurred if abbvie operated as a stand-alone company during these periods would have depended on various factors including organizational design, outsourcing, and other strategic decisions related to corporate functions, information technology, and international back office infrastructure. refer to note 1 entitled "background and basis of presentation" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" for further description of transactions between abbvie and abbott.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources
operating activities                    $3,549                   $6,267       $6,345
investing activities                            (926   )            879             (2,418   )
financing activities                          (3,293   )         (3,442   )          1,931
cash flows provided by operations in 2014 was $3.5 billion compared to $6.3 billion in 2013. the decrease was primarily due to after-tax transaction and financing-related and other costs of $1.8 billion incurred in connection with the termination of the proposed combination with shire, including net foreign exchange losses related to the settlement of undesignated forward contracts used to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows and the exit of certain foreign currency positions. the decrease was also due to the timing of u.s. wholesaler collections and an investment in inventory in preparation for the launch of abbvie's interferon-free hcv combination in the united states starting in mid-december 2014 and in the european union in january 2015. the decrease was also due to an increase in abbvie's voluntary contribution to its main domestic defined benefit pension plan, which was $370 million in 2014 and $145 million in 2013. abbvie also made a voluntary contribution of $150 million to this plan subsequent to december 31, 2014.
in 2014, cash outflows related to collaborations, acquisitions, and other arrangements totaled $622 million, including $275 million paid to infinity related to a global collaboration to develop duvelisib (ipi-145), and $250 million to fund a novel r&d collaboration with calico. abbvie accrued an additional $500 million payment to calico in 2014 due to the satisfaction of certain conditions under the r&d collaboration, which was subsequently paid in 2015. in 2013, cash outflows related to collaborations, acquisitions, and other arrangements totaled $405 million, including $175 million related to the global collaboration with ablynx nv and $70 million related to a global collaboration with alvine. cash flows from investing activities
in 2014 also reflected capital expenditures, including the purchase of a small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing facility in singapore, and net sales (purchases) of short-term investments.
in 2014 and 2013, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper. the balance of commercial paper outstanding was $416 million and $400 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed.
cash dividend payments totaled $2.7 billion in 2014 and $2.6 billion in 2013. on october 20, 2014, the board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.49 per share for stockholders of record at the close of business on january 15, 2015, payable on february 13, 2015. the timing, declaration, amount of, and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
in february 2013, abbvie's board of directors authorized a $1.5 billion common stock repurchase program, which was effective immediately. in october 2014, abbvie's board of directors authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program, which was effective immediately and superseded the prior authorization. under these programs, the company repurchased approximately 9 million shares for $550 million in the open market in 2014 and approximately 4 million shares for $223 million in the open market in 2013. purchases of abbvie shares may be made from time to time at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. abbvie's remaining share repurchase authorization was $4.7 billion as of december 31, 2014.
cash and equivalents in 2014 was also impacted by net unfavorable exchange rate changes totaling $577 million principally due to the impact of the substantial weakening of the euro in 2014 on the translation of the company's euro-denominated assets, and the weakening of foreign currencies in combination with an increased concentration of cash denominated in foreign currencies accumulated in anticipation of the terminated proposed combination with shire. while a significant portion of cash and equivalents at december 31, 2014 are considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries, abbvie does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. if these funds were needed for operations in the united states, abbvie would be required to accrue and pay u.s. income taxes to repatriate these funds. abbvie believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at december 31, 2014 has been reinvested indefinitely.
substantially all of abbvie's trade receivables in greece, portugal, italy, and spain are with governmental health systems. abbvie continues to monitor the economic health of the economy in southern europe, as heightened economic concerns still exist. outstanding net governmental receivables in these countries at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
italy          176           245           16          22
abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers, and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance against accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. abbvie also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables. currently, abbvie does not believe the economic conditions in southern europe will have a material impact on the company's liquidity, cash flow, or financial flexibility. however, if government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, abbvie may not be able to collect the entire balance outstanding as of december 31, 2014.
credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility prior to october 2014, abbvie was party to a $2.0 billion unsecured five-year revolving credit facility from a syndicate of lenders, which also supported commercial paper borrowings. the credit facility enabled the company to borrow funds at floating interest rates. in october 2014, abbvie replaced its existing revolving credit facility with a new $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility. the new revolving credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants.
at december 31, 2014, the company was in compliance with its credit facility covenants. commitment fees under the credit facility were not material. there were no amounts outstanding under the credit facility as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations, or by issuing additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements, and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
credit ratings on july 18, 2014, following the announcement of the proposed combination with shire, moody's investor service affirmed its baa1 senior unsecured long-term rating and prime-2 short-term rating and revised its ratings outlook to "stable" from "positive". in addition, standard & poor's ratings services (s&p) placed its "a" corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debt rating on abbvie on creditwatch with negative implications. on october 21, 2014, s&p affirmed abbvie's "a" corporate credit rating and senior unsecured debt rating and removed the negative credit watch. s&p affirmed its "a-1" commercial paper rating and did not place it on creditwatch. there were no other changes in the company's credit ratings in 2014.
unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
research and development collaborations(a)                                    500                        500             —                 —                 —
long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current portion             14,815             4,021             4,037             1,020             5,737
future minimum non-cancelable operating lease commitments                     562                        114       195               155               98
other long-term liabilities(d)                                                930                        174       193               154               409
accounts payable and accrued liabilities includes a $500 million accrual for a payment to calico due to the satisfaction of certain conditions under the r&d collaboration, which was paid in the first quarter of 2015.
includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt securities and capital lease obligations. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using interest rates in effect at the end of 2014. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2014. refer to notes 9 and 10 for further discussion regarding the company's debt instruments and related interest rate agreements outstanding at december 31, 2014. annual interest on capital lease obligations is not material.
includes the company's significant unconditional purchase obligations. these commitments do not exceed the company's projected requirements and are made in the normal course of business.
amounts less than one year includes a voluntary contribution of $150 million abbvie made to its main domestic defined benefit plan subsequent to december 31, 2014. amounts otherwise exclude pension and other post-employment benefits and related deferred compensation cash outflows. timing of funding is uncertain and dependent on future movements in interest rates and investment returns, changes in laws and regulations, and other variables. also included in this amount are components of other long-term liabilities including restructuring. refer to notes 8 and 11 for further information.
abbvie enters into r&d collaboration arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are not material in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. as a result, these potential payments are not included in the table of contractual obligations. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these collaboration arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit management companies, state agencies that administer the federal medicaid program, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of which products have been sold subject to the rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply for that rebate, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate. using historical trends for that rebate, adjusted for current changes, abbvie estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when abbvie records its sale of the product. settlement of the rebate generally occurs from two to eight months after sale. abbvie regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs.
rebate and chargeback accruals are recorded in the same period as the related sales, and are reflected as a reduction of sales. rebates and chargebacks in 2014, 2013 and 2012 totaled $5.9 billion, $4.9 billion, and $4.3 billion, respectively, or 29 percent, 30 percent, and 28 percent, respectively, of the gross sales subject to rebate. a one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related annual gross sales would decrease net sales by $201 million in 2014. abbvie considers a one-percentage point increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. other allowances for cash discounts and returns charged against gross sales were $610 million, $748 million, and $667 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. in the united states, the most significant charges against gross sales are for medicaid and medicare rebates, managed care rebates, and wholesaler chargebacks. medicaid rebates relate to the federal medicaid program, which is administered by state agencies, whereby rebates are provided to participating state and local government entities under various laws and regulations and in some cases supplemental rebates are also provided to the states under contractual agreements. medicare rebates are negotiated with managed care organizations that manage prescription drug plans covering the medicare part d drug benefit. pharmacy benefit manager rebates arise from contractual agreements with private health care plans that seek to reduce costs by negotiating discounts with pharmaceuticals manufacturers. under wholesaler chargeback programs, the wholesaler charges abbvie back for the difference between the price paid by the wholesaler to abbvie and the price paid by the end customer to the wholesaler under contractual discount agreements negotiated between abbvie and the end customer. in order to evaluate the adequacy of the ending accrual balances,
for each type of rebate, management uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for that rebate. external data sources used to estimate the inventory in the distribution channel include inventory levels periodically reported by wholesalers. management estimates the processing lag time based on periodic sampling of claims data. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, systems and calculations are used to track sales by product and by customer or payer and to estimate the contractual or statutory rebate or net price. abbvie believes its systems and calculations are reliable.
the following table is an analysis of the three largest rebate accruals and chargeback allowances, which comprise approximately 82 percent of the total consolidated rebate provisions charged against revenues in 2014. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross sales are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
provisions                               1,077       830                   1,645
provisions                               1,028       846                   2,362
provisions                               1,015       970                   2,825
historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. abbvie employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. for medicaid, medicare, and other government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.
cash discounts and returns cash discounts can be reliably estimated. product returns can be reliably estimated because abbvie's historical returns are low, and because sales return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.
pension and post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and the health care cost trend rates. the significant assumptions used in determining these calculations are disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the discount rate is the single rate that equates the discounted cash flows to the rates utilizing the yield curve. as a result, the yield-curve
approach reflects the specific cash flows for plans (i.e. duration) in calculating the discount rate. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate. abbvie's assumed discount rate has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and post-employment plans as of december 31, 2014, and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2015. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2015 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2014:
defined benefit plans service cost and interest cost       $(53        )     $59
projected benefit obligation              (466   )     540
projected benefit obligation              (50    )      58
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance, and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the current long-term rate of return on plan assets is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2014 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2015. as of december 31, 2014, a 1 percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would have increased or decreased the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2015 by $42 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of the plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of december 31, 2014 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2015. a 1 percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2015 and projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014:
projected benefit obligation         121              (92   )
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state, and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims, that arise in the normal course of business. refer to note 14 for further information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. there were no significant litigation reserves at december 31, 2014.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry, and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values, and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. ipr&d acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time, it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to ipr&d, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance, and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets using a quantitative impairment test.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, foreign currency exchange rates, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings, and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views of a company and similar companies. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the assets, and potentially result in different impacts to the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
at december 31, 2014 and 2013, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization totaled $7.4 billion and $8.2 billion, respectively, and amortization expense for intangible assets was $403 million, $509 million, and $625 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. there were no impairments of goodwill in 2014, 2013 or
2012. in 2014, abbvie recorded an impairment charge of $37 million related to certain on-market product rights in japan due to increased generic competition. the charge was included in cost of products sold. in 2012, abbvie recorded impairment charges of $13 million for certain projects under development. these charges were included in r&d expense. there were no impairment charges recorded in 2013.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, summary and amendments that create revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) and other assets and deferred costs—contracts with customers (subtopic 340-40). the amendments in asu 2014-09 supersede most current revenue recognition requirements. the core principal of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. this guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. early application is not permitted. abbvie can apply the amendments using one of the following two methods: (i) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or (ii) retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments recognized at the date of initial application. abbvie is currently assessing the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.