item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion in our md&a and elsewhere in this form 10-k contains trend analyses and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements are any statements that look to future events and consist of, among other things, our business strategies, including those discussed in "strategy" and "overview of fiscal 2015" below, anticipated future net revenue, future gaap and non-gaap earnings per share, operating margin, operating expenses, billings, other future financial results (by product type and geography) and subscriptions, the effectiveness of our efforts to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our expectations regarding the continued transition of our business model, our ability to increase our subscription base, expected market trends, including the growth of cloud, mobile, and social computing, the effect of unemployment and availability of credit, the effects of weak global economic conditions, the effects of revenue recognition, our backlog, expected trends in certain financial metrics, including expenses, the impact of acquisitions and investment activities, expectations regarding our cash needs, the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates and our hedging activities on our financial results, our abilities to successfully expand adoption of our products, our ability to gain market acceptance of new businesses and sales initiatives, our ability to successfully increase sales of product suites as part of our overall sales strategy, and the impact of economic volatility and geopolitical activities in certain countries, particularly emerging economy countries, and the resulting effect on our financial results. in addition, forward-looking statements also consist of statements involving expectations regarding product capability and acceptance, continuation of our stock repurchase program, statements regarding our liquidity and short-term and long-term cash requirements, as well as statements involving trend analyses and statements including such words as "may," "believe," "could," "anticipate," "would," "might," "plan," "expect," and similar expressions or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k and are subject to business and economic risks. as such, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements as a result of the factors set forth above in item 1a, "risk factors," and in our other reports filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission. we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law.
strategy autodesk's vision is to help people imagine, design, and create a better world. we do this by developing software and services for the world's designers, architects, engineers, digital artists, professionals, and non-professionals alike-the people who imagine, design, and create the world's products, buildings, infrastructure, films, and games. autodesk serves professional customers in three primary markets: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and digital media and entertainment.
our goal is to provide our customers with the world's most innovative, and engaging design software and services. our product and services portfolio allows our customers to digitally visualize, simulate, and analyze their projects, helping them to better understand the consequences of their design decisions; save time, money, and resources; and become more innovative.
autodesk was founded during the platform transition from mainframes and engineering workstations to personal computers. we developed and sustained a compelling value proposition based upon desktop software for the personal computer. just as the transition from mainframes to personal computers transformed the industry over 30 years ago, we believe our industry is undergoing a similar transition from the personal computer to cloud, social, and mobile computing. to address this transition we have accelerated our move to the cloud and mobile devices and are offering more flexible licensing. for example, in fiscal 2014, we began offering autodesk bim 360, plm 360, sim 360, and fusion 360, a few of our cloud based offerings, which provide tools, including social and mobile capabilities, to help streamline design, collaboration, and data management processes. we believe that customer adoption of these new offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these new services.
our strategy is to lead our customers and the industries they serve to the new cloud and mobile platforms. this entails both a technological shift and a business model shift. during fiscal 2014, we announced more flexible term-based license offerings, including term-based desktop subscriptions, for certain products. these offerings are designed to give our customers even more flexibility with how they use our products and service offerings and address new types of customers such as project-based users and small businesses. as part of this transition, we have discontinued upgrades effective march 6, 2015. on february 4, 2015, we also announced that new commercial seats of most standalone software products will be available only by desktop subscription beginning february 1, 2016.
over the next three years, we expect to increase our subscription base and customer value, which we believe will help drive billings growth. during the transition, revenue, deferred revenue, operating margin, and earnings per share will be affected as more revenue is recognized ratably rather than up front and as new offerings bring a wider variety of price points.
for fiscal 2015, our billings increased 18%, as compared to the prior fiscal year. the difference between our 10% year-over-year growth in revenue and our 18% year-over-year growth in billings represents 8 percentage points from the increase in deferred revenue, primarily driven by an increase in subscription billings over the past fiscal year and the business model transition.
at january 31, 2015 and january 31, 2014, our total subscriptions were 2.23 million and 1.85 million, respectively. subscription additions were led by maintenance subscriptions and benefited from promotional activity driving upgrades and maintenance renewals.
for the past three years, suites have been an important growth area to our overall strategy. as our customers in all industries adopt our design suites, we believe they will experience an increase in their productivity and the value of their design data. for fiscal 2015, revenue from suites increased 17%, as compared to the prior fiscal year. as a percentage of revenue, suites increased to 36% in fiscal 2015 as compared to 34% in fiscal 2014.
another key element of our growth strategy is increasing our global penetration. much of the growth in the world's construction and manufacturing is happening in emerging economies. further, emerging economies face many of the challenges that our design technology can help address, including infrastructure build-out and innovative design and manufacturing. in fiscal 2015, revenue from emerging economies increased 14% as compared to fiscal 2014 and represented 15% of net revenue for both fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. while we continue to believe there are long-term growth opportunities in emerging economies, conducting business in these countries presents significant challenges, including economic volatility, geopolitical risk, local competition, limited intellectual property protection, poorly developed business infrastructure, scarcity of talent, software piracy, and different purchase patterns as compared to the developed world.
today, complex challenges such as globalization, urbanization, and sustainable design are driving our customers to new levels of performance and competitiveness, and we are committed to helping them address those challenges and take advantage of new opportunities. to achieve these goals, we are capitalizing on two of our strongest competitive advantages: our ability to bring advanced technology to mainstream markets, and the breadth and depth of our product portfolio.
we bring powerful new design capabilities to volume markets. our products are designed to be easy-to-learn and use, and to provide customers with a low cost of deployment, a low total cost of access to our software offerings, and a rapid return on investment. in addition, our software architecture allows for extensibility and integration with other products. the breadth of our technology and product line gives us a unique competitive advantage, because it allows our customers to address a wide variety of problems in ways that transcend industry and disciplinary boundaries. this is particularly important in helping our customers address the complex challenges mentioned above. we also believe that our technological leadership and global brand recognition have positioned us well for long-term growth and industry leadership.
in addition to the competitive advantages afforded by our technology, our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, customers, educational institutions, educators, and students is a key competitive advantage. this network of partners and relationships provides us with a broad and deep reach into volume markets around the world. our distributor and reseller network is extensive and provides our customers with the resources to purchase, deploy, learn, and support our products quickly and easily. we have a significant number of registered third-party developers who create products that work well with our products and extend them for a variety of specialized applications.
autodesk is committed to helping fuel a lifelong passion for design in students of all ages. in fiscal 2014, we initiated a new program offering free educational licenses of autodesk software worldwide to students, educators, and educational institutions.  targeting both the secondary and postsecondary school markets, we collaborate with educators, institutions and partners that encourage design learning and further science, technology, engineering, digital arts, and math (steam) education initiatives.   our intention is to make autodesk software the ubiquitous design software of choice for those poised to become the next generation of professional users.
our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. acquisitions often increase the speed at which we can deliver product functionality to our customers; however, they entail cost and integration challenges and may, in certain instances, negatively impact our operating margins. we continually review these trade-offs in making decisions
regarding acquisitions. we currently anticipate that we will continue to acquire products, technology, and businesses as compelling opportunities become available.
our strategy depends upon a number of assumptions to successfully make the transition toward new cloud and mobile platforms, including the related technology and business model shifts; making our technology available to mainstream markets; leveraging our large global network of distributors, resellers, third-party developers, customers, educational institutions, and students; improving the performance and functionality of our products; and adequately protecting our intellectual property. if the outcome of any of these assumptions differs from our expectations, we may not be able to implement our strategy, which could potentially adversely affect our business. for further discussion regarding these and related risks see part i, item 1a, "risk factors."
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments, and estimates that can have a significant impact on amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. we base our assumptions, judgments, and estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. we regularly reevaluate our assumptions, judgments, and estimates. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1, "business and summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we believe that of all our significant accounting policies, the following policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations.
revenue recognition.    we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collection is probable. however, determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report.
for multiple element arrangements containing only software and software-related elements, we allocate the sales price among each of the deliverables using the residual method, under which revenue is allocated to undelivered elements based on our vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of fair value. vsoe is the price charged when an element is sold separately or a price set by management with the relevant authority. if we do not have vsoe of an undelivered software license, we defer revenue recognition on the entire sales arrangement until all elements for which we do not have vsoe are delivered. if we do not have vsoe for undelivered maintenance or services, the revenue for the arrangement is recognized over the longest contractual service period in the arrangement. we are required to exercise judgment in determining whether vsoe exists for each undelivered element based on whether our pricing for these elements is sufficiently consistent.
for multiple elements arrangements involving non-software elements, including cloud subscription services, our revenue recognition policy is based upon the accounting guidance contained in asc 605, revenue recognition. for these arrangements, we first allocate the total arrangement consideration based on the relative selling prices of the software group of elements as a whole and to the non-software elements. we then further allocate consideration within the software group to the respective elements within that group using the residual method as described above. we exercise judgment and use estimates in connection with the determination of the amount of revenue to be recognized in each accounting period.
we allocate the total arrangement consideration among the various elements based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on its vsoe if available, third-party evidence ("tpe") if vsoe is not available, or the best estimated selling price ("besp") if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. besp represents the price at which autodesk would transact for the deliverable if it were sold regularly on a standalone basis. to establish besp for those elements for which neither vsoe nor tpe are available, we perform a quantitative analysis of pricing data points for historical standalone transactions involving such elements for a twelve-month period. as part of this analysis, we monitor and evaluate the besp against actual pricing to ensure that it continues to represent a reasonable estimate of the standalone selling price, considering several other external and internal factors including, but not limited to, pricing and discounting practices, contractually stated prices, the geographies in which we offer our products and services, and the type of customer (i.e. distributor, value-added reseller, and direct end user, among others). we analyze besp at least annually or on a more frequent basis if a significant change in our business necessitates a more timely analysis or if we experience significant variances in our selling prices.
our assessment of likelihood of collection is also a critical factor in determining the timing of revenue recognition. if we do not believe that collection is probable, the revenue will be deferred until the earlier of when collection is deemed probable or payment is received.
our indirect channel model includes both a two-tiered distribution structure, where distributors sell to resellers, and a one-tiered structure where autodesk sells directly to resellers. our product license revenue from distributors and resellers are generally recognized at the time title to our product passes to the distributor, in a two-tiered structure, or reseller, in a one-tiered structure, provided all other criteria for revenue recognition are met. this policy is predicated on our ability to estimate sales returns, among other criteria. we are also required to evaluate whether our distributors and resellers have the ability to honor their commitment to make fixed or determinable payments, regardless of whether they collect payment from their customers. our policy also presumes that we have no significant performance obligations in connection with the sale of our product licenses by our distributors and resellers to their customers. if we were to change any of these assumptions or judgments, it could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period.
as part of the indirect channel model, autodesk has a partner incentive program that uses quarterly attainment monetary rewards to motivate distributors and resellers to achieve mutually agreed upon business goals in a specified time period. a portion of these incentives reduce license and other revenue in the current period. the remainder, which relates to incentives on our subscription program, is recorded as a reduction to deferred revenue in the period the maintenance transaction is billed and subsequently recognized as a reduction to maintenance revenue over the contract period. these incentive balances do not require significant assumptions or judgments. the reserves associated with the partner incentive program are treated on the balance sheet as either contra account receivable (when due to distributors and direct resellers) or accounts payable (when due to indirect resellers).
marketable securities. as described in note 2, "financial instruments," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, our investments in marketable securities are measured at the end of each reporting period and reported at fair value. fair value is defined as the price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. in determining the fair value of our investments we are sometimes required to use various alternative valuation techniques. inputs to valuation techniques are either observable or unobservable. observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. these two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy:
this hierarchy requires us to minimize the use of unobservable inputs and to use observable market data, if available, when determining fair value. this is generally true for our cash and cash equivalents and the majority of our marketable securities, which we consider to be level 1 assets and level 2 assets. however, determining the fair value of marketable securities when observable inputs are not available (level 3) requires significant judgment. for example, we use probability weighted discounted cash flow models, in which some of the inputs are unobservable in the market, to estimate the fair value of our convertible debt securities. these assumptions are inherently subjective and involve significant management judgment. whenever possible, we use observable market data and rely on unobservable inputs only when observable market data is not available, when determining fair value.
all of autodesk's marketable securities are subject to a periodic impairment review. we recognize an impairment charge when a decline in the fair value of its investments below the cost basis is judged to be other-than-temporary. autodesk considers various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than autodesk's cost basis, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and autodesk's intent and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value.
business combinations.     we allocate the fair value of the consideration transferred to the assets and liabilities acquired, as well as to in-process research and development based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. the purchase price allocation requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date with respect to intangible assets and deferred revenue obligations.
although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to:
these estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and if different estimates were used the purchase price for the acquisition could be allocated to the acquired assets and liabilities differently from the allocation that we have made. in addition, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such estimates, and if such events occur we may be required to record a charge against the value ascribed to an acquired asset or an increase in the amounts recorded for assumed liabilities.
goodwill.     when we acquire a business, a portion of the consideration transferred is typically allocated to acquired technology and other identifiable intangible assets, such as customer relationships and developed technology. the excess of the consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition-date fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. the amounts allocated to acquired technology and other intangible assets represent our estimates of their fair values at the acquisition date. we amortize the acquired technology and other intangible assets with finite lives over their estimated useful lives. the estimation of acquisition-date fair values of intangible assets and their useful lives requires us to make assumptions and judgments, including but not limited to an evaluation of macroeconomic conditions as they relate to our business, industry and market trends, projections of future cash flows, and appropriate discount rates.
we test goodwill for impairment annually in our fourth fiscal quarter or sooner should events or changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment. an optional assessment of qualitative factors of impairment ("optional assessment") can be utilized prior to necessitating a two-step quantitative impairment test. should the optional assessment be utilized for any given fiscal year, qualitative factors to consider include cost factors; financial performance; legal, regulatory, contractual, political, business, or other factors; entity specific factors; industry and market considerations, macroeconomic conditions, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting unit. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary.
under the two-step quantitative impairment test, we use discounted cash flow models that include assumptions regarding projected cash flows. variances in these assumptions could have a significant impact on our conclusion as to whether goodwill is impaired, or the amount of any impairment charge. impairment charges, if any, result from instances where the fair values of net assets associated with goodwill are less than their carrying values. as changes in business conditions and our assumptions occur, we may be required to record impairment charges.
for our annual impairment assessment in fiscal 2015, we utilized the optional assessment for delcam, which has been deemed a separate reporting unit within our manufacturing ("mfg") operating segment. based on a review of the qualitative factors described above, we determined that for our delcam reporting unit it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value. as a result, we concluded that performing the two-step impairment test was not necessary for delcam.
we used the quantitative two-step impairment test for each of our remaining reporting units: platform solutions and emerging business ("pseb"), mfg, architecture, engineering, and construction ("aec"), and media and entertainment
("m&e"). when applying the quantitative two-step impairment test, a discounted cash flow model was used, which included assumptions regarding projected cash flows. based on this testing, we determined that the fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying value for each of the four reporting units and therefore the goodwill of each reporting unit was not impaired during the fiscal year ended january 31, 2015.
realizability of long-lived assets.     we assess the realizability of our long-lived assets and related intangible assets, other than goodwill, annually during the fourth fiscal quarter, or sooner should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. we consider the following factors important in determining when to perform an impairment review: significant under-performance of a business or product line relative to budget; shifts in business strategies which affect the continued uses of the assets; significant negative industry or economic trends; and the results of past impairment reviews. when such events or changes in circumstances occur, we assess recoverability of these assets.
we assess recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. if impairment indicators were present based on our undiscounted cash flow models, which include assumptions regarding projected cash flows, we would perform a discounted cash flow analysis to assess impairments on long-lived assets. variances in these assumptions could have a significant impact on our conclusion as to whether an asset is impaired or the amount of any impairment charge. impairment charges, if any, result in situations where any fair values of these assets are less than their carrying values.
in addition to our recoverability assessments, we routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of our long-lived assets. any reduction in the useful life assumption will result in increased depreciation and amortization expense in the quarter when such determinations are made, as well as in subsequent quarters.
we will continue to evaluate the values of our long-lived assets in accordance with applicable accounting rules. as changes in business conditions and our assumptions occur, we may be required to record impairment charges.
income taxes.     we have $185.1 million of net deferred tax assets as of january 31, 2015, primarily a result of tax credits, net operating losses, and timing differences for reserves, accrued liabilities, stock options, deferred revenue, purchased technologies, and capitalized intangibles, partially offset by the establishment of u.s. deferred tax liabilities on unremitted earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries, and valuation allowances against u.s. and foreign deferred tax assets. we perform a quarterly assessment of the recoverability of these net deferred tax assets and believe that we will generate sufficient future taxable income in appropriate tax jurisdictions to realize the net deferred tax assets. our judgments regarding future profitability may change due to future market conditions and other factors, including intercompany transfer pricing adjustments. any change in future profitability may require material adjustments to these net deferred tax assets, resulting in a reduction in net income in the period when such determination is made. we believe our tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. it is possible that these positions may be challenged by jurisdictional tax authorities and may have a significant impact on our effective tax rate.
stock-based compensation. we measure stock-based compensation cost at the grant date fair value of the award, and recognize expense ratably over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. we estimate the fair value of certain stock-based payment awards (including grants of stock options and employee stock purchases related to the employee stock purchase plan) using either the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model or a binomial-lattice model (e.g., monte carlo simulation model). to determine the grant-date fair value of our stock-based payment awards, we use a black-scholes model or the quoted stock price on the date of grant, unless the awards are subject to market conditions, in which case we use the monte carlo simulation model. the monte carlo simulation model utilizes multiple input variables to estimate the probability that market conditions will be achieved. these variables include our expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the award, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected dividends. the variables used in these models are reviewed on a quarterly basis and adjusted, as needed. share-based compensation cost for restricted stock is measured on the closing fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. the value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
legal contingencies. as described in part i, item 3, "legal proceedings" and part ii, item 8, note 8, "commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements, we are periodically involved in various legal claims and proceedings. we routinely review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. if the potential loss from any matter is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability for the estimated loss. because of inherent uncertainties related to these legal matters, we base our loss accruals on the best information
available at the time. as additional information becomes available, we reassess our potential liability and may revise our estimates. such revisions could have a material impact on future quarterly or annual results of operations.
recently issued accounting standards see part ii, item 8, note 1, "business and summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on results of operations and financial condition.
gross profit                               2,170.1                             86            %                         1,999.6                             88            %
during fiscal 2015, as compared to the prior fiscal year, net revenue increased 10%, gross profit increased 9%, and income from operations decreased 58%. contributing to the year over year decrease in income from operations during fiscal 2015 was an increase in operating expenses, offset by increases in both subscription revenue and license and other revenue.
we continue to make progress on our business model transition announced in fiscal 2014 with more flexible licenses and service offerings that have ratable revenue streams. as a result, our net revenue for fiscal 2015 excluded approximately $87 million that was deferred as a result of the transition. the $87 million related to flexible licensing arrangements with certain enterprise customers and had a particular impact on license revenue in the americas and emea geographies, as well as our aec and mfg business segments.
our business experienced year over year growth in our aec, mfg, and pseb segments, many of our major products, particularly our aec suites, and all of our geographic areas, particularly emea. this growth contributed to the year over year increase in both subscription and license and other revenue during fiscal 2015. we also experienced growth in our total subscriptions and billings during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to promotional activity driving upgrades and maintenance renewals in advance of the end of upgrades after fiscal 2015.
income from operations for fiscal 2015 was negatively impacted by increased spend as a result of the business model transition, the incremental employee costs associated with acquisitions, investments in our move to the cloud, as well as increased spending on other key initiatives.
revenue analysis revenue from flagship products represented 48% and 51% of total net revenue during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. revenue from flagship products increased by 2% as compared to the prior fiscal year. revenue from suites represented 36% and 34% of total net revenue for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively, and increased by 17% compared to the prior fiscal year. revenue from new and adjacent products represented 16% and 14% of total net revenue during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. revenue from new and adjacent products increased by 24% as compared to fiscal 2014.
we rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the u.s. and international regions, including tech data corporation and its global affiliates (collectively, "tech data"). tech data accounted for 25% and 24% of our consolidated net revenue during fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. we believe our business is not substantially dependent on tech data. our customers through tech data are the resellers and end users who purchase our software licenses and services. should any of the agreements between tech data and us be terminated for any reason, we believe the resellers and end users who currently
purchase our products through tech data would be able to continue to do so under substantially the same terms from one of our many other distributors without substantial disruption to our revenue.
operating margin analysis income from operations decreased 58% in fiscal 2015 due to a $334.6 million or 20% increase in our operating expenses and a $67.8 million or 25% increase in cost of revenue, as compared to fiscal 2014. partially offsetting the increase in our spend was a $238.3 million or 10% increase in net revenue, as compared to the prior fiscal year. our operating margin decreased to 5% for fiscal 2015 from 13% for fiscal 2014. the increase in cost of revenue was driven by employee related expenses associated with the business model transition as well as the inclusion of delcam related costs and an increase in cloud service costs as compared to the prior fiscal year. the increase in operating expenses between fiscal 2015 and 2014 was driven by higher employee related costs, primarily due to increased headcount and higher commissions expense as a result of increased billings. also impacting the increase in operating expenses during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 was an increase in professional fees related to acquisition and business model transition initiatives.
further discussion regarding the cost of revenue and operating expense activities are discussed below under the heading "results of operations."
foreign currency analysis we generate a significant amount of our revenue in the u.s., japan, germany, france, and the united kingdom. total net revenue for fiscal 2015 increased 10% on an as reported basis compared to the prior fiscal year, and was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rate changes during fiscal 2015. had applicable exchange rates from fiscal 2014 been in effect during fiscal 2015 and had we excluded foreign exchange hedge gains and losses from both fiscal 2014 and 2015 ("on a constant currency basis"), net revenue would have increased 12% compared to the prior fiscal year.
changes in the value of the u.s. dollar may have a significant effect on net revenue, total spend, and income from operations in future periods. we use foreign currency contracts to reduce the exchange rate effect on a portion of the net revenue of certain anticipated transactions but do not attempt to completely mitigate the impact of fluctuations of such foreign currency against the u.s. dollar.
balance sheet and cash flow items at january 31, 2015, we had $2,299.4 million in cash and marketable securities. we completed fiscal 2015 with higher deferred revenue and accounts receivable balances as compared to the prior fiscal year. our deferred revenue balance at january 31, 2015 included $936.8 million of deferred subscription revenue primarily related to customer maintenance contracts, which will be recognized as revenue ratably over the life of the contracts. the term of our maintenance contracts is typically between one and three years. our cash flow from operations increased 26% to $708.1 million as of january 31, 2015 from $563.5 million at january 31, 2014. we repurchased 6.9 million shares of our common stock for $372.4 million during fiscal 2015. comparatively, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock for $423.8 million during fiscal 2014. further discussion regarding the balance sheet and cash flow activities are discussed below under the heading "liquidity and capital resources."
business outlook autodesk's business model is evolving. we continue to assess current business offerings including introducing more flexible license and service offerings that have ratable revenue streams. the accounting impact of these offerings and other business decisions are expected to result in an increase in the percentage of our ratable revenue, making for a more predictable business over time, while correspondingly reducing our upfront perpetual revenue stream. over time, we expect our business model transition to expand our customer base by eliminating higher up-front licensing costs and providing more flexibility in how customers gain access to and pay for our products. we also expect our traditional perpetual license revenue to decline without a corresponding decrease in expenses over the next 12 to 24 months. in the future, we expect this business model transition will increase our long-term revenue growth rate by increasing total subscriptions and customer value over time.
we expect net revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 will range from $625 million to $645 million, and that gaap diluted earnings per share will range from $0.01 to $0.06 while non-gaap diluted earnings per share will range from $0.25 to $0.30. non-gaap earnings per diluted share exclude $0.16 related to stock-based compensation expense and $0.08 related to the amortization of acquisition related intangibles, net of tax.
we expect net billings for fiscal 2016 to increase by approximately 3% to 5% compared to fiscal 2015. we expect net revenue for fiscal 2016 to increase by approximately 3% to 5% compared to fiscal 2015, and that gaap diluted earnings per share will range from $0.10 to $0.25 while non-gaap diluted earnings per share will range from $1.05 to $1.20. non-gaap earnings per diluted share exclude $0.70 related to stock-based compensation expense and $0.25 related to the amortization of acquisition related intangibles, net of tax. autodesk anticipates fiscal 2016 gaap operating margin to be approximately 2% to 4% and non-gaap operating margin to be approximately 13% to 15%.  the non-gaap operating margin excludes 8 percentage points related to stock-based compensation expense and 3 percentage points related to the amortization of acquisition related intangibles, net of tax. autodesk expects to add approximately 375,000 to 425,000 net new subscriptions in fiscal 2016.
we remain diligent about managing our spend while making essential investments to drive growth. if we are unable to successfully achieve our major business initiatives we may not achieve our financial goals.
architecture, engineering, and construction (1)                      $872.6                                  $142.0                               19          %                          $730.6                     $29.5                                              4   %                                 $701.1
(1)   for comparability, the presentation of the balances at january 31, 2013 was adjusted to align to current year presentation.
fiscal 2015 net revenue compared to fiscal 2014 net revenue certain prior period balances have been updated to conform with current period presentation.
total license and other revenue increased 7% during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. this increase was primarily due to a 7% increase in product license revenue as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. the increase in product license revenue was primarily due to an 8% increase in suites revenue and an increase of 4% in revenue from our flagship products.
during fiscal 2015, total other revenue represented 11% of license and other revenue, and 6% of total net revenue. other revenue increased by 7% during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. this increase is primarily due to a 17% increase in revenue from consulting, partially offset by a 65% decrease in revenue from our education products as a result of our strategic transition to offer free educational licenses of autodesk software to students, educators, and institutions.
backlog related to current software license product orders that had not shipped at the end of the fiscal year increased by $20.7 million from $19.7 million at january 31, 2014 to $40.4 million at january 31, 2015. backlog from current software license product orders that we have not yet shipped consists of orders for currently available licensed software products from customers with approved credit status.
subscription revenue our subscription revenue consists of three components: (1) maintenance revenue from our software products; (2) maintenance revenue from our term-based desktop subscription and enterprise offerings; and (3) revenue from our cloud service offerings. our maintenance program provides our customers of software products with a cost effective and predictable budgetary option to obtain the productivity benefits of our new releases and enhancements when and if released during the term of their contracts. under our maintenance program, customers are eligible to receive unspecified upgrades when and if available, downloadable training courses, and online support. we recognize maintenance revenue ratably over the term of the maintenance agreement, which is generally between one and three years. revenue for our cloud service offerings is recognized ratably over the contract term commencing with the date our service is made available to customers and all other revenue recognition criteria have been satisfied.
net revenue by geographic area net revenue in the americas geography increased by 10% as reported and on a constant currency basis during fiscal 2015, as compared to the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to a 16% increase in our suites revenue and an 18% increase in our new and adjacent product revenue in this geography during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase in this geography was led by the u.s.
net revenue in the emea geography increased by 15% on an as reported basis and 13% on a constant currency basis during fiscal 2015 as compared to the prior fiscal year. this increase was primarily due to a 24% increase in our suites products and a 45% increase in our new and adjacent product revenue in this geography during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase in our revenue in this geography was led by germany and france.
net revenue in the apac geography increased 5% on an as reported basis and 11% on a constant currency basis, during fiscal 2015 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a 4% increase in our flagship products and a 5% increase in our suites products in this geography. our revenue in this geography during fiscal 2015 benefited from increases in revenue from south korea and india, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from japan.
international net revenue represented 71% and 70% of our total net revenue for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. we believe that international revenue will continue to comprise a majority of our total net revenue. unfavorable economic conditions in the countries that contribute a significant portion of our net revenue, including in emerging economies, may have an adverse effect on our business in those countries and our overall financial performance. changes in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies have significantly affected, and could continue to significantly affect, our financial results for a given period even though we hedge a portion of our current and projected revenue. additionally, weak global economic conditions that have been characterized by restructuring of sovereign debt, high unemployment, and volatility in the financial markets may impact our future financial results.
net revenue for aec increased by 19% during fiscal 2015 as compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to a 31% increase in revenue from our aec suites, which was primarily driven by autodesk building design suite and autodesk infrastructure design suite.
net revenue for mfg increased by 17% during fiscal 2015 as compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to the acquisition of delcam plc ("delcam"). also contributing to the increase in net revenue for mfg was a 9% increase in revenue from our mfg suites, which was primarily driven by the autodesk product design suite, as compared to fiscal 2014.
net revenue for m&e decreased by 4% during fiscal 2015 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to an 11% decrease in revenue from creative finishing and a 2% decrease in revenue from animation. the decline in creative finishing was marked by a general decrease in the m&e industry end-market demand, partially offset by a 33% increase in sales of our creative finishing hardware products. the decrease in animation revenue was primarily due to a 20% decrease in revenue from our m&e suites, which was driven by our autodesk entertainment creation suite, partially offset by a 5% increase in our flagship product 3ds max. m&e revenue is impacted by a general decrease in the m&e industry end-market demand, the planned inclusion of our m&e products in other autodesk industry suites, and the business model transition as customers are opting for desktop subscription.
fiscal 2014 net revenue compared to fiscal 2013 net revenue this discussion has been updated to conform with current period's presentation.
license and other revenue total license and other revenue decreased 8% during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. this decrease was primarily due to a 7% decrease in product license revenue as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year. the decline in product license revenue was primarily due to a decrease of 15% in revenue from our flagship products partially offset by an increase of 10% in our suites products.
during fiscal 2014, total other revenue represented 11% of license and other revenue. other revenue decreased by 11% during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. this decrease is primarily due to a 56% decrease in our education products as a result of our transition to granting no or low-cost software licenses to educational institutions in select regions and to key partners during fiscal 2014, consistent with our strategy.
net subscription billings remained flat during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to a decline in multi-year maintenance subscriptions partially offset by an increase in billings from suites, which have higher maintenance subscription prices.
net revenue by geographic area net revenue in the americas geography decreased by 2% as reported and on a constant currency basis during fiscal 2014, as compared to the prior fiscal year. this decrease was primarily due to a 13% decrease in our flagship product revenue partially offset by a 14% increase in our suites revenue in this geography during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease in our revenue in this geography was led by canada and brazil partially offset by an increase in revenue from the u.s.
net revenue in the europe, middle east, and africa ("emea") geography decreased by 2%, and remained flat on a constant currency basis, during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year. this decrease was primarily due to a 13% decrease in our flagship products partially offset by a 21% increase in our suites products in this geography during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease in our revenue in this geography was led by ireland, sweden, and the netherlands partially offset by an increase in revenue from finland and the united kingdom.
net revenue in the apac geography decreased 1% and increased by 5% on a constant currency basis, during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a 3% decrease in our flagship products partially offset by a 10% increase in our suites products in this geography. our revenue in this geography during fiscal 2014 was impacted by decreases in revenue from australia, japan, and taiwan, partially offset by an increase in revenue from china.
international net revenue represented 70% and 71% of our total net revenue for fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. we believe that international revenue will continue to comprise a majority of our total net revenue.
net revenue for aec increased by 4% during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to a 31% increase in revenue from our aec suites, which was primarily driven by autodesk building design suite and autodesk infrastructure design suite.
net revenue for mfg increased by 1% during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to a 9% increase in revenue from our mfg suites, which was primarily driven by the autodesk product design suite. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our flagship product, autocad mechanical.
net revenue for m&e decreased by 10% during fiscal 2014 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to a 7% decrease in revenue from animation and a 17% decrease in revenue from creative finishing. the decrease in animation revenue was primarily due to a 9% decrease in revenue from our flagship product, maya, and a 16% decrease from our m&e suites, which was driven by our autodesk entertainment creation suite. the decline in creative finishing was marked by a general decrease in m&e industry end-market demand.
cost of license and other revenue includes labor costs associated with product setup and fulfillment and costs of fulfilling consulting and training services contracts and collaborative project management services contracts. cost of license and other revenue also includes stock-based compensation expense, direct material and overhead charges, amortization of purchased technology, professional services fees and royalties. direct material and overhead charges include the cost of hardware sold (mainly pc-based workstations for creative finishing in the m&e segment), costs associated with transferring our software to electronic media, physical media, packaging materials, and shipping and handling costs.
cost of license and other revenue increased 17% during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily from the acquisition of delcam and consulting support costs associated with an increased headcount and increased professional fees related to the building out of the consulting services offered within customer contracts. cost of license and other revenue increased 8% during fiscal 2014, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to an increase in consulting support costs.
cost of subscription revenue includes the labor costs of providing product support to our maintenance and cloud subscription customers, including rent and occupancy, shipping and handling costs, professional services fees related to operating our network infrastructure, including depreciation expense and operating lease payments associated with computer equipment, data center costs, salaries, and related expenses of network operations. cost of subscription revenue increased 40% during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to higher employee-related costs as a result of increased premium support headcount as well as an increase in cloud services-related expenses. cost of subscription revenue increased 32% during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to an increase in cloud services-related expenses.
we expect cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars and slightly increase as a percentage of net revenue during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to an increase in costs associated with meeting our major business initiatives.
marketing and sales expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for our marketing and sales employees, the expense of travel, entertainment and training for such personnel, the costs of programs aimed at increasing revenue, such as advertising, trade shows and expositions, and various sales and promotional programs. marketing and sales expenses also include labor costs of sales and order processing, sales and dealer commissions, rent and occupancy, and the cost of supplies and equipment.
we expect to balance our need to invest in the marketing and sales of our products with our desire to actively manage our marketing and sales operating expenses. as a result, we expect marketing and sales expense to slightly increase in absolute dollars and slightly decrease as a percentage of net revenue in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to an increase in costs as we work towards meeting our major business initiatives.
research and development expenses, which are expensed as incurred, consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for research and development employees, and the expense of travel, entertainment and training for such personnel, rent and occupancy, and professional services such as fees paid to software development firms and independent contractors.
research and development expenses increased 19% during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs from salaries and bonuses and an increase in professional fees. research and development expenses increased 2% during fiscal 2014, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs from salaries and fringe benefits and an increase in professional fees partially offset by a decline in stock-based compensation expense due to a one-time charge associated with the acquisition of socialcam in fiscal 2013.
general and administrative for comparability, the balances at january 31, 2014 and january 31, 2013, including the table, were adjusted to align to current year presentation, and therefore the discussion has been updated accordingly.
general and administrative expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for our finance, human resources, and legal employees, as well as professional fees for legal and accounting services, gains and losses on our operating expense cash flow hedges, expense of travel, entertainment and training, expense of communication, and the cost of supplies and equipment.
general and administrative expenses increased 34% from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs from salaries and bonuses and an increase in professional fees. general and administrative expenses increased 3% from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014, primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs from salaries and fringe benefits in fiscal 2014.
we expect general and administrative expense to increase in absolute dollars and slightly increase as a percentage of net revenue during fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to an increase in costs associated with supporting our major business initiatives.
amortization of purchased intangibles increased 9% from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015, primarily related to the accumulated effects associated with amortization expense of intangible assets purchased over time, including $164.1 million in assets purchased in fiscal 2015 as compared to $40.3 million purchased in fiscal 2014.
amortization of purchased intangibles decreased 13% from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014, primarily related to the accumulated effects associated with amortization expense of intangible assets purchased over time, including $40.3 million in assets purchased in fiscal 2014 as compared to $76.9 million purchased in fiscal 2013.
during fiscal 2014, our board of directors approved a world-wide restructuring plan in order to re-balance staffing levels to better align them with the evolving needs of the business. during fiscal 2015, autodesk recorded a restructuring charge of $3.1 million. of this amount, $2.5 million was recorded for one-time termination benefits and other costs and $0.6 million was recorded for facilities-related costs.
during fiscal 2013, the our board of directors approved a world-wide restructuring plan in line with the company's strategy, including its continuing shift to cloud and mobile computing. the approved plan included a reduction in force and the consolidation of certain leased facilities.
interest and other (expense) income, net, decreased $9.0 million during fiscal 2014, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to interest expense resulting from the december 2012 issuance of $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.95% senior notes due december 15, 2017 and $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.6% senior notes due december 15, 2022. interest and investment income fluctuates based on average cash, marketable securities and debt balances, average maturities, and interest rates.
provision for income taxes we account for income taxes and the related accounts under the liability method. deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted rates expected to be in effect during the year in which the basis differences reverse.
our effective tax rate was 1% and 18% during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. our effective tax rate decreased 17 percentage points from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 due to an increase in tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 and increased benefit from research credits, offset in part by lower tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
our effective tax rate was 18% and 20% during fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. our effective tax rate decreased two percentage points from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014 primarily due to an increase in tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013, offset in part by lower tax benefits from restructuring and additional tax expense associated with uncertain tax positions and audit assessments.
our future effective tax rate may be materially impacted by the amount of benefits and charges from tax amounts associated with our foreign earnings that are taxed at rates different from the federal statutory rate, research credits, state income taxes, the tax impact of stock-based compensation, accounting for uncertain tax positions, business combinations, u.s. manufacturer's deduction, closure of statute of limitations or settlement of tax audits, changes in valuation allowances and changes in tax laws including possible u.s. tax law changes that, if enacted, could significantly impact how u.s. multinational companies are taxed on foreign subsidiary earnings. a significant amount of our earnings is generated by our europe and asia pacific subsidiaries. our future effective tax rates may be adversely affected to the extent earnings are lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates or we repatriate certain foreign earnings on which u.s. taxes have not previously been provided.
for additional information regarding our income tax provision and reconciliation of our effective rate to the federal statutory rate of 35%, see note 4, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other financial information in addition to our results determined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") discussed above, we believe the following non-gaap measures are useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance. for the fiscal years ended january 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, our gross profit, gross margin, income from operations, operating margin, net income, and diluted earnings per share on a gaap and non-gaap basis were as follows (in millions except for gross margin, operating margin and per share data):
(unaudited)
gross profit                                     $2,170.1                $1,999.6                 $2,073.7
non-gaap gross profit                            $2,232.2                $2,049.8                 $2,118.6
(1)   effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, autodesk began excluding gains and losses on strategic investments for purposes of its non-gaap financial measures. prior period non-gaap interest and other income (expense), net, net income, and earnings per share amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
for our internal budgeting and resource allocation process and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons, we use non-gaap measures to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis. these non-gaap measures do not include certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. we use non-gaap measures in making operating decisions because we believe those measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our earning
potential and performance for management by excluding certain expenses and charges that may not be indicative of our core business operating results. for the reasons set forth below, we believe these non-gaap financial measures are useful to investors both because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making and (2) they are used by our institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the health of our business. this allows investors and others to better understand and evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same manner as management, compare financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies and to better understand the long-term performance of our core business. we also use some of these measures for purposes of determining company-wide incentive compensation.
there are limitations in using non-gaap financial measures because non-gaap financial measures are not prepared in accordance with gaap and may be different from non-gaap financial measures used by other companies. the non-gaap financial measures included above are limited in value because they exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. in addition, they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which charges are excluded from the non-gaap financial measures. we compensate for these limitations by analyzing current and future results on a gaap basis as well as a non-gaap basis and also by providing gaap measures in our public disclosures. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is meant to be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from, the directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with gaap. we urge investors to review the reconciliation of our non-gaap financial measures to the comparable gaap financial measures included below, and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.
(unaudited)
gross profit                                   $2,170.1                $1,999.6                $2,073.7
non-gaap gross profit                          $2,232.2                $2,049.8                $2,118.6
discrete tax provision items                      (18.7    )              (10.2    )              (26.7    )
discrete tax provision items                      (0.08    )              (0.04    )              (0.12    )
(1)   effective in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, autodesk began excluding gains and losses on strategic investments for purposes of its non-gaap financial measures. prior period non-gaap interest and other income (expense), net, net income, and earnings per share amounts have been revised to conform to the current period presentation.
stock-based compensation expenses.  we exclude stock-based compensation expenses from non-gaap measures primarily because they are non-cash expenses and management finds it useful to exclude certain non-cash charges to assess the appropriate level of various operating expenses to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. moreover, because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types that companies can use under fasb asc topic 718, we believe excluding stock-based compensation expenses allows investors to make meaningful comparisons between our recurring core business operating results and those of other companies.
amortization of acquisition-related developed technologies and purchased intangibles.  we incur amortization of acquisition-related developed technology and purchased intangibles in connection with acquisitions of certain businesses and technologies. amortization of developed technologies and purchased intangibles is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. management finds it useful to exclude these variable charges from our cost of revenues to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to our revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to our future period revenues as well. amortization of developed technologies and purchased intangible assets will recur in future periods.
goodwill impairment.  this is a non-cash charge to write-down goodwill to fair value when there was an indication that the asset was impaired. as explained above, management finds it useful to exclude certain non-cash charges to assess the appropriate level of various operating expenses to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods.
restructuring charges (benefits), net.  these expenses are associated with realigning our business strategies based on current economic conditions. in connection with these restructuring actions, we recognize costs related to termination benefits for former employees whose positions were eliminated, and the closure of facilities and cancellation of certain contracts. we exclude these charges because these expenses are not reflective of ongoing business and operating results. we believe it is useful for investors to understand the effects of these items on our total operating expenses.
loss (gain) on strategic investments. we exclude gains and losses related to our strategic investments from our non-gaap measures primarily because management finds it useful to exclude these variable gains and losses on these investments in assessing our financial results. included in these amounts are non-cash unrealized gains and losses on the derivative components and realized gains and losses on the sale or losses on the impairment of these investments. we believe excluding these items is useful to investors because these excluded items do not correlate to the underlying performance of our business and these losses or gains were incurred in connection with strategic investments which do not occur regularly.
establishment of a valuation allowance on certain net deferred tax assets.  this is a non-cash charge to record a valuation allowance on certain deferred tax assets. as explained above, management finds it useful to exclude certain non-cash charges to assess the appropriate level of various cash expenses to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods.
discrete tax items. we exclude the gaap tax provision, including discrete items, from the non-gaap measure of income, and include a non-gaap tax provision based upon the projected annual non-gaap effective tax rate. discrete tax items include income tax expenses or benefits that do not relate to ordinary income from continuing operations in the current fiscal year, unusual or infrequently occurring items, or the tax impact of certain stock-based compensation. examples of discrete tax items include, but are not limited to, certain changes in judgment and changes in estimates of tax matters related to prior fiscal years, certain costs related to business combinations, certain changes in the realizability of deferred tax assets or changes in tax law. management believes this approach assists investors in understanding the tax provision and the effective tax rate related to ongoing operations. we believe the exclusion of these discrete tax items provides investors with useful supplemental information about the company's operational performance.
income tax effects on the difference between gaap and non-gaap costs and expenses. the income tax effects that are excluded from the non-gaap measures relate to the tax impact on the difference between gaap and non-gaap expenses, primarily due to stock-based compensation, amortization of purchased intangibles and restructuring charges (benefits) for gaap and non-gaap measures.
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of cash is from the sale of licenses to our products. our primary use of cash is payment of our operating costs, which consist primarily of employee-related expenses, such as compensation and benefits, as well as general operating expenses for marketing, facilities, and overhead costs. in addition to operating expenses, we also use cash to fund our stock repurchase program and invest in our growth initiatives, which include acquisitions of products, technology, and businesses. see further discussion of these items below.
at january 31, 2015, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $2,299.4 million and net accounts receivable of $458.9 million.
in fiscal 2013, we issued $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.95% senior notes due december 15, 2017 and $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.6% senior notes due december 15, 2022, (collectively, the "senior notes"). as of march 18, 2015, we have $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding. our senior notes do not contain any financial covenants. in addition, we have a line of credit facility that permits unsecured short-term borrowings of up to $400.0 million. the credit facility contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and two financial covenants: a leverage ratio, and an interest coverage ratio. the credit facility limits our ability to incur additional indebtedness and has certain other restrictions on our activities as defined in the credit agreement. as of january 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the credit facility's covenants. we have no amounts outstanding under the credit facility as of march 18, 2015. the credit facility expires in may 2018. borrowings under the credit facility and the net proceeds from the offering of the senior notes are available for general corporate purposes.
our cash and cash equivalents are held by diversified financial institutions globally. our primary commercial banking relationship is with citigroup and its global affiliates. in addition, citibank n.a., an affiliate of citigroup, is one of the lead lenders and agent in the syndicate of our $400.0 million line of credit.
the decrease in our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities to $2,299.4 million at january 31, 2015 from $2,544.4 million at january 31, 2014 is primarily due to cash used for acquisitions, including business combination and technology purchases, the repurchase of common stock, and lower proceeds from the issuance of common stock as compared to the prior fiscal year. the cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock varies based on our stock price, stock option exercise activity, and the volume of employee purchases under the employee stock purchase plan ("esp plan"). these decreases to cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are partially offset by an increase in cash generated by operating activities.
the primary source for net cash provided by operating activities of $708.1 million for fiscal 2015 was net income of $81.8 million increased by the effect of non-cash expenses totaling $311.5 million associated with depreciation, amortization, accretion, and stock-based compensation. in addition, net cash flow provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities was $296.0 million. the primary working capital sources of cash were an increase in deferred revenue and accrued compensation for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. our days sales outstanding in trade receivables was 63 at january 31, 2015 compared to 66 at january 31, 2014. the decrease in days sales outstanding primarily relates to improved billings linearity. the primary working capital uses of cash were a decrease in income taxes payable and an increase in accounts receivable for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.
at january 31, 2015, our short-term investment portfolio had an estimated fair value of $615.8 million and a cost basis of $612.3 million. the portfolio fair value consisted of $258.4 million invested in commercial paper, $148.0 million invested in corporate debt securities, $101.9 million invested in certificates of deposit, $37.9 million invested in u.s. government agency securities, and $29.3 million invested in municipal securities.
at january 31, 2015, $40.3 million of trading securities were invested in a defined set of mutual funds as directed by the participants in our deferred compensation plan (see note 6, "deferred compensation," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion).
long-term cash requirements for items other than normal operating expenses are anticipated for the following: common stock repurchases; the acquisition of businesses, software products, or technologies complementary to our business; and capital expenditures, including the purchase and implementation of internal-use software applications.
our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. acquisitions often increase the speed at which we can deliver product functionality to our customers; however, they entail cost and integration challenges and, in certain instances, negatively impact our operating margins. we continually review these trade-offs in making decisions regarding acquisitions. we currently anticipate that we will continue to acquire products, technology, and businesses as compelling opportunities become available. our decision to acquire businesses or technology is dependent on our business needs, the availability of suitable sellers and technology, and our own financial condition.
our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances are concentrated in a few locations around the world, with substantial amounts held outside of the u.s. as of january 31, 2015, approximately 81% of our total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are located offshore and will fluctuate subject to business needs. certain amounts held outside the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s. (subject to local law restrictions), but under current u.s. tax law, could be subject to u.s. income taxes less applicable foreign tax credits. we have provided for the u.s. income tax liability on foreign earnings, except for foreign earnings that are considered permanently reinvested outside the u.s. our intent is that amounts related to foreign earnings permanently reinvested outside the u.s. will remain outside the u.s. and we will meet our u.s. liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings, or both. we regularly review our capital structure and consider a variety of potential financing alternatives and planning strategies to ensure we have the proper liquidity available in the locations in which it is needed and to fund our existing stock buyback program with cash that has not been permanently reinvested outside the u.s.
cash from operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to the risks detailed in part i, item 1a titled "risk factors." however, based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe that our existing balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months.
our revenue, earnings, cash flows, receivables, and payables are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, for which we have put in place foreign currency contracts as part of our risk management strategy. see part ii, item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for further discussion.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant financial contractual obligations at january 31, 2015 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods.
(2)   this table generally excludes amounts already recorded on the balance sheet as current liabilities, certain purchase obligations as discussed below, long term deferred revenue, and amounts related to income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, since we cannot predict with reasonable reliability the timing of cash settlements to the respective taxing authorities (see note 4, "income taxes" to the notes to consolidated financial statements).
operating lease obligations consist primarily of obligations for facilities, net of sublease income, computer equipment and other equipment leases.
purchase obligations are contractual obligations for purchase of goods or services and are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding on autodesk and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations relate primarily to enterprise subscription agreements, it infrastructure costs, and marketing costs.
pension obligations relate to our obligations for pension plans outside of the u.s. see note 14, "retirement benefit plans," in our notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these obligations.
purchase orders or contracts for the purchase of supplies and other goods and services are not included in the table above. we are not able to determine the aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations, as purchase orders may represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. our purchase orders are based on our current procurement or development needs and are fulfilled by our vendors within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of supplies or other goods specifying minimum quantities or set prices that exceed our expected requirements for three months. in addition, we have certain software royalty commitments associated with the shipment and licensing of certain products.
we provide indemnifications of varying scopes and certain guarantees, including limited product warranties. historically, costs related to these warranties and indemnifications have not been significant, but because potential future costs are highly variable, we are unable to estimate the maximum potential impact of these guarantees on our future results of operations.
issuer purchases of equity securities autodesk's stock repurchase program is largely to help offset the dilution from the issuance of stock under our employee stock plans and for such other purposes as may be in the interests of autodesk and its stockholders, and has the effect of returning excess cash generated from our business to stockholders. the number of shares acquired and the timing of the purchases are based on several factors, including general market conditions, the volume of employee stock option exercises, stock issuance, the trading price of our common stock, cash on hand and available in the u.s., and company defined trading windows. during the three and twelve months ended january 31, 2015, we repurchased 1.1 million and 6.9 million shares of our common stock, respectively. at january 31, 2015, 14.8 million shares remained available for repurchase under our current repurchase program approved by the board of directors. this program does not have a fixed expiration date. see note 9, "stockholders' equity," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of january 31, 2015, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k.