item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements," our consolidated financial statements and notes that follow and the "consolidated five-year summary of selected financial data" and the "risk factors" included in our annual report on form 10-k. certain reclassifications of prior year amounts have been made to conform to the current presentation. references below to "ameriprise financial," "ameriprise," the "company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to ameriprise financial, inc. exclusively, to our entire family of companies, or to one or more of our subsidiaries.
overview ameriprise financial is a diversified financial services company with a 120 year history of providing financial solutions. we offer a broad range of products and services designed to achieve the financial objectives of individual and institutional clients. we are america's leader in financial planning and a leading global financial institution with more than $806 billion in assets under management and administration as of december 31, 2014.
our wealth management capabilities are centered on the long-term, personal relationships between our clients and our financial advisors and registered representatives (our "advisors"). through our advisors, we offer financial planning, products and services designed to be used as solutions for our clients' cash and liquidity, asset accumulation, income, protection, and estate and wealth transfer needs. our focus on personal relationships, together with our discipline in financial planning and strengths in product development and advice, allow us to address the evolving financial and retirement-related needs of our clients, including our primary target market segment, the mass affluent and affluent, which we define as households with investable assets of more than $100,000. the financial product solutions we offer through our advisors include both our own products and services and the products of other companies. our advisor network is the primary channel through which we offer our affiliated insurance and annuity products and services.
our network of approximately 9,700 advisors is the primary means through which we engage in our wealth management activities. we offer our advisors training, tools, leadership, marketing programs and other field and centralized support to assist them in delivering advice and product solutions. we believe that our nationally recognized brand and practice vision, local marketing support, integrated operating platform and comprehensive set of products and solutions constitute a compelling value proposition for financial advisors, as evidenced by our strong advisor retention rate and our ability to attract and retain experienced and productive advisors. we have and will continue to invest in and develop capabilities and tools designed to maximize advisor productivity and client satisfaction.
we are in a compelling position to capitalize on significant demographic and market trends driving increased demand for financial advice and solutions. in the u.s., the ongoing transition of baby boomers into retirement, as well as recent economic and financial market crises, continues to drive demand for financial advice and solutions. in addition, the amount of investable assets held by mass affluent and affluent households, our target market, has grown and accounts for over half of u.s. investable assets. we believe our differentiated financial planning model, broad range of products and solutions, as well as our demonstrated financial strength throughout the economic downturn of recent past years, will help us capitalize on these trends.
our asset management capabilities are increasingly global in scale, with columbia management investment advisers, llc ("columbia" or "columbia management") as the primary provider of products and services in the u.s. and threadneedle asset management holdings sàrl ("threadneedle") as the primary provider of products and services outside of the u.s. we offer a broad spectrum of investment advice and products to individual, institutional and high-net worth investors. these investment products are primarily provided through third parties, though we also provide our asset management products through our advisor channel. our underlying asset management philosophy is based on delivering consistently strong and competitive investment performance. the quality and breadth of our asset management capabilities are demonstrated by 118 of our mutual funds, including 51 columbia management funds and 67 threadneedle funds, being rated as four- and five-star funds by morningstar.
we are positioned to continue to grow our assets under management and to strengthen our asset management offerings to existing and new clients. our asset management capabilities are well positioned to address mature markets in the u.s. and europe. we also have the capability to leverage existing strengths to effectively expand into new global and emerging markets. in the past few years, we have expanded beyond our traditional strengths in the u.s. and uk to gather assets in continental europe, asia, australia, the middle east and africa. in addition, we continue to pursue opportunities to leverage the collective capabilities of columbia management and threadneedle to enhance our current range of investment solutions, to develop new solutions that are responsive to client demand in an increasingly complex marketplace and to maximize the distribution capabilities of our global business.
•   annuities;
•   ameriprise interest and debt expense was allocated to all segments to more accurately reflect management's assessment of capital allocation.
•   interest accretion income from the intercompany transfer of former bank assets was eliminated for segment reporting resulting in this accretion no longer being allocated to the annuities and protection segments. the corresponding offset is no longer reported in the corporate &amp; other segment.
the reallocations and reclassifications did not result in any changes to our previously reported consolidated net income or shareholders' equity.
our operating segments are aligned with the financial solutions we offer to address our clients' needs. the products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. these factors, in turn, are largely determined by overall investment market performance and the depth and breadth of our individual client relationships.
financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. in addition, the business and regulatory environment in which we operate remains subject to elevated uncertainty and change. to succeed, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives. the success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors."
equity price, credit market and interest rate fluctuations can have a significant impact on our results of operations, primarily due to the effects they have on the asset management and other asset-based fees we earn, the "spread" income generated on our fixed annuities, fixed insurance, deposit products and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts, the value of deferred acquisition costs ("dac") and deferred sales inducement costs ("dsic") assets, the values of liabilities for guaranteed benefits associated with our variable annuities and the values of derivatives held to hedge these benefits.
earnings, as well as operating earnings, will continue to be negatively impacted by the ongoing low interest rate environment. in addition to continuing spread compression in our interest sensitive product lines, a sustained low interest rate environment may result in increases to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize dac and dsic, which may negatively impact our operating earnings. for additional discussion on our interest rate risk, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
in the third quarter of the year, we conduct our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations. to the extent that expectations change as a result of this review, we update valuation assumptions and the impact is reflected as part of our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions and modeling changes ("unlocking"). the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily reflected the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily reflected the impact of assumed interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior. see our consolidated and segment results of operations sections below for the pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking and additional discussion of the drivers of the unlocking impact.
in january 2013, we completed the conversion of our federal savings bank subsidiary, ameriprise bank, fsb, to a limited powers national trust bank, which conversion included changing the name of this subsidiary to ameriprise national trust bank (references herein to "ameriprise bank" pertain to this same subsidiary whether before or after its conversion). in connection with this conversion, deposit-taking and credit-originating activities of ameriprise bank were terminated. in addition, ameriprise financial was deregistered by the federal reserve as a savings and loan holding company and is no longer subject to supervision and regulation as such. we continue to make certain deposit and credit products available to our clients via referral arrangements with respected third party financial institutions. the transition released approximately $375 million of formerly required capital, which we used to repurchase shares of our common stock. the transition reduced our annual earnings by approximately $49 million in 2013. at the enterprise level, the earnings per share impact was neutralized by the end of 2013, as we redeployed the excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases.
we consolidate certain collateralized loan obligations ("clos") and property funds (pooled investment vehicles) for which we provide asset management services. these entities are defined as consolidated investment entities ("cies"). while the consolidation of the cies impacts our balance sheet and income statement, our exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact to the underlying business results. for further information on cies, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. changes in the valuation of the cie assets and liabilities impact pretax income. the net income (loss) of the cies is reflected in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. the results of operations of the cies are reflected in the corporate & other segment. on a consolidated basis, the management fees we earn for the services we provide to the cies and the related general and administrative expenses are eliminated and the changes in the assets and liabilities related to the cies, primarily syndicated loans and debt, are reflected in net investment income. we continue to include the fees from these entities in the management and financial advice fees line within our asset management segment.
while our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), management believes that operating measures, which exclude net realized gains or losses; the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization; the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; integration and restructuring charges; income (loss) from discontinued operations; and the impact of consolidating cies, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. management uses certain of these non-gaap measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. also, certain of these non-gaap measures are taken into consideration, to varying degrees, for purposes of business planning and analysis and for certain compensation-related matters. throughout our management's discussion and analysis, these non-gaap measures are referred to as operating measures.
it is management's priority to increase shareholder value over a multi-year horizon by achieving our on-average, over-time financial targets.
•   operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") of 19% to 23%.
less: market impact on indexed universal life benefits         (11     )               (10     )
add: market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of tax(1)           61                     111                    0.31                    0.53
add: market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of tax(1)                 4                       8                    0.02                    0.04
the following table reconciles the trailing twelve months' sum of net income attributable to ameriprise financial to operating earnings and the five-point average of quarter-end equity to operating equity:
total ameriprise financial, inc. shareholders' equity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   $8,270                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $8,582
total ameriprise financial, inc. shareholders' equity, excluding aoci                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    7,536                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       7,761
less: equity impacts attributable to cies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  311                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         333
operating equity                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $7,225                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      $7,428
return on equity from continuing operations, excluding aoci                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               21.5                                                                                                                                                          %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             17.2                                                                                                                                                          %
operating return on equity, excluding aoci(2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             23.0                                                                                                                                                          %                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             19.7                                                                                                                                                          %
(1) adjustments reflect the trailing twelve months' sum of after-tax net realized gains/losses; the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and related dsic and dac amortization; the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization, and the reinsurance accrual; and integration and restructuring charges. after-tax is calculated using the statutory tax rate of 35%.(2) operating return on equity, excluding aoci, is calculated using the trailing twelve months of earnings excluding the after-tax net realized gains/losses; market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and related dsic and dac amortization; the market impact on indexed universal benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization, and the reinsurance accrual; integration and restructuring charges; and discontinued operations in the numerator, and ameriprise financial shareholders' equity, excluding aoci and the impact of consolidating investment entities using a five-point average of quarter-end equity in the denominator. after-tax is calculated using the statutory rate of 35%.
critical accounting policies the accounting and reporting policies that we use affect our consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting and reporting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition and, in some cases, the application of these policies can be significantly affected by the estimates, judgments and assumptions made by management during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the accounting and reporting policies we have identified as fundamental to a full understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition are described below. see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information about our accounting policies.
valuation of investments the most significant component of our investments is our available-for-sale securities, which we carry at fair value within our consolidated balance sheets. the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at december 31, 2014 was primarily obtained from third-party pricing sources. we record unrealized securities gains (losses) in aoci, net of impacts to dac, dsic, unearned revenue, benefit reserves, reinsurance recoverables and income taxes. we recognize gains and losses on a trade date basis in results of operations upon disposition of the securities.
when the fair value of an investment is less than its amortized cost, we assess whether or not: (i) we have the intent to sell the security (made a decision to sell) or (ii) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before its anticipated recovery. if either of these conditions existed, an other-than-temporary impairment is considered to have occurred and we recognize an other-than-temporary impairment for the difference between the investment's amortized cost and its fair value through earnings. for securities that do not meet the above criteria, and we do not expect to recover a security's amortized cost, the security is also considered other-than-temporarily impaired. for these securities, we separate the total impairment into the credit loss component and the amount of the loss related to other factors. the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to credit loss is recognized in earnings. the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment related to other factors is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of impacts to dac, dsic, unearned revenue, benefit reserves, reinsurance recoverables and income taxes. for available-for-sale securities that have recognized an other-than-temporary impairment through earnings, the difference between the amortized cost and the cash flows expected to be collected is accreted as interest income if through subsequent evaluation there is a sustained increase in the cash flow expected. subsequent increases and decreases in the fair value of available-for-sale securities are included in other comprehensive income.
for all securities that are considered temporarily impaired, we do not intend to sell these securities (has not made a decision to sell) and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. we believe that we will collect all principal and interest due on all investments that have amortized cost in excess of fair value that are considered only temporarily impaired.
factors we consider in determining whether declines in the fair value of fixed maturity securities are other-than-temporary include: (i) the extent to which the market value is below amortized cost; (ii) the duration of time in which there has been a significant decline in value; (iii) fundamental analysis of the liquidity, business prospects and overall financial condition of the issuer; and (iv) market events that could impact credit ratings, economic and business climate, litigation and government actions, and similar external business factors. in order to determine the amount of the credit loss component for corporate debt securities considered other-than-temporarily impaired, a best estimate of the present value of cash flows expected to be collected discounted at the security's effective interest rate is compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. the significant inputs to cash flow projections consider potential debt restructuring terms, projected cash flows available to pay creditors and our position in the debtor's overall capital structure.
for structured investments (e.g., residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities and other structured investments), we also consider factors such as overall deal structure and our position within the structure, quality of underlying collateral, delinquencies and defaults, loss severities, recoveries, prepayments and cumulative loss projections in assessing potential other-than-temporary impairments of these investments. based upon these factors, securities that have indicators of potential other-than-temporary impairment are subject to detailed review by management. securities for which declines are considered temporary continue to be monitored by management until management determines there is no current risk of an other-than-temporary impairment.
deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducement costs we incur costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance and annuity businesses. the portion of these costs which are incremental and direct to the acquisition of a new or renewal insurance policy or annuity contract are deferred. significant costs capitalized include sales based compensation related to the acquisition of new and renewal insurance policies and annuity contracts, medical inspection costs for successful sales, and a portion of employee compensation and benefit costs based upon the amount of time spent on successful sales. sales based compensation paid to advisors and employees and third-party distributors is capitalized. employee compensation and benefits costs which are capitalized relate primarily to sales efforts, underwriting and processing. all other costs which are not incremental direct costs of acquiring an insurance policy or annuity contract are expensed as incurred.
for our annuity and life, disability income ("di") and long term care ("ltc") insurance products, our dac and dsic balances at any reporting date are supported by projections that show management expects there to be adequate premiums or estimated gross profits
after that date to amortize the remaining dac and dsic balances. these projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions about financial markets, anticipated mortality and morbidity levels and contractholder and policyholder behavior over periods extending well into the future. projection periods used for our annuity products are typically 30 to 50 years. projection periods for our life insurance and ltc insurance products are often 50 years or longer and projection periods for our di products can be up to 45 years. management regularly monitors financial market conditions and actual contractholder and policyholder behavior experience and compares them to its assumptions.
for annuity and universal life ("ul") insurance products, the assumptions made in projecting future results and calculating the dac balance and dac amortization expense are management's best estimates. management is required to update these assumptions whenever it appears that, based on actual experience or other evidence, earlier estimates should be revised. when assumptions are changed, the percentage of estimated gross profits used to amortize dac might also change. a change in the required amortization percentage is applied retrospectively; an increase in amortization percentage will result in a decrease in the dac balance and an increase in dac amortization expense, while a decrease in amortization percentage will result in an increase in the dac balance and a decrease in dac amortization expense. the impact on results of operations of changing assumptions can be either positive or negative in any particular period and is reflected in the period in which such changes are made. for products with associated dsic, the same policy applies in calculating the dsic balance and periodic dsic amortization.
for traditional life, di and ltc insurance products, the assumptions made in calculating our dac balance and dac amortization expense are consistent with those used in determining the liabilities. for traditional life and di insurance products, the assumptions provide for adverse deviations in experience and are revised only if management concludes experience will be so adverse that dac are not recoverable. if management concludes that dac are not recoverable, dac are reduced to the amount that is recoverable based on best estimate assumptions and there is a corresponding expense recorded in our consolidated statements of operations. the assumptions for ltc insurance products are management's best estimate from previous loss recognition thus no longer provide for adverse deviations in experience.
for annuity, life, di and ltc insurance products, key assumptions underlying these long-term projections include interest rates (both earning rates on invested assets and rates credited to contractholder and policyholder accounts), equity market performance, mortality and morbidity rates, variable annuity benefit utilization rates and the rates at which contractholders and policyholders are expected to surrender their contracts, make withdrawals from their contracts and make additional deposits to their contracts. assumptions about earned and credited interest rates are the primary factors used to project interest margins, while assumptions about equity and bond market performance are the primary factors used to project client asset value growth rates, and assumptions about surrenders, withdrawals and deposits comprise projected persistency rates. management must also make assumptions to project maintenance expenses associated with servicing our annuity and insurance businesses during the dac amortization period.
the client asset value growth rates are the rates at which variable annuity and variable universal life ("vul") insurance contract values invested in separate accounts are assumed to appreciate in the future. the rates used vary by equity and fixed income investments. management reviews and, where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions with respect to client asset value growth rates on a regular basis. the long-term client asset value growth rates are based on assumed gross annual returns of 9% for equity funds and 6% for fixed income funds. we typically use a five-year mean reversion process as a guideline in setting near-term equity fund growth rates based on a long-term view of financial market performance as well as recent actual performance. the suggested near-term equity fund growth rate is reviewed quarterly to ensure consistency with management's assessment of anticipated equity market performance.
a decrease of 100 basis points in various rate assumptions is likely to result in an increase in dac and dsic amortization and an increase in benefits and claims expense from variable annuity guarantees. the following table presents the estimated impact to current period pretax income:
decrease in future near-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points             $(39                                                                        )
decrease in future long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points             (31                                                                         )
decrease in future near- and long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points   $(70                                                                        )
we monitor other principal dac and dsic amortization assumptions, such as persistency, mortality, morbidity, interest margin, variable annuity benefit utilization and maintenance expense levels each quarter and, when assessed independently, each could impact our dac and dsic balances.
monitoring, management reviews and updates these dac and dsic amortization assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year. an assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results.
policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims fixed annuities and variable annuity guarantees fixed annuities and variable annuity guarantees include amounts for fixed account values on fixed and variable deferred annuities, guaranteed benefits associated with variable annuities, equity indexed annuities ("eia") and fixed annuities in a payout status.
liabilities for fixed account values on fixed and variable deferred annuities are equal to accumulation values, which are the cumulative gross deposits and credited interest less withdrawals and various charges.
the majority of the variable annuity contracts offered by us contain guaranteed minimum death benefit ("gmdb") provisions. when market values of the customer's accounts decline, the death benefit payable on a contract with a gmdb may exceed the contract accumulation value. we also offer variable annuities with death benefit provisions that gross up the amount payable by a certain percentage of contract earnings which are referred to as gain gross-up ("ggu") benefits. in addition, we offer contracts with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit ("gmwb") and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit ("gmab") provisions and, until may 2007, we offered contracts containing guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") provisions.
in determining the liabilities for gmdb, ggu, gmib and the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb, we project these benefits and contract assessments using actuarial models to simulate various equity market scenarios. significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins and are consistent with those used for dac valuation for the same contracts. as with dac, management reviews, and where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions each quarter. unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year. the amounts in the table above in "deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducement costs" include the estimated impact to benefits and claims expense related to variable annuity guarantees resulting from a decrease of 100 basis points in various rate assumptions.
the gmdb and ggu liability is determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g., mortality and expense fees, contractual administrative charges and similar fees).
if elected by the contract owner and after a stipulated waiting period from contract issuance, a gmib guarantees a minimum lifetime annuity based on a specified rate of contract accumulation value growth and predetermined annuity purchase rates. the gmib liability is determined each period by estimating the expected value of annuitization benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value at the date of annuitization and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments.
the liability for the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb provisions is determined by estimating the expected value of benefits that are contingent upon survival after the account value is equal to zero and recognizing the benefits over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g., mortality and expense fees, contractual administrative charges and similar fees).
the fair value of embedded derivatives related to gmab and the non-life contingent benefits associated with gmwb provisions fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding the fair value measurement of embedded derivatives.
liabilities for eia are equal to the host contract values covering guaranteed benefits and the fair value of embedded equity options.
liabilities for fixed annuities in a benefit or payout status are based on future estimated payments using established industry mortality tables and interest rates, ranging from 3.12% to 9.38% at december 31, 2014, depending on year of issue, with an average rate of approximately 4.66%.
life, disability income and long term care insurance life, di and ltc insurance includes liabilities for fixed account values on fixed and variable universal life policies, liabilities for indexed accounts of indexed universal life ("iul") products, liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported claims, estimates of benefits payable on claims incurred but not yet reported and estimates of benefits that will become payable on term life, whole life, di and ltc policies as claims are incurred in the future.
liabilities for fixed account values on fixed and variable universal life insurance are equal to accumulation values. accumulation values are the cumulative gross deposits and credited interest less various contractual expense and mortality charges and less amounts withdrawn by policyholders.
liabilities for indexed accounts of iul products are equal to the accumulation of host contract values covering guaranteed benefits and the fair value of embedded equity options.
a portion of our fixed and variable universal life policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the contract. these profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the contract. the secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges.
in determining the liability for contracts with profits followed by losses, we project benefits and contract assessments using actuarial models. significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency and investment margins and are consistent with those used for dac valuation for the same contracts. as with dac, management reviews, and where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions each quarter. unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year.
the liability for these future losses is determined by estimating the death benefits in excess of account value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g. cost of insurance charges, contractual administrative charges, similar fees and investment margin). see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding the liability for contracts with secondary guarantees.
liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported life insurance claims are equal to the death benefits payable under the policies. liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported di and ltc claims include any periodic or other benefit amounts due and accrued, along with estimates of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. these amounts are calculated based on claim continuance tables which estimate the likelihood an individual will continue to be eligible for benefits. present values are calculated at interest rates established when claims are incurred. anticipated claim continuance rates are based on established industry tables, adjusted as appropriate for our experience. interest rates used with di claims ranged from 3% to 8% at december 31, 2014, with an average rate of 4.5%. interest rates used with ltc claims ranged from 4% to 6% at december 31, 2014, with an average rate of 4%.
liabilities for estimated benefits payable on claims that have been incurred but not yet reported are based on periodic analysis of the actual time lag between when a claim occurs and when it is reported.
liabilities for estimates of benefits that will become payable on future claims on term life, whole life, di and ltc policies are based on the net level premium method, using anticipated premium payments, mortality and morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. anticipated mortality and morbidity rates are based on established industry mortality and morbidity tables, with modifications based on our experience. anticipated premium payments and persistency rates vary by policy form, issue age, policy duration and certain other pricing factors. anticipated interest rates for term and whole life ranged from 3.25% to 10% at december 31, 2014, depending on policy form, issue year and policy duration. anticipated interest rates for di policies ranged from 4% to 7.5% at december 31, 2014, depending on policy form, issue year and policy duration. anticipated interest rates for ltc policy reserves can vary by plan and year and ranged from 6.25% to 9.4% at december 31, 2014.
for term life, whole life, di and ltc polices, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. after the liabilities are initially established, management performs premium deficiency tests annually in the third quarter of each year using best estimate assumptions without provisions for adverse deviation. if the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., gaap reserves net of any dac balance), the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing the dac balance by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a change to current period earnings. if the deficiency is more than the dac balance, then the net reserves are increased by the excess through a charge to current period earnings. if a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions are locked in and used in subsequent valuations.
changes in policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims are reflected in earnings in the period adjustments are made.
where applicable, benefit amounts expected to be recoverable from reinsurance companies who share in the risk are separately recorded as reinsurance recoverable within receivables.
derivative instruments and hedging activities we use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to various market risks. examples include index options, interest rate swaps and swaptions, total return swaps, and futures used as economic hedges of equity, interest rate, credit and foreign currency exchange rate risk related to various products and transactions. all derivatives are recorded at fair value. the fair value of our derivative instruments is determined using either market quotes or valuation models that are based upon the net present value of estimated future cash flows and incorporate current market observable inputs to the extent available.
the accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on its intended use and the resulting hedge designation, if any. we primarily use derivatives as economic hedges that are not designated as accounting hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. we occasionally designate derivatives as (i) hedges of changes in the fair value of assets, liabilities or firm commitments ("fair value hedges"), (ii) hedges of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or
paid related to a recognized asset or liability ("cash flow hedges") or (iii) hedges of foreign currency exposures of net investments in foreign operations ("net investment hedges in foreign operations").
our accounting policy is to not offset fair value amounts recognized for derivatives and collateral arrangements executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting arrangement. changes in fair value are recognized in current period earnings for derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not designated as accounting hedges.
for derivative instruments that qualify as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivatives, as well as changes in the fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments, are recognized on a net basis in current period earnings. the carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted for the change in fair value from the designated hedged risk. if a fair value hedge designation is removed or the hedge is terminated prior to maturity, previous adjustments to the carrying value of the hedged item are recognized into earnings over the remaining life of the hedged item.
for derivative instruments that qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instruments is reported in aoci and reclassified into earnings when the hedged item or transaction impacts earnings. the amount that is reclassified into earnings is presented in the consolidated statements of operations with the hedged instrument or transaction impact. any ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in current period earnings as a component of net investment income. if a hedge designation is removed or a hedge is terminated prior to maturity, the amount previously recorded in aoci is reclassified to earnings over the period that the hedged item impacts earnings. for any hedge relationships that are discontinued because the forecasted transaction is not expected to occur according to the original strategy, any related amounts previously recorded in aoci are recognized in earnings immediately.
income tax accounting income taxes, as reported in our consolidated financial statements, represent the net amount of income taxes that we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing jurisdictions in connection with our operations. we provide for income taxes based on amounts that we believe we will ultimately owe taking into account the recognition and measurement for uncertain tax positions. inherent in the provision for income taxes are estimates and judgments regarding the tax treatment of certain items. in the event that the ultimate tax treatment of items differs from our estimates, we may be required to significantly change the provision for income taxes recorded in our consolidated financial statements.
in connection with the provision for income taxes, our consolidated financial statements reflect certain amounts related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, which result from temporary differences between the assets and liabilities measured for financial statement purposes versus the assets and liabilities measured for tax return purposes.
we are required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of our deferred tax assets that management believes will not be realized. significant judgment is required in determining if a valuation allowance should be established, and the amount of such allowance if required. factors used in making this determination include estimates relating to the performance of the business. consideration is given to, among other things in making this determination, (i) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, (ii) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, (iii) taxable income in prior carryback years, and (iv) tax planning strategies. management may need to identify and implement appropriate planning strategies to ensure our ability to realize our deferred tax assets and reduce the likelihood of the establishment of a valuation allowance with respect to such assets. see note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our valuation allowance.
recent accounting pronouncements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on our future consolidated results of operations and financial condition, see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
sources of revenues and expenses management and financial advice fees management and financial advice fees relate primarily to fees earned from managing mutual funds, separate account and wrap account assets and institutional investments, as well as fees earned from providing financial advice, administrative services (including transfer agent and administration fees earned from providing services to retail mutual funds) and other custodial services. management and financial advice fees also include mortality and expense risk fees that are generally calculated as a percentage of the fair value of assets held in separate accounts.
our management and financial advice fees are generally recognized when earned as the service is provided. a significant portion of our management fees are calculated as a percentage of the fair value of our managed assets. a large majority of our managed assets are valued by third party pricing services vendors based upon observable market data. the selection of our third party pricing service vendors and the reliability of their prices are subject to certain governance procedures, such as exception reporting, subsequent transaction testing, and annual due diligence of our vendors, which includes assessing the vendor's valuation qualifications, control environment, analysis of asset-class specific valuation methodologies and understanding of sources of market observable assumptions.
distribution fees distribution fees primarily include point-of-sale fees (such as mutual fund front-end sales loads) and asset-based fees (such as 12b-1 distribution and shareholder service fees) that are generally based on a contractual percentage of assets and recognized when earned. distribution fees also include amounts received under marketing support arrangements for sales of mutual funds and other companies' products, such as through our wrap accounts, as well as surrender charges on fixed and variable universal life insurance and annuities, which are recognized as revenue when assessed.
net investment income net investment income primarily includes interest income on fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale, mortgage loans, policy and certificate loans, other investments, cash and cash equivalents and investments of cies; the changes in fair value of trading securities, certain derivatives and certain assets and liabilities of cies; the pro rata share of net income or loss on equity method investments; and realized gains and losses on the sale of securities and charges for other-than-temporary impairments of investments related to credit losses. interest income is accrued as earned using the effective interest method, which makes an adjustment of the yield for security premiums and discounts on all performing fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale and commercial mortgage loans so that the related security or loan recognizes a constant rate of return on the outstanding balance throughout its term. realized gains and losses on securities, other than trading securities and equity method investments, are recognized using the specific identification method on a trade date basis.
premiums premiums include premiums on auto and home insurance, traditional life and health (di and ltc) insurance and immediate annuities with a life contingent feature. premiums on auto and home insurance are net of reinsurance premiums and are recognized ratably over the coverage period. premiums on traditional life, health insurance and immediate annuities with a life contingent feature are net of reinsurance ceded and are recognized as revenue when due.
other revenues other revenues primarily include variable annuity guaranteed benefit rider charges and fixed and variable universal life insurance charges, which consist of cost of insurance charges (net of reinsurance premiums and cost of reinsurance for ul insurance products) and administrative and surrender charges. these charges are recognized as revenue when assessed. we also record revenue related to consolidated property funds managed by threadneedle. these revenues primarily represent rental income of managed properties and are recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the lease.
banking and deposit interest expense banking and deposit interest expense primarily includes interest expense related to investment certificates. the changes in fair value of stock market certificate embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging stock market certificates are included within banking and deposit interest expense. prior to the bank conversion, banking and deposit interest expense also included interest expense related to banking deposits.
distribution expenses distribution expenses primarily include compensation paid to our financial advisors, registered representatives, third-party distributors and wholesalers, net of amounts capitalized and amortized as part of dac. the amounts capitalized and amortized are based on actual distribution costs. the majority of these costs, such as advisor and wholesaler compensation, vary directly with the level of sales. distribution expenses also include marketing support and other distribution and administration related payments made to affiliated and unaffiliated distributors of products provided by our affiliates. the majority of these expenses vary with the level of sales, or assets held, by these distributors, and the remainder is fixed. distribution expenses also include wholesaling costs.
interest credited to fixed accounts interest credited to fixed accounts represents amounts earned by contractholders and policyholders on fixed account values associated with fixed and variable universal life and annuity contracts. the changes in fair value of equity indexed annuity and iul embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these products are included within interest credited to fixed accounts.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses consist of amounts paid and changes in liabilities held for anticipated future benefit payments under insurance policies and annuity contracts, along with costs to process and pay such amounts. amounts are net of benefit payments recovered or expected to be recovered under reinsurance contracts. benefits under variable annuity guarantees include the changes in fair value of gmwb and gmab embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these benefits, as well as the changes in fair value of derivatives hedging gmdb provisions. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses also include amortization of dsic.
amortization of dac direct sales commissions and other costs capitalized as dac are amortized over time. for annuity and ul contracts, dac are amortized based on projections of estimated gross profits over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of the business. for other insurance products, dac are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortization periods equal to the premium-paying period. for certain mutual fund products, dac are generally amortized over fixed periods on a straight-line basis adjusted for redemptions. see "deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducement costs" under "critical accounting policies" for further information on dac.
interest and debt expense interest and debt expense primarily includes interest on corporate debt and debt of cies, the impact of interest rate hedging activities and amortization of debt issuance costs.
general and administrative expense general and administrative expense includes compensation, share-based awards and other benefits for employees (other than employees directly related to distribution, including financial advisors), professional and consultant fees, information technology, facilities and equipment, advertising and promotion, legal and regulatory and corporate related expenses.
assets under management and administration assets under management ("aum") include external client assets for which we provide investment management services, such as the assets of the columbia management funds and threadneedle funds, assets of institutional clients and assets of clients in our advisor platform held in wrap accounts as well as assets managed by sub-advisers selected by us. aum also includes certain assets on our consolidated balance sheets for which we provide investment management services and recognize management fees in our asset management segment, such as the assets of the general account and the variable product funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries and cies. these assets do not include assets under advisement, for which we provide model portfolios but do not have full discretionary investment authority. corporate & other aum primarily includes former bank assets that are managed within our corporate & other segment.
assets under administration ("aua") include assets for which we provide administrative services such as client assets invested in other companies' products that we offer outside of our wrap accounts. these assets include those held in clients' brokerage accounts. we generally record revenues received from administered assets as distribution fees. we do not exercise management discretion over these assets and do not earn a management fee. these assets are not reported on our consolidated balance sheets. aua also includes certain assets on our consolidated balance sheets for which we do not provide investment management services and do not recognize management fees, such as investments in non-affiliated funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries. these assets do not include assets under advisement, for which we provide model portfolios but do not have full discretionary investment authority.
total aum increased $24.3 billion, or 4%, to $658.6 billion as of december 31, 2014 compared to $634.3 billion as of december 31, 2013 due to a $21.0 billion increase in advice & wealth management aum driven by wrap account net inflows and market appreciation and a $4.8 billion increase in asset management aum primarily driven by market appreciation, partially offset by retail fund distributions. see our segment results of operations discussion below for additional information on changes in our aum.
banking and deposit interest expense                                   28                      31                  (3   )       (10   )
interest credited to fixed accounts                                   713                     806                 (93   )       (12   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                    1,982                   1,954                  28             1
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                            367                     207                 160            77
overall income from continuing operations before income tax provision increased $577 million, or 29%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $2.0 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the impact of market appreciation, wrap account net inflows, an increase in net income from cies and the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), partially offset by a $109 million decrease from unlocking, asset management retail fund distributions and higher auto and home claim and claim adjustment expense. the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) was an expense of $94 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to an expense of $170 million for the prior year, which included a $17 million benefit associated with unlocking.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                                                        6                                                                          (5                  )
(1) includes a $17 million net benefit related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits for the year ended december 31, 2013.
distribution fees increased $123 million, or 7%, to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.8 billion for the prior year due to higher client assets, as well as increased client activity.
net investment income decreased $148 million, or 8%, to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $96 million decrease in investment income on fixed maturities driven by low interest rates and a $63 million decrease in net investment income of cies, partially offset by a $30 million increase in net realized gains primarily related to calls on fixed income securities.
premiums increased $103 million, or 8%, to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to growth in auto and home premiums driven by continued new policy sales growth, primarily from our affinity relationships with costco and progressive. auto and home policies in force increased 11% compared to the prior year.
other revenues increased $431 million, or 42%, to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.0 billion for the prior year due to a $376 million increase in other revenues of cies and higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date, and higher average fee rates, partially offset by the impact of unlocking. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $29 million negative impact from unlocking compared to an $18 million negative impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues in both periods was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $93 million, or 12%, to $713 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $806 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances and a lower average crediting rate on interest sensitive fixed annuities. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $884 million, or 7%, to $12.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year due to net outflows reflecting elevated surrenders on products sold through third parties where rates have reset lower. the average fixed annuity crediting rate excluding capitalized interest decreased to 3.0% for the
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 3.6% for the prior year reflecting the re-pricing of the five-year guarantee block. see additional discussion on the re-pricing in the annuities segment.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $28 million, or 1%, to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
•   the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $6 million expense from unlocking. the prior year included a $5 million benefit from unlocking, which included a $22 million benefit related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits is discussed below. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflected the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption. the unlocking impact for the prior year reflected the impact of assumed interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior, partially offset by the impact of variable annuity model changes.
•   a $163 million increase in provision for estimated losses related to our auto and home business reflecting the impact of growth in exposures from an 11% increase in policies in force, an increase in catastrophe losses reflecting the growth in exposures and the extremely severe winter and spring weather during 2014, and adverse development in the 2013 and prior accident years auto liability coverage observed during the first quarter of 2014 resulting in a $30 million increase to prior accident year loss reserves. later in 2014, further adverse loss development was observed primarily in the 2014 auto book of business which resulted in a $60 million increase to loss reserves for estimated losses including incurred but not reported claims reserves ("ibnr"). catastrophe losses were $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $42 million for the prior year.
•   a $26 million increase in expense related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date.
•   a $21 million decrease in expenses compared to the prior year from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator (traditional asset allocation) funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer (managed volatility) funds. see additional discussion in the annuities segment.
•   a decrease in expense compared to the prior year due to an $8 million increase in disability income reserves in the second quarter of 2013 related to prior periods.
•   a $404 million decrease in expense compared to the prior year from the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. as the embedded derivative liability on which the nonperformance credit spread is applied increases (decreases), the impact of the nonperformance credit spread is favorable (unfavorable) to expense. in 2014, the favorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was $146 million primarily driven by an increase in the embedded derivative liability. in 2013, the unfavorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was $258 million primarily driven by a decrease in the embedded derivative liability.
•   a $303 million increase in expense from other market impacts on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges in place to offset those risks and the related dsic amortization. this increase was the result of an unfavorable $2.9 billion change in the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits reserves, a favorable $2.6 billion change in the market impact on derivatives hedging the variable annuity guaranteed benefits and an unfavorable $2 million dsic offset. the main market drivers contributing to these changes are summarized below:
•   interest rates were down in 2014 and up in 2013 resulting in an unfavorable change in the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability, partially offset by a favorable change in the related hedge assets.
•   equity market and volatility impacts on the hedge assets resulted in a smaller increase in expense in 2014 compared to 2013. this benefit was partially offset by an unfavorable change in 2014 compared to 2013 from equity market and volatility impacts on the related variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability.
•   other unhedged items, including the difference between the assumed and actual underlying separate account investment performance, fixed income credit exposures, transaction costs and various behavioral items, were a net favorable impact compared to the prior year.
amortization of dac increased $160 million, or 77%, to $367 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $207 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
•   amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2014 included an $8 million expense from unlocking, primarily driven by the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by favorable persistency and mortality experience and a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption. amortization of dac for the prior year included a $79 million benefit from unlocking, which included a $5 million expense related to the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, primarily driven by the impact of assumed interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior.
•   the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization) was a benefit of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to a benefit of $34 million for the prior year.
•   the impact on dac from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was a benefit of $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to a benefit of $26 million for the prior year. equity market returns were favorable in both periods but less favorable in 2014 versus the prior year. bond fund returns were favorable in 2014 and unfavorable in the prior year.
income taxes our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations including income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 21.4% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 25.0% for the prior year. our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations excluding income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 25.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 26.9% for the prior year. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was lower than the statutory rate as a result of tax preferred items including the dividends received deduction and low income housing tax credits, as well as a $17 million benefit in 2014 related to the completion of an irs audit.
in december 2014, we received irs approval for a change in accounting method related to variable annuity hedging. accordingly, we began using the approved method of accounting in the fourth quarter. the change to the approved method increased deferred tax expense and current tax receivables with a corresponding decrease to current tax expense and deferred tax assets of approximately $300 million.
operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss management uses to evaluate segment performance. operating earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap income from continuing operations before income tax provision. we believe the presentation of segment operating earnings as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitating a more meaningful trend analysis. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the presentation of segment results and our definition of operating earnings.
annuities net revenues                        $2,591                  $2,561
segment pretax operating increase (decrease)          annuities             protection                  annuities       protection
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses              5         1                     21                        (4          )
in addition to purchases of affiliated and non-affiliated mutual funds and other securities on a stand-alone basis, clients may purchase mutual funds, among other securities, in connection with investment advisory fee-based "wrap account" programs or services, and pay fees based on a percentage of their assets.
(1) beginning april 1, 2014, net flows reflect all additions and withdrawals to and from the sps wrap account program. for all periods presented prior to april 1, 2014, additions and withdrawals to and from certain non-billable investments of this program were reflected in the market appreciation and other line and purchases and sales of billable investments were reported in the net flows line. nets flows for the sps program are now reported on a consistent basis with our other wrap account programs.(2) advisory wrap account assets represent those assets for which clients receive advisory services and are the primary driver of revenue earned on wrap accounts. clients may hold non-advisory investments in their wrap accounts that do not incur an advisory fee.(3) average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period's ending balance and all months in the current period.
banking and deposit interest expense          28                      31                  (3   )       (10   )
net revenues net revenues exclude net realized gains or losses. net revenues increased $511 million, or 12%, to $4.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $4.3 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting wrap account net inflows and market appreciation. operating net revenue per branded advisor increased to $496,000 for the year ended december 31, 2014, up 13% from $440,000 for the prior year driven by asset growth and client activity. total branded advisors were 9,672 at december 31, 2014 compared to 9,716 at december 31, 2013.
distribution fees increased $118 million, or 6%, to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $2.1 billion for the prior year due to higher client assets, as well as increased client activity.
asset management our asset management segment provides investment advice and investment products to retail, high net worth and institutional clients on a global scale through columbia management and threadneedle. columbia management primarily provides products and services in the u.s. and threadneedle primarily provides products and services internationally. we provide clients with u.s. domestic individual products through unaffiliated third party financial institutions and through our advice & wealth management segment, and we provide institutional products and services through our institutional sales force. international retail products are primarily distributed through third-party financial institutions and unaffiliated financial advisors. individual products include u.s. mutual funds and non-u.s. equivalents, exchange-traded funds and variable product funds underlying insurance and annuity separate accounts. institutional asset management services are designed to meet specific client objectives and may involve a range of products, including those that focus on traditional asset classes, separately managed accounts, individually managed accounts, collateralized loan obligations, hedge funds, collective funds and property funds. collateralized loan obligations, hedge funds and certain private funds are often classified as alternative assets. revenues in this segment are primarily earned as fees based on managed asset balances, which are impacted by market movements, net asset flows, asset allocation and product mix. we may also earn performance fees from certain accounts where investment performance meets or exceeds certain pre-identified targets. our asset management segment also provides intercompany asset management services for ameriprise financial subsidiaries. the fees for such services are reflected within the asset management segment results through intersegment transfer pricing. intersegment expenses for this segment include distribution expenses for services provided by our advice & wealth management, annuities and protection segments.
fee waivers have been provided to the columbia money market funds (the "funds") by columbia management and certain other subsidiaries performing services for the funds for the purpose of reducing the expenses charged to a fund in a given period to maintain or improve a fund's net yield in that period. our subsidiaries may enter into contractual arrangements with the funds identifying the specific fees to be waived and/or expenses to be reimbursed, as well as the time period for which such waivers will apply. in aggregate, we voluntarily waived fees of $10 million and $11 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
domestic equity                                          equal weighted    1 year      61   %      54   %
international equity                                     equal weighted    1 year      50   %      65   %
number of funds with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                      overall      51          54
percent of funds with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                     overall      49   %      55   %
percent of assets with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                    overall      55   %      56   %
mutual fund performance rankings are based on the performance of class z fund shares for columbia management branded mutual funds. only funds with class z shares are included. in instances where a fund's class z shares do not have a full five year track record, performance for an older share class of the same fund, typically class a shares, is utilized for the period before class z shares
equal weighted rankings in top 2 quartiles: counts the number of funds with above median ranking divided by the total number of funds. asset size is not a factor.
asset weighted rankings in top 2 quartiles: sums the total assets of the funds with above median ranking (using class z and appended class z) divided by total assets of all funds. funds with more assets will receive a greater share of the total percentage above or below median.
retail fund rankings in top 2 morningstar quartiles or above index benchmark equity                       equal weighted                                           1 year      61   %      66   %
equal weighted: counts the number of funds with above median ranking (if measured against peer group) or above index performance (if measured against an index) divided by the total number of funds. asset size is not a factor.
asset weighted: sums the assets of the funds with above median ranking (if measured against peer group) or above index performance (if measured against an index) divided by the total sum of assets in the funds. funds with more assets will receive a greater share of the total percentage above or below median or index.
aggregated allocation (managed) funds include funds that invest in other funds of the threadneedle range including those funds that invest in both equity and fixed income.
aggregated threadneedle data includes funds on the threadneedle platform sub-advised by columbia as well as advisors not affiliated with ameriprise financial, inc.
equity                      $278.1                      $275.3                        $2.8                    1      %               $279.4                      $247.3                       $32.1                   13      %
net vp/vit fund flows                      (0.9     )              (0.6     )
institutional beginning assets                           75.6                    72.4
institutional beginning assets                                       96.1                                    87.6
(1) amounts represent british pound to us dollar conversion.
total segment aum increased $4.8 billion, or 1%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 driven by market appreciation, partially offset by a negative impact of foreign currency translation and retail fund distributions. total segment aum net inflows were $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. management expects, consistent with prior patterns of outflows, that outflows of primarily low margin assets directly or indirectly affiliated with threadneedle and columbia management former parent companies will continue for the foreseeable future. the overall impact to segment results is difficult to quantify due to uncertain timing, volume and mix of the outflows.
columbia management managed assets increased $4.5 billion, or 1%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to market appreciation, partially offset by retail fund distributions. total columbia management net inflows were $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. columbia management retail funds decreased $1.7 billion, or 1%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to distributions, partially offset by market appreciation. columbia management retail net inflows of $1.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2014 included $13.4 billion of reinvested dividends, partially offset by $12.3 billion of net new outflows. columbia management retail net new outflows during the year ended december 31, 2014 included $5.1 billion of outflows in the defined contribution/investment only channel, $1.5 billion of outflows from a former parent affiliated distribution relationship, $1.5 billion of outflows in the ria channel and $1.1 billion of outflows from a third party sub-advisor. columbia management institutional aum increased $5.1 billion, or 7%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 due to market appreciation.
columbia management institutional net inflows of $0.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily reflect third party institutional inflows, partially offset by former parent affiliated distribution and former parent influenced mandates. columbia management alternative aum increased $1.1 billion, or 20%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 due to net inflows of $1.0 billion reflecting the launch of three new clos, partially offset by a clo liquidation.
threadneedle managed assets were essentially flat compared to the prior year as market appreciation was offset by a negative impact of foreign currency translation. threadneedle retail funds decreased $4.1 billion, or 8%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to net outflows and the negative impact of foreign currency translation. threadneedle retail net outflows were $2.4 billion reflecting approximately $4.6 billion of outflows from the u.s. equities product where we had a portfolio manager change earlier in the year offset by underlying net inflows. threadneedle institutional aum increased $4.6 billion, or 5%, during the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to net inflows and a market appreciation, partially offset by a negative impact of foreign currency translation. threadneedle institutional net inflows of $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $5.6 billion mandate from a leading uk wealth management firm to manage assets in a strategic managed fund, partially offset by $3.4 billion of outflows from legacy insurance assets.
banking and deposit interest expense                 -                       2                  (2   )        nm total net revenues                               3,320                   3,169                 151             5
amortization of deferred acquisition costs          15                      17                  (2   )       (12   )
our asset management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized gains or losses, increased $97 million, or 14%, to $788 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $691 million for the prior year reflecting higher average assets under management driven by equity market appreciation, partially offset by retail fund distributions and a $30 million gain on the sale of threadneedle's strategic business investment in cofunds in the prior year.
management and financial advice fees increased $148 million, or 6%, to $2.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $2.6 billion for the prior year primarily due to an increase in assets under management. average assets under management increased 7% compared to the prior year primarily driven by equity market appreciation, partially offset by retail fund distributions. see our discussion above on the changes in assets under management.
expenses total expenses increased $54 million, or 2%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year primarily due to a $36 million increase in distribution expenses driven by higher average retail fund assets and an $18 million increase in general and administrative expense primarily driven by the negative impact of foreign exchange rates and investments in the business. the negative impact of foreign exchanges rates on expenses was more than offset by the positive impact to revenues.
annuities our annuities segment provides variable and fixed annuity products of riversource life companies to individual clients. we provide our variable annuity products through our advisors, and our fixed annuity products are distributed through both affiliated and unaffiliated advisors and financial institutions. revenues from our variable annuity products are primarily earned as fees based on underlying account balances, which are impacted by both market movements and net asset flows. revenues from our fixed annuity products are primarily earned as net investment income on assets supporting fixed account balances, with profitability significantly impacted by the spread between net investment income earned and interest credited on the fixed account balances. we also earn net investment income on owned assets supporting reserves for immediate annuities and for certain guaranteed benefits offered with variable annuities and on capital supporting the business. intersegment revenues for this segment reflect fees paid by our asset management segment for marketing support and other services provided in connection with the availability of variable insurance trust funds ("vit funds") under the variable annuity contracts. intersegment expenses for this segment include distribution expenses for services provided by our advice & wealth management segment, as well as expenses for investment management services provided by our asset management segment.
the following table presents the results of operations of our annuities segment on an operating basis:
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                 -             -
interest credited to fixed accounts                      556                     653               (97   )       (15   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses         463                     498               (35   )        (7   )
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               235                     111               124            nm interest and debt expense                                 38                      37                 1             3
our annuities segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized gains or losses and the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), increased $4 million, or 1%, to $633 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $629 million for the prior year primarily due to market appreciation, as well as a benefit from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds, partially offset by the impact of unlocking. the impact of unlocking was a decrease to pretax operating income of $22 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to an increase of $60 million for the prior year.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we added portfolio stabilizer fund options for our in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. during the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately $4.7 billion of account value was moved into these funds,
exceeding expectations. the resulting earnings benefit for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $44 million compared to a benefit of $26 million in the prior year. we anticipate a very minimal benefit to earnings going forward.
riversource variable annuity account balances increased 2% to $77.0 billion at december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows of $1.7 billion.
riversource fixed annuity account balances declined 8% to $12.1 billion at december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year reflecting elevated surrenders on products sold through third parties where crediting rates have reset lower. the change in crediting rates decreased the level of spread compression for the year ended december 31, 2014. all of the five-year guarantee block totaling $4.1 billion has been re-priced as of december 31, 2014.
management and financial advice fees increased $47 million, or 7%, to $756 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $709 million for the prior year due to higher fees on variable annuities driven by higher separate account balances. average variable annuity account balances increased $4.4 billion, or 7%, from the prior year due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows.
distribution fees increased $21 million, or 6%, to $360 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $339 million for the prior year primarily due to higher fees on variable annuities driven by higher separate account balances.
net investment income, which excludes net realized gains or losses, decreased $95 million, or 9%, to $941 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.0 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting a decrease of approximately $39 million from lower invested assets due to fixed annuity net outflows and approximately $63 million from lower interest rates.
other revenues increased $58 million, or 16%, to $425 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $367 million for the prior year due to higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date and higher average fee rates.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) increased $26 million, or 1%, to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to an increase in amortization of dac, partially offset by a decrease in interest credited to fixed accounts and benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses.
distribution expenses increased $19 million, or 5%, to $439 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $420 million for the prior year primarily due to higher variable annuity compensation driven by higher variable annuity contract values.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $97 million, or 15%, to $556 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $653 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances and a lower average crediting rate on interest sensitive fixed annuities. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $884 million, or 7%, to $12.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year due to net outflows reflecting elevated surrenders on products sold through third parties where rates have reset lower. the average fixed annuity crediting rate excluding capitalized interest decreased to 3.0% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 3.6% for the prior year reflecting the re-pricing of the five-year guarantee block.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), decreased $35 million, or 7%, to $463 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $498 million for the prior year primarily due to a $21 million decrease in expense related to the benefit from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds and the impact of unlocking, partially offset by an increase in expense of $26 million related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $5 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the prior year included a $21 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting the impact of variable annuity model changes.
amortization of dac, which excludes the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), increased $124 million to $235 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $111 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking. amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $17 million expense from unlocking primarily driven by the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by favorable persistency and mortality experience and a benefit
from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption. amortization of dac for the prior year included an $81 million benefit from unlocking primarily driven by the impact of assumed interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior.
protection our protection segment offers a variety of products to address the protection and risk management needs of our retail clients including life, di and property casualty insurance. life and di products are primarily provided through our advisors. our property casualty products are sold primarily through affinity relationships. we issue insurance policies through our life insurance and property casualty subsidiaries. the primary sources of revenues for this segment are premiums, fees and charges we receive to assume insurance-related risk. we earn net investment income on owned assets supporting insurance reserves and capital supporting the business. we also receive fees based on the level of assets supporting vul separate account balances. this segment earns intersegment revenues from fees paid by our asset management segment for marketing support and other services provided in connection with the availability of vit funds under the vul contracts. intersegment expenses for this segment include distribution expenses for services provided by our advice & wealth management segment, as well as expenses for investment management services provided by our asset management segment.
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                   -             -
interest credited to fixed accounts                      153                     145                   8             6
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses       1,416                   1,252                 164            13
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               135                     118                  17            14
our protection segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized gains or losses and the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), decreased $90 million, or 27%, to $246 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $336 million for the prior year primarily due to lower auto and home earnings reflecting higher incurred losses, as well as the impact of unlocking.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized gains or losses and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, increased $101 million, or 5%, to $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $2.2 billion for the prior year primarily due to growth in auto and home premiums partially offset by the impact of unlocking.
premiums increased $104 million, or 9%, to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.2 billion for the prior year primarily due to growth in auto and home premiums driven by continued new policy sales growth, primarily from our affinity relationships with costco and progressive. auto and home policies in force increased 11% compared to the prior year.
other revenues decreased $13 million, or 3%, to $397 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $410 million for the prior year primarily due to a $29 million unfavorable impact from unlocking for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to an $18 million unfavorable impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues in both periods was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization), increased $191 million, or 10%, to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to higher benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses related to our auto and home business.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges), increased $164 million, or 13%, to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.3 billion for the prior year due to a $163 million increase in provision for estimated losses related to our auto and home business reflecting the impact of growth in exposures from an 11% increase in policies in force, an increase in catastrophe losses reflecting the growth in exposures and the extremely severe winter and spring weather during 2014, and adverse development in the 2013 and prior accident years auto liability coverage observed during the first quarter of 2014 resulting in a $30 million increase to prior accident year loss reserves. later in 2014, further adverse loss development was observed primarily in the 2014 auto book of business which resulted in a $60 million increase to loss reserves for estimated losses including ibnr. catastrophe losses were $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $42 million for the prior year. the 2015 accident year non-catastrophe auto loss development is expected to trend approximately level with the 2014 accident year loss experience.
corporate & other our corporate & other segment consists of net investment income or loss on corporate level assets, including excess capital held in our subsidiaries and other unallocated equity and other revenues as well as unallocated corporate expenses. the corporate & other segment also includes revenues and expenses of cies, which are excluded on an operating basis.
banking and deposit interest expense           -                       -                 -             -
our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss excludes net realized gains or losses and the impact of consolidating cies. our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss was $230 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $229 million for the prior year. net investment income (loss) was a loss of $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to income of $8 million for the prior year due to a $13 million increase in losses associated with affordable housing partnerships. interest and debt expense decreased $12 million, or 36%, to $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $33 million for the prior year primarily due to $19 million in costs in 2013 related to the early redemption of our senior notes due 2015, partially offset by expenses in 2014 related to the early redemption of our senior notes due 2039. general and administrative expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a provision for potential resolution of a regulatory matter regarding certain historical events and processes at one of our ongoing lines of business, which was partially offset by lower investment spending compared to the prior year.
banking and deposit interest expense                                      31                      42                 (11   )       (26   )
interest credited to fixed accounts                                      806                     831                 (25   )        (3   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                       1,954                   1,899                  55             3
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                               207                     286                 (79   )       (28   )
overall income from continuing operations before income tax provision increased $732 million, or 59%, to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.2 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the impact from unlocking, the impact of market appreciation and wrap account net inflows, the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), an increase in net income from cies, a $30 million gain on the sale of threadneedle's strategic business investment in cofunds in the second quarter of 2013 and a $24 million benefit from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in-force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds, partially offset by the negative impact from spread compression in our interest sensitive product lines and asset management net outflows. the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) was an expense of $170 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, which included a $17 million benefit associated with unlocking. this compares to an expense of $265 million for the prior year, which included a $14 million expense associated with unlocking. the negative impact on earnings from spread compression in our interest sensitive product lines was approximately $136 million pretax for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                                                                         (5                        )                                                                        (28                        )
interest credited to fixed accounts                                                                                       -                                                                                                   2
(1) includes a $17 million net benefit and a $14 million net expense related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the impact of unlocking for the year ended december 31, 2012 included a $41 million benefit, net of dac and dsic amortization, from an adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods.
distribution fees increased $155 million, or 10%, to $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.6 billion for the prior year due to higher client assets and increased client activity.
net investment income decreased $44 million, or 2%, to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year reflecting a $193 million decrease in investment income on fixed maturity securities, partially offset by a $30 million gain on the sale of threadneedle's investment in cofunds in the second quarter of 2013 and a $110 million increase in net investment income of cies. the decrease in investment income on fixed maturity securities was primarily due to low interest rates and approximately $126 million of lower investment income due to the sale of ameriprise bank's investment portfolio as a result of the transition of banking operations.
other revenues increased $240 million, or 30%, to $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $795 million for the prior year due to the impact of unlocking, higher fees from variable annuity guarantees, and a $189 million increase in other revenues of cies. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2013 included an $18 million negative impact from unlocking compared to a $41 million negative impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues in both years was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience. other revenues for the prior year included $17 million of revenue from former banking operations.
expenses total expenses increased $250 million, or 3%, to $9.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $9.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to increases in distribution expenses and benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, partially offset by decreases in amortization of dac and general and administrative expense.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $25 million, or 3%, to $806 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $831 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances. average fixed annuities contract accumulation values decreased $508 million, or 4%, to $13.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year due to net outflows.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $55 million, or 3%, to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
•   the year ended december 31, 2013 included a $5 million benefit from unlocking, which included a $22 million benefit related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, and the prior year included a $28 million benefit, which included an $18 million expense related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits is discussed below. the impact from unlocking for the year ended december 31, 2013 reflected expected higher interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior, partially offset by the impact of variable annuity model changes. the impact from unlocking for the prior year primarily reflected a $50 million benefit from an adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods, partially offset by lower bond fund returns related to the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb.
•   an increase in expenses of approximately $40 million related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from prior year sales with variable annuity guarantees.
•   an $8 million increase in disability income reserves in the second quarter of 2013 related to prior periods and a $9 million benefit from a life insurance reserve release in the prior year.
•   a $29 million decrease in expenses from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in-force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds. see additional discussion in the annuities segment.
•   a $141 million increase in expense compared to the prior year from the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on variable annuity guaranteed benefits.
•   a $271 million decrease in expense from other market impacts on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges in place to offset those risks and the related dsic amortization. this decrease was the result of a favorable $916 million change in the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits reserves, partially offset by an unfavorable $635 million change in the market impact on derivatives hedging the variable annuity guaranteed benefits and an unfavorable $10 million dsic offset. the main market drivers contributing to these changes are summarized below:
•   interest rates were up in 2013 and down in 2012 resulting in a favorable change in the variable annuity guaranteed benefits liability, partially offset by an unfavorable change in the related hedge assets.
•   equity market and volatility impacts on the hedge assets resulted in lower expenses in 2013 compared to 2012. this benefit was partially offset by higher expenses in 2013 compared to 2012 due to equity market and volatility impacts on the corresponding variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability.
•   other unhedged items including the difference between the assumed and actual underlying separate account investment performance, fixed income credit exposures, transaction costs and various behavioral items were a net unfavorable impact compared to the prior year.
amortization of dac decreased $79 million, or 28%, to $207 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $286 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
•   the year ended december 31, 2013 included a $79 million benefit from unlocking, which included a $5 million expense related to the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), primarily driven by the impact of expected higher interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior. the prior year included a $23 million expense from unlocking, which included a $4 million benefit related to the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), primarily reflecting spread compression and lower bond fund growth rates, partially offset by a benefit from improved persistency and lowered mortality assumption. the impact of unlocking for the prior year included a $9 million expense for the dac offset to the adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods.
•   the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization) was a benefit of $34 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a benefit of $69 million in the prior year.
general and administrative expense decreased $40 million, or 1%, to $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $3.1 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $53 million decrease in integration and restructuring charges, $34 million in lower expenses associated with the completion of the brokerage platform conversion, $62 million of lower bank-related expenses and lower expenses from re-engineering efforts, partially offset by a $29 million increase in expenses of cies, higher compensation related accruals and higher expenses from investments in the business. general and administrative expense for the prior year included a $15 million benefit from a settlement with a third-party service provider.
income taxes our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations including income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 25.0% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 27.1% for the prior year. our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations excluding income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 26.9% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 24.5% for the prior year. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 was lower than the statutory rate as a result of tax preferred items including the dividends received deduction, foreign tax credits and low income housing tax credits.
operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss management uses to evaluate segment performance. operating earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap income from continuing operations before income tax provision. we believe the presentation of segment operating earnings as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitating a more meaningful trend analysis. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the presentation of segment results and our definition of operating earnings.
annuities net revenues                        $2,561                  $2,519
segment pretax operating increase (decrease)          annuities             protection            annuities             protection
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses             21             (4          )         (32         )         (14         )
interest credited to fixed accounts                   -                     -                             2             -
the operating impact of unlocking for 2012 included a $43 million benefit, net of dac and dsic amortization, from an adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods.
wrap account assets increased $28.9 billion, or 23%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 due to net inflows of $13.1 billion and market appreciation and other of $15.8 billion. wrap account net inflows increased $3.5 billion, or 36%, compared to the prior year reflecting higher advisor productivity, experienced advisor recruiting and investor confidence. average advisory wrap account assets increased $23.2 billion, or 20%, compared to the prior year due to net inflows and market appreciation.
banking and deposit interest expense          31                      40                  (9   )       (23   )
our advice & wealth management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized gains or losses, increased $158 million, or 36%, to $592 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $434 million for the prior year primarily due to strong growth in wrap account assets, increased client activity and expense management, partially offset by the impact of low interest rates and lower earnings due to the transition of banking operations in the fourth quarter of 2012. the negative impact of lower spreads on cash sweep accounts and certificates was approximately $57 million compared to the prior year. pretax operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2012 included $49 million of earnings from former banking operations. pretax operating margin was 13.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 11.2% for the prior year.
net revenues net revenues exclude net realized gains or losses. net revenues increased $422 million, or 11%, to $4.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $3.9 billion for the prior year reflecting retail client net inflows, market appreciation and increased client activity, partially offset by lower net revenues due to the transition of banking operations in the fourth quarter of 2012 and the negative impact of low interest rates. net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2012 included $111 million from former banking operations. advice & wealth management delivered strong growth in assets and revenues through the combination of improved advisor productivity and experienced advisor recruiting. operating net revenue per branded advisor was $440,000 for the year ended december 31, 2013, up 11% from the prior year driven by the combination of asset growth and strong client activity.
distribution fees increased $216 million, or 11%, to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to higher client assets and increased client activity.
net investment income, which excludes net realized gains or losses, decreased $106 million, or 45%, to $127 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $233 million for the prior year due to $103 million of lower net investment income due to the transition of banking operations in the fourth quarter of 2012, as well as a lower asset earnings rate on invested assets, partially offset by higher average certificate investment balances.
expenses total expenses increased $264 million, or 8%, to $3.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $3.4 billion for the prior year due to a $320 million increase in distribution expenses driven by higher advisor compensation due to strong growth in client assets, partially offset by a $53 million decrease in general and administrative expense due to $62 million of lower expenses from the transition of banking operations in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $34 million of lower expenses associated with the completion of the brokerage platform conversion, partially offset by higher performance-driven compensation accruals.
asset management in aggregate, we voluntarily waived fees of $11 million for both the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012. see our discussion on fee waivers within our asset management results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014.
equity                      $275.3                      $224.1                       $51.2                   23      %               $247.3                      $220.5                       $26.8                   12      %
net vp/vit fund flows                                                              (0.6                         )                                                                             -
institutional beginning assets                                                                   72.4                                                                                                    73.3
institutional beginning assets                                                                                       87.6                                                                                                                                    80.6
(1) amounts represent british pound to us dollar conversion.(2) retail fund outflows in q2 2012 included $1.2 billion due to a change in subadvisory relationship between threadneedle and columbia. these outflows are eliminated at the segment level.
columbia management managed assets increased $26.3 billion, or 8%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows and retail fund distributions. total columbia management net outflows were $8.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. columbia management retail funds increased $23.1 billion, or 11%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows and distributions. columbia management retail net outflows of $3.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2013 included outflows from a large distribution partner that continued to re-balance asset concentrations, continued outflows from a third party sub-advisor and outflows associated with a share class change in the ria channel. columbia management retail net outflows during the year ended december 31, 2013 included $9.9 billion of reinvested dividends, which was driven by market appreciation last year and the related gains in certain portfolios. columbia management institutional aum increased $3.2 billion, or 4%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 due to
market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows. columbia management institutional net outflows of $4.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily reflected outflows in former parent influenced mandates and former parent affiliated distribution, some of which was low basis point assets, as well as first quarter outflows in investment grade and high yield credit mandates given strong performance in these asset classes, partially offset by new mandates funded in 2013.
threadneedle managed assets increased $19.6 billion, or 15%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to market appreciation, as well as net inflows and a positive impact of foreign currency translation. threadneedle retail funds increased $11.5 billion, or 29%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 due to net inflows of $4.6 billion, market appreciation of $5.6 billion and a $1.1 billion positive impact of foreign currency translation. threadneedle retail fund net inflows for the year ended december 31, 2013 were driven by recovering consumer confidence and good sales in key areas such as europe. threadneedle institutional aum increased $8.5 billion, or 10%, during the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to market appreciation of $6.7 billion and a $1.6 billion positive impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by net outflows. threadneedle institutional net outflows of $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily reflected $3.7 billion of outflows from legacy insurance assets, partially offset by funding of new mandates and additional flows into existing funds.
banking and deposit interest expense                 2                       2                   -             -
amortization of deferred acquisition costs          17                      16                   1             6
our asset management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized gains or losses and integration and restructuring charges, increased $156 million, or 29%, to $691 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $535 million for the prior year reflecting equity market appreciation, a $30 million gain on the sale of threadneedle's strategic business investment in cofunds, a $19 million benefit from a clo unwind, continued revenue enhancements related to various pricing adjustments and expense re-engineering, partially offset by the impact of net outflows and retail fund distributions.
management and financial advice fees increased $223 million, or 9%, to $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $2.4 billion for the prior year due to an increase in assets under management, as well as a shift to higher fee retail assets at threadneedle, revenue enhancements related to various pricing adjustments and $17 million of performance based incentive fees on a clo unwind. average assets under management increased 4% compared to the prior year driven by equity market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows and retail fund distributions. see our discussion above on the changes in assets under management.
expenses total expenses, which exclude integration and restructuring charges, increased $122 million, or 5%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $2.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to an $83 million increase in distribution expenses driven by higher average retail fund assets and a $36 million increase in general and administrative expense driven by higher performance-based compensation, including $8 million of higher compensation related to a clo unwind, and investments in the business, partially offset by re-engineering benefits.
annuities the following table presents the results of operations of our annuities segment on an operating basis:
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                   -             -
interest credited to fixed accounts                      653                     688                 (35   )        (5   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses         498                     419                  79            19
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               111                     229                (118   )       (52   )
our annuities segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized gains or losses and the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), increased $99 million, or 19%, to $629 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $530 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, which was an increase to pretax operating income of $60 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a decrease of $11 million for the prior year.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we added portfolio stabilizer fund options for our in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. these additional investment options resulted in sizable asset movement into the portfolio stabilizer funds. the resulting earnings benefit in the fourth quarter of 2013 was $26 million.
riversource variable annuity account balances increased 11% to $75.5 billion at december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows. variable annuity net outflows of $757 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 reflected the closed book of annuities previously sold through third parties, partially offset by $245 million of net inflows in the ameriprise channel.
riversource fixed annuity account balances declined 4% to $13.3 billion at december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year due to ongoing net outflows resulting from low client demand given the interest rate environment.
management and financial advice fees increased $61 million, or 9%, to $709 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $648 million for the prior year due to higher fees on variable annuities driven by higher separate account balances. average variable annuities contract accumulation values increased $5.7 billion, or 9%, from the prior year due to market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows.
distribution fees increased $22 million, or 7%, to $339 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $317 million for the prior year primarily due to higher fees on variable annuities driven by higher separate account balances.
premiums decreased $8 million, or 7%, to $110 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $118 million for the prior year due to lower sales of immediate annuities with life contingencies.
other revenues increased $58 million, or 19%, to $367 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $309 million for the prior year due to higher fees from variable annuity guarantees driven by higher volumes due to prior year sales with a first fee collected on the anniversary date, as well as higher fee rates.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) decreased $57 million, or 3%, to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $2.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking.
distribution expenses increased $39 million, or 10%, to $420 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $381 million for the prior year primarily due to higher variable annuity compensation driven by higher variable annuity contract values due to market appreciation.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $35 million, or 5%, to $653 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $688 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances. average fixed annuities contract accumulation values decreased $508 million, or 4%, to $13.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the prior year due to net outflows.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), increased $79 million, or 19%, to $498 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $419 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking and an increase in expenses of approximately $40 million related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from prior year sales with variable annuity guarantees, partially offset by a $31 million benefit from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in-force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 included a $21 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting the impact of variable annuity model changes. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the prior year included a $32 million benefit from unlocking primarily reflecting a $53 million benefit from an adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods, partially offset by lower bond fund returns related to the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb.
amortization of dac, which excludes the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization), decreased $118 million, or 52%, to $111 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $229 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking. amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2013 included an $81 million benefit from unlocking primarily driven by the impact of expected higher interest rates and changes in assumed policyholder behavior. amortization of dac for the prior year included a $41 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting spread compression and lower bond fund growth rates, partially offset by a benefit from improved persistency and lowered mortality assumption. the impact of unlocking for 2012 included a $10 million expense for the dac offset to the adjustment to the model which values the reserves related to living benefit guarantees primarily attributable to prior periods.
general and administrative expense decreased $25 million, or 11%, to $213 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $238 million for the prior year primarily due to decreases in investment spending, advertising costs, service delivery charges and professional services fees. in addition, we recognized a net $6 million charge in the prior year for estimated future assessments from state insurance guaranty funds, primarily associated with the liquidation of executive life insurance company of new york.
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       1                  (1   )         -
interest credited to fixed accounts                      145                     143                   2             1
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses       1,252                   1,146                 106             9
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               118                     110                   8             7
our protection segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized gains or losses and the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), decreased $37 million, or 10%, to $336 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $373 million for the prior year reflecting lower auto and home earnings.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized gains or losses and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, increased $99 million, or 5%, to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $2.1 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking and growth in auto and home premiums, as well as an increase in net investment income.
net investment income, which excludes net realized gains or losses, increased $10 million, or 2%, to $439 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $429 million for the prior year due to an increase in investment income on fixed maturities driven by higher average invested assets for life and health.
premiums increased $67 million, or 6%, to $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.1 billion for the prior year primarily due to growth in auto and home premiums driven by new policy sales growth across market segments, primarily from our affinity relationships with costco and progressive. auto and home policy counts increased 11% year-over-year.
other revenues increased $18 million, or 5%, to $410 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $392 million for the prior year primarily due to an $18 million unfavorable impact from unlocking for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a $41 million unfavorable impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues in both periods was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization), increased $136 million, or 8%, to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.7 billion for the prior year primarily due to an increase in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges), increased $106 million, or 9%, to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.1 billion for the prior year due to
the impact of unlocking, higher expenses related to our auto and home business, an $8 million increase in disability income reserves in the second quarter of 2013 related to prior periods and a $9 million benefit from a life insurance reserve release in the prior year. the increase in expenses related to our auto and home business was driven by higher claim and claim adjustment expense reflecting the impact of growth in exposures due to a 29% increase in gross new policies and higher loss cost trends, partially offset by lower catastrophe losses. auto and home catastrophe losses were $42 million in 2013 compared to $51 million in the prior year, including $20 million from superstorm sandy. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 included a $4 million benefit from unlocking compared to a $14 million benefit in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact in both periods was favorable mortality experience.
amortization of dac increased $8 million, or 7%, to $118 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $110 million for the prior year due to the impact of unlocking. the impact of unlocking was a $3 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to a $14 million benefit in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact in both periods was a lower mortality assumption.
banking and deposit interest expense           -                      (1     )             1            nm total net revenues                            15                      26                 (11   )       (42    )
our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss excludes net realized gains or losses, the impact of consolidating cies and restructuring charges. our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss was $229 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $177 million for the prior year. corporate & other segment results reflected $26 million of higher interest and debt expense compared to the prior year due to $19 million in costs related to the early retirement of $350 million of our senior notes due 2015, as well as higher interest expense due to the issuance of debt in 2013. general and administrative expense for the prior year included a $15 million benefit from a settlement with a third-party service provider.
fair value measurements we report certain assets and liabilities at fair value; specifically, separate account assets, derivatives, embedded derivatives, properties held by our consolidated property funds, and most investments and cash equivalents. fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions and is not the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. we include actual market prices, or observable inputs, in our fair value measurements to the extent available. broker quotes are obtained when quotes from pricing services are not available. we validate prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as: price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our fair value measurements.
fair value of liabilities and nonperformance risk companies are required to measure the fair value of liabilities at the price that would be received to transfer the liability to a market participant (an exit price). since there is not a market for our obligations of our variable annuity riders and indexed universal life insurance, we consider the assumptions participants in a hypothetical market would make to reflect an exit price. as a result, we adjust the valuation of variable annuity riders and indexed universal life insurance by updating certain contractholder assumptions, adding explicit margins to provide for profit, risk and expenses, and adjusting the rates used to discount expected cash flows to reflect a current market estimate of our nonperformance risk. the nonperformance risk adjustment is based on broker quotes for credit default swaps that are adjusted to estimate the risk of our life insurance company subsidiaries not fulfilling these liabilities. consistent with general market conditions, this estimate resulted in a spread over the libor swap curve as of december 31, 2014. as our estimate of this spread widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. if this nonperformance credit spread moves to a zero spread over the libor swap curve, the reduction to net income would be approximately $157 million, net of dac, dsic and unearned revenue amortization, the reinsurance accrual and income taxes (calculated at the statutory tax rate of 35%), based on december 31, 2014 credit spreads.
liquidity and capital resources overview we maintained substantial liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2014. at both december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had $2.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents. we have additional liquidity available through an unsecured revolving credit facility for up to $500 million that expires in september 2018. under the terms of the underlying credit agreement, we can increase this facility to $750 million upon satisfaction of certain approval requirements. available borrowings under this facility are reduced by any outstanding letters of credit. at december 31, 2014 we had no outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and had $1 million of outstanding letters of credit. our junior subordinated notes due 2066 and credit facility contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we were in compliance with all such covenants at december 31, 2014.
we enter into short-term borrowings, which may include repurchase agreements and federal home loan bank ("fhlb") advances, to reduce reinvestment risk. short-term borrowings allow us to receive cash to reinvest in longer-duration assets, while paying back the short-term debt with cash flows generated by the fixed income portfolio. the balance of repurchase agreements at both december 31, 2014 and 2013 was $50 million, which is collateralized with agency residential mortgage backed securities and commercial mortgage backed securities from our investment portfolio. our subsidiary, riversource life insurance company ("riversource life"), is a member of the fhlb of des moines, which provides access to collateralized borrowings. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had borrowings of $150 million and $450 million, respectively, from the fhlb, which is collateralized with commercial mortgage backed securities. we believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances and our availability of revolver borrowings will be sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs.
dividends from subsidiaries ameriprise financial is primarily a parent holding company for the operations carried out by our wholly owned subsidiaries. because of our holding company structure, our ability to meet our cash requirements, including the payment of dividends on our common stock, substantially depends upon the receipt of dividends or return of capital from our subsidiaries, particularly our life insurance subsidiary, riversource life, our face-amount certificate subsidiary, ameriprise certificate company ("acc"), ampf holding corporation, which is the parent company of our retail introducing broker-dealer subsidiary, ameriprise financial services, inc. ("afsi") and our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, american enterprise investment services, inc. ("aeis"), our auto and home insurance subsidiary, ids property casualty insurance company ("ids property casualty"), doing business as ameriprise auto & home insurance, our transfer agent subsidiary, columbia management investment services corp., our investment advisory company, columbia management investment advisers, llc, and threadneedle. the payment of dividends by many of our subsidiaries is restricted and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements.
actual capital and regulatory capital requirements for our wholly owned subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital requirements were as follows:
actual capital                      regulatory capital requirements december 31,                                         december 31,
(1) actual capital is determined on a statutory basis.
(2) regulatory capital requirement is based on the statutory risk-based capital filing.
(3) regulatory capital requirement is based on the applicable regulatory requirement, calculated as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
(4) actual capital is determined on an adjusted gaap basis.
(5) acc is required to hold capital in compliance with the minnesota department of commerce and sec capital requirements.
(6) actual capital and regulatory capital requirements are determined in accordance with u.k. regulatory legislation. the regulatory capital requirements at december 31, 2014 represent calculations at september 30, 2014 of the rule based requirements, as specified by fca regulations.
(7) ameriprise national trust bank is required to maintain capital in compliance with the office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ")regulations and policies.
in addition to the particular regulations restricting dividend payments and establishing subsidiary capitalization requirements, we take into account the overall health of the business, capital levels and risk management considerations in determining a dividend strategy for payments to our company from our subsidiaries, and in deciding to use cash to make capital contributions to our subsidiaries.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of $1.9 billion (including $900 million from riversource life) and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of $31 million. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of $1.6 billion (including $800 million from riversource life) and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of $106 million.
the following table presents the dividends that could have been paid within the limitations of the applicable regulatory authorities for each of the years ended december 31. dividends in excess of these amounts required advance notice to the applicable regulatory authorities as further described in the footnotes to the table.
total dividend capacity                                  $2,429              $1,859              $1,224
(1) riversource life dividends in excess of statutory unassigned funds require advance notice to the minnesota department of commerce, riversource life's primary regulator, and are subject to potential disapproval. in addition, dividends whose fair market value, together with that of other dividends or distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceeds the greater of (1) the previous year's statutory net gain from operations or (2) 10% of the previous year-end statutory capital and surplus are referred to as "extraordinary dividends." extraordinary dividends also require advance notice to the minnesota department of commerce, and are subject to potential disapproval. for dividends exceeding these thresholds, riversource life provided notice to the minnesota department of commerce and received responses indicating that it did not object to the payment of these dividends.
(2) the dividend capacity for acc is based on capital held in excess of regulatory requirements.
(3) the dividend capacity for ids property casualty is based on the lesser of (1) 10% of the previous year-end capital and surplus or (2) the greater of (a) net income (excluding realized gains) of the previous year or (b) the aggregate net income of the previous three years excluding realized gains less any dividends paid within the first two years of the three-year period. dividends that, together with the amount of other distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceed this statutory limitation are referred to as "extraordinary dividends" and require advance notice to the office of the commissioner of insurance of the state of wisconsin, the primary state regulator of ids property casualty, and are subject to potential disapproval.
the following table presents the cash dividends paid or return of capital to the parent holding company, net of cash capital contributions made by the parent holding company for the following subsidiaries for the years ended december 31:
ameriprise advisor capital, llc                             (31   )             (37   )             (50   )
(1) in january 2013, we completed the conversion of our federal savings bank subsidiary, ameriprise bank, fsb, to a limited powers national trust bank. in connection with the discontinuance of the ameriprise bank's deposit-taking and lending activities and its conversion to a limited powers
trust bank, we applied for and received approval from the occ and the federal reserve system for the bank to pay to the parent holding company a dividend of $250 million, which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2012. ameriprise bank paid an additional $130 million dividend in january 2013 upon final approval to convert ameriprise bank, fsb to ameriprise national trust bank.
(3) during the year ended december 31, 2014, the parent holding company made a non-cash contribution of $51 million to ids property casualty consisting of securities. in 2015, the parent holding company made cash contributions of $175 million to ids property casualty.
in october 2012, our board of directors authorized an expenditure of up to $2.0 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock through 2014. in april 2014, our board of directors authorized an expenditure of up to an additional $2.5 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock through april 28, 2016. as of december 31, 2014, the company had $1.8 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorization. we intend to fund share repurchases through existing working capital, future earnings and other customary financing methods. the share repurchase programs do not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares, and depending on market conditions and other factors, these purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice. acquisitions under the share repurchase programs may be made in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or block trades or other means. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased a total of 11.8 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $116.69 per share.
cash flows cash flows of cies are reflected in our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. cash held by cies is not available for general use by ameriprise financial, nor is ameriprise financial cash available for general use by its cies. as such, the operating, investing and financing cash flows of the cies have no impact to the change in cash and cash equivalents.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $1.0 billion to $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to an $861 million increase in cash flows related to investment properties of cies due to lower purchases and higher sales of investment properties and an increase in cash from changes in our freestanding derivatives and related collateral, as well as an increase in fee revenue partially offset by related expenses and a $187 million increase in income taxes paid, net.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $141 million to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $1.5 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting higher income taxes paid and cash flow changes related to cies. in addition, cash activity related to our freestanding derivatives and related collateral resulted in an increase in cash compared to the prior year. income taxes paid, net increased $174 million compared to the prior year primarily due to higher income, as well as lower tax refunds attributable to prior years. cash outflows related to investment properties of cies increased $447 million compared to the prior year primarily due to higher purchases of investment properties, which was partially offset by a $283 million increase in cash related to changes in cash held by cies compared to the prior year.
investing activities our investing activities primarily relate to our available-for-sale investment portfolio. further, this activity is significantly affected by the net flows of our investment certificate, fixed annuity and universal life products reflected in financing activities.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $87 million to $715 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $802 million for the prior year primarily due to a $1.7 billion decrease in cash used for purchases of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by a $560 million decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities, sinking fund payments and calls of available-for-sale securities, a $587 million decrease in proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of investments by consolidated investment entities and a $121 million increase in purchases of investments by consolidated investment entities.
net cash used in investing activities was $802 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $4.4 billion for the prior year. the decrease in cash of $5.2 billion compared to the prior year was primarily due to an $823 million increase in purchases of available-for-sale securities, a $3.3 billion decrease in proceeds from sales and maturities, sinking fund payments and calls of available-for-sale securities and a $1.5 billion increase in purchases of investments by consolidated investment entities, partially offset by a $288 million increase in proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of investments by consolidated investment entities.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities increased $1.4 billion to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $306 million for the prior year. cash outflows from policyholder account balances increased $662 million compared to the prior year primarily due to higher surrenders and other benefits. cash outflows related to investment certificates increased $248 million compared to the prior year due to higher maturities, withdrawals and cash surrenders partially offset by higher proceeds from additions. cash outflows from changes in short-term borrowings increased $299 million compared to the prior year as we reduced our borrowings from the fhlb during the year ended december 31, 2014.
net cash used in financing activities decreased $6.0 billion to $306 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $6.3 billion for the prior year. cash flows for the prior year included a $4.6 billion decrease from the net change in other banking deposits reflecting the liquidation of banking deposits related to the ameriprise bank transition. cash proceeds from issuance of debt, net of issuance costs, was $744 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to nil in the prior year. these increases in cash were offset by $350 million of cash used to redeem senior notes due november 2015. cash outflows for dividends paid to shareholders increased $96 million compared to the prior year. cash used for the repurchase of common stock, which includes stock repurchases and shares surrendered to cover income tax obligations of holders of share-based compensation awards, increased $202 million compared to the prior year. cash flows related to cies increased $1.5 billion compared to the prior year primarily due to issuance of additional cie debt.
contractual commitments the contractual obligations identified in the table below include both our on and off-balance sheet transactions that represent material expected or contractually committed future obligations. the table excludes obligations of cies as they are not direct obligations of the company and have recourse only to the assets of the cies. payments due by period as of december 31, 2014 were as follows:
insurance and annuities(2)                  40,447               3,570               5,080                 4,284                      27,513
(2) these scheduled payments are represented by reserves of approximately $29.6 billion at december 31, 2014 and are based on interest credited, mortality, morbidity, lapse, surrender and premium payment assumptions. actual payment obligations may differ if experience varies from these assumptions. separate account liabilities have been excluded as associated contractual obligations would be met by separate account assets.
(3) the payments due by year are based on contractual term maturities. however, contractholders have the right to redeem the investment certificates earlier and at their discretion subject to surrender charges, if any. redemptions are most likely to occur in periods of substantial increases in interest rates.
(4) the fair value of these commitments included on the consolidated balance sheets was $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2014. see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for more information about our deferred premium options.
(5) affordable housing partnership commitments are related to investments in low income housing tax credit partnerships. call dates for the obligations presented are either date or event specific. for date specific obligations, we are required to fund a specific amount on a stated date provided there are no defaults under the agreement. for event specific obligations, we are required to fund a specific amount of its capital commitment when properties in a fund become fully stabilized. for event specific obligations, the estimated call date of these commitments is used in the table above.
(6) purchase obligations include the minimum contractual amounts by period under contracts that were in effect at december 31, 2014. many of the purchase agreements giving rise to these purchase obligations include termination clauses that may require payment of termination fees if the agreements are terminated by us without cause prior to their stated expiration; however, the table reflects the amounts to be paid assuming the contracts are not terminated.
in addition to the contractual commitments outlined in the table above, we periodically fund the employees' defined benefit plans. we contributed $42 million and $48 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, to our pension plans. in 2015, we expect to contribute $41 million to our pension plans and $2 million to our defined benefit postretirement plans. see note 22 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
total loan funding commitments, which are not included in the table above due to uncertainty with respect to timing of future cash flows, were $549 million at december 31, 2014.
for additional information relating to these contractual commitments, see note 23 to our consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide asset management services to investment entities which are considered to be vies, such as clos, hedge funds, property funds and private equity funds, which are sponsored by us. we consolidate certain clos and property funds. we have determined that consolidation is not required for hedge funds and private equity funds which are sponsored by us. our maximum exposure to loss with respect to our investment in these non-consolidated entities is limited to our carrying value. we have no obligation to provide further financial or other support to these investment entities nor have we provided any support to these investment entities. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our arrangements with these investment entities.
•   statements of the company's plans, intentions, positioning, expectations, objectives or goals, including those relating to asset flows, mass affluent and affluent client acquisition strategy, client retention and growth of our client base, financial advisor productivity, retention, recruiting and enrollments, the introduction, cessation, terms or pricing of new or existing products and services, acquisition integration, benefits and claims expenses, general and administrative costs, consolidated tax rate, return of capital to shareholders, debt repayment and excess capital position and financial flexibility to capture additional growth opportunities;
•   other statements about future economic performance, the performance of equity markets and interest rate variations and the economic performance of the united states and of global markets; and
such factors include, but are not limited to:
•   conditions in the interest rate, credit default, equity market and foreign exchange environments, including changes in valuations, liquidity and volatility;
•   changes in and the adoption of relevant accounting standards and securities rating agency standards and processes, as well as changes in the litigation and regulatory environment, including ongoing legal proceedings and regulatory actions, the frequency and extent of legal claims threatened or initiated by clients, other persons and regulators, and developments in regulation and legislation, including the rules and regulations implemented or to be implemented in connection with the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act;
•   effects of competition in the financial services industry, including pricing pressure, the introduction of new products and services and changes in product distribution mix and distribution channels;
•   the company's capital structure, including indebtedness, limitations on subsidiaries to pay dividends, and the extent, manner, terms and timing of any share or debt repurchases management may effect as well as the opinions of rating agencies and other analysts and the reactions of market participants or the company's regulators, advisors, distribution partners or customers in response to any change or prospect of change in any such opinion;
•   changes to the availability and cost of liquidity and the company's credit capacity that may arise due to shifts in market conditions, the company's credit ratings and the overall availability of credit;
•   risks of default, capacity constraint or repricing by issuers or guarantors of investments the company owns or by counterparties to hedge, derivative, insurance or reinsurance arrangements or by manufacturers of products the company distributes, experience deviations from the company's assumptions regarding such risks, the evaluations or the prospect of changes in
•   experience deviations from the company's assumptions regarding morbidity, mortality and persistency in certain annuity and insurance products, or from assumptions regarding market returns assumed in valuing or unlocking dac and dsic or market volatility underlying the company's valuation and hedging of guaranteed benefit annuity riders, or from assumptions regarding interest rates assumed in the company's loss recognition testing of its long term care business, or from assumptions regarding anticipated claims and losses relating to the company's automobile and home insurance products;
•   changes in capital requirements that may be indicated, required or advised by regulators or rating agencies;
•   the impacts of the company's efforts to improve distribution economics and to grow third-party distribution of its products;
•   the ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures and the development of new products and services;
•   the ability to realize the financial, operating and business fundamental benefits of strategic transactions and initiatives the company has completed, is pursuing or may pursue in the future, which may be impacted by the ability to obtain regulatory approvals, the ability to effectively manage related expenses and by market, business partner and consumer reactions to such strategic transactions and initiatives;
•   the ability and timing to realize savings and other benefits from re-engineering and tax planning;
•   interruptions or other failures in the company's communications, technology and other operating systems, including errors or failures caused by third party service providers, interference or failures caused by third party attacks on the company's systems, or the failure to safeguard the privacy or confidentiality of sensitive information and data on such systems; and
•   general economic and political factors, including consumer confidence in the economy and the financial industry, the ability and inclination of consumers generally to invest as well as their ability and inclination to invest in financial instruments and products other than cash and cash equivalents, the costs of products and services the company consumes in the conduct of its business, and applicable legislation and regulation and changes therein, including tax laws, tax treaties, fiscal and central government treasury policy, and policies regarding the financial services industry and publicly-held firms, and regulatory rulings and pronouncements.
ameriprise financial announces financial and other information to investors through the company's investor relations website at ir.ameriprise.com, as well as sec filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. investors and others interested in the company are encouraged to visit the investor relations website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. the website also allows users to sign up for automatic notifications in the event new materials are posted. the information found on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document the company furnishes or files with the sec.