item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is designed to provide a reader of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results. our md&a should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including part i, item 1a: "risk factors"; part ii, item 6: "selected financial data"; and part ii, item 8: "financial statements and supplementary data." the various sections of this md&a contain a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risk factors described throughout this filing. the tables in the md&a sections below are derived from exact numbers and may have immaterial rounding differences.
executive overview and key strategic initiatives our core mission is to protect life and to protect truth through technologies that make communities safer. we are a market leader in the development and manufacture of advanced conducted electrical weapons ("cews") designed for use by law enforcement, military, corrections, and private security personnel and by private individuals for personal defense. more recently, to address challenges faced by law enforcement officers post-incident, we have developed a fully integrated hardware and software solution to provide our law enforcement customers the capabilities to capture, store, manage, share and analyze video and other digital evidence.
technological innovation is the foundation for our long-term growth and we intend to maintain our commitment to the research and development of our technology for both new and existing products that further our mission. at the same time we have established industry leading training services to provide our users a comprehensive overview of legal, policy, medical and risk mitigation issues relating to our products and the use of force. we have built a network of distribution channels for selling and marketing our products and services to law enforcement agencies, primarily in north america, with ongoing focus and effort placed on expanding these programs in international, military and other markets. over 17,000 law enforcement agencies in nearly 150 countries have made initial purchases of our taser brand devices for testing or deployment. to date, we do not know of any significant sales of any competing cew products, but acknowledge the continued emergence of competition within the on-officer camera, digital evidence management and related technology market.
our key strategic initiatives include:
we believe that the video evidence capture and management market will continue to grow significantly due to several factors, including increasing recognition of the benefits and value of video evidence and other mobile technologies. in 2015, we expect to devote significant resources towards both the development of the next revenue generating product for our axon segment, and additional functionality for our existing saas. we aim to work closely with our customers to develop new value added features to our existing platform that are necessary to optimize their workflows, as well as develop adjacent technologies in wearables, cloud, and mobile devices.
internationally, there is a very significant portion of the market where officers do not carry cews or wear on-officer cameras. we believe there is substantial opportunity for more widespread adoption of cews and axon products in foreign countries. in recent years, we have seen international markets become increasingly attractive and we seek to maintain that trend as we demonstrate the benefits of large-scale adoptions of our cews and axon products, using countries such as the united kingdom and australia as benchmarks of successful programs. we have also decided to make focused investments in targeted countries such as france, brazil, the united kingdom, canada and australia as we see considerable opportunity for increased sales in those regions. because the sales cycle to sell into a new international market can be as long or longer than 18 to 24 months, it is important that we continue to develop our pipeline in terms of both the number and size of opportunities.
in the u.s., our focus is on driving deeper penetration into law enforcement agencies that do not have a cew or on-officer camera on every officer. our strategy is to create a dominant market position in domestic law enforcement and internationally over time.
•   focus on increasing bookings and brand awareness for evidence.com and axon cameras. we have expanded our axon sales team from 14 at the end of 2013 to 16 full-time salespeople at the end of 2014. we expect the additional salesforce to generate increased bookings in 2015. in addition, during 2015, we expect to continue our concerted efforts to promote the awareness of the benefits of digital evidence management in general, and evidence.com specifically, throughout the law enforcement community. we expect additional efforts will encompass tech summits, sponsorships, tradeshows, interaction with trade associations (such as the international association of chiefs of police), and other promotional activities.
included in our strategy to demonstrate the benefits of evidence.com, we have optional test and evaluation periods of the product on-site with customers. we experienced increasing volumes of trial programs in 2014 and believe these trial programs are the best way for our customers to see the powerful capabilities, benefits and compelling value proposition of our technology. we anticipate further increases in these trial programs in 2015, ultimately leading to increased sales. as market acceptance grows, we anticipate fewer and/or shorter trial programs will be necessary to capture sales.
•   focus on maintaining incremental sales channels by continuing to develop purchasing programs that position the company to own municipality budget lines and become the ongoing technology provider for our customers in order to drive sales growth.
•   focus on minimizing attrition rates by providing world class products and services that provide the value necessary to ensure customers continue to renew their contracts.
•   further develop our presence in federal government and military markets. we intend to continue to place emphasis on supporting our military customers through our team of professionals with extensive military, homeland defense and law enforcement experience. the primary focus of this team is to support military use for our existing hardware as well as increase technology development through contracted support.
•   continued application for patents and intellectual property rights, both in the u.s. and internationally, to protect key technology in our products and further attempt to protect and maintain our competitive position.
•   continued aggressive litigation defense to protect our brand equity. we maintain a team of world class medical experts and internal legal resources to provide an efficient means of defending the company against product liability claims.
results of operations the following table presents data from our statements of operations as well as the percentage relationship to total net sales of items included in our statements of operations (dollars in thousands):
litigation judgments (recoveries)                        -               -                 1,450           1.1                (2,200   )        (1.9   )
united states        $132,205          80.4   %          $115,674          83.9   %           $93,427          81.4   %
net unit sales for the taser weapons handles and other products and axon segment products are as follows:
2014                             2013                           unitchange          percentchange taser x26p       51,283                    28,107           23,176                  82.5   %
the increase in net sales for 2014 compared to 2013 in the taser weapons segment was primarily driven by the introduction of the taser x26p smart weapon. growing demand is seen in the taser weapons segment as customers are upgrading their legacy cews to the new taser x2 and x26p smart weapons. in the axon segment, the increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. international customers continued to be a steady contributor to the results with $32.3 million in 2014 versus $22.2 million in 2013. to further strengthen our international presence, during 2014, the company established taser international, b.v. located in amsterdam, netherlands, that will serve as a permanent international headquarters to facilitate transactions with existing customers as well as allow for continued expansion into other foreign markets. this location will have full-time personnel functioning in sales and marketing, training, finance and other administrative roles.
to gain more immediate feedback regarding activity for axon products and evidence.com services, we also review bookings for these products. we consider bookings to be a statistical measure defined as the sales price of orders (not invoiced sales), net of cancellations, placed in the relevant fiscal period, regardless of when the products or services ultimately will be provided. some bookings will be invoiced in subsequent years. due to municipal government funding rules, certain of the future year amounts included in bookings are subject to budget appropriation or other contract cancellation clauses. although taser has entered into contracts for the delivery of products and services in the future and anticipates the contracts will be completed, if agencies do not appropriate money in future year budgets or enact a cancellation clause, revenue associated with these bookings will not ultimately be recognized, resulting in a future reduction to bookings. bookings related to evidence.com and the axon product line increased to $57.1 million during 2014, compared to $14.5 million in 2013.
*    not meaningful net unit sales for the taser weapons handles and other products and axon segment products are as follows:
2013                             2012                          unitchange          percentchange taser x26p       28,107                         -          28,107                     *
the increase in net sales for 2013 compared to 2012 in the taser weapons segment was primarily driven by the introduction of the taser x26p smart weapon. growing demand was seen in the taser weapons segment as customers upgraded their legacy cews to the new taser x2 and x26p smart weapons. in the axon segment, the increase in net sales was driven by the continued adoption of the axon on-officer cameras and evidence.com application in the law enforcement markets. international customers continued to be a steady contributor to the results with $22.2 million in 2013 versus $21.3 million in 2012. international sales grew slightly in 2013, although decreasing as a percentage of total revenue.
cost of products sold and services delivered was $63.0 million and $52.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, an increase of $11.0 million or 21.1%. as a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold and services delivered remained relatively consistent at 38.3% in 2014 compared to 37.7% in 2013. within the taser weapons segment, cost of products sold increased $3.7 million, or 8.3%, to $47.7 million in 2014, compared to $44.0 million in 2013, but decreased as a percent of sales to 32.7% from 34.5%. the net decrease in cost of products sold as a percent of sales primarily reflects increased leverage due to higher sales and a higher average selling prices.
within the axon segment, cost of products sold and services delivered were $15.3 million, an increase of $7.3 million, or 92.1% from 2013. the increase was driven by growing sales in this segment, increased data storage costs as more agencies utilize evidence.com, as well as the introduction of a professional services team. these increases were partially offset by the full depreciation of the capitalized evidence.com software development costs as of june 30, 2013. the slight decrease in overall cost of products sold and services delivered as a percentage of sales was driven by higher sales and by improvements to our evidence.com saas margins. there are a number of fixed costs for the axon segment which, as we generate additional traction in the business, we expect to remain relatively stable and should allow for lower cost of services delivered as a percentage of service revenue. as a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold and services delivered increased slightly to 80.9% in 2014 from 76.9% in 2013.
cost of products sold and services delivered, was $52.0 million and $47.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, an increase of $5.0 million or 10.5%. as a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold and services delivered decreased to 37.7% in 2013 from 41.0% in 2012. within the taser weapons segment, cost of products sold increased $4.7 million, or 11.9%, to $44.0 million in 2013, compared to $39.4 million in 2012, but decreased as a percent of sales to 34.5% from 36.1%. the net decrease in cost of products sold as a percent of sales primarily reflects increased leverage due to higher sales and a higher average selling prices.
within the axon segment, cost of products sold and services delivered were $8.0 million, an increase of $0.3 million, or 3.6% from 2012. increased product costs related to the axon segment due to growing sales in this segment were partially offset by decreased service costs, resulting in a slight overall increase for 2013 as compared to the prior year. the decrease in service costs is comprised of cost savings due to efficiencies gained by moving to a third party cloud storage from our data center, as well as the full depreciation of the capitalized evidence.com software development costs as of june 30, 2013. the decrease in overall cost of products sold and services delivered as a percentage of sales was driven by higher sales and by improvements to our evidence.com saas margins. there are a number of fixed costs for the axon segment which, as we generate traction in the business, we expect to remain relatively stable and should allow for lower cost of services delivered as a percentage of service revenue. as a percentage of net sales, cost of products sold and services delivered decreased to 76.9% in 2013 from 134.9% in 2012.
*    not meaningful gross margin increased $15.7 million to $101.5 million for 2014 compared to $85.8 million for 2013. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin decreased slightly to 61.7% for 2014 compared to 62.3% for 2013. the decrease is primarily attributable to sales mix and continued growth in the axon segment. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin for the taser weapons segment was 67.3% and 65.5% for 2014 and 2013, respectively, while the same measure for these years for the axon segment were 19.1% and 23.1%, respectively. although the company experienced improvements in margins for the weapons and axon segments individually, due primarily to higher average selling prices, as the axon segment continues to become a greater percentage of total sales, the company expects to see a slight decrease in overall margins as a percentage of sales. the overall increase in margins was negatively impacted by higher inventory reserves taken towards the end of 2014 as compared to 2013 related primarily to the reserve for the x26 cew that was discontinued as of december 31, 2014. the company also accrued approximately $1.1 million of inventory losses related to products it may not be able to use in production of certain axon camera products.
gross margin increased $18.1 million to $85.8 million in 2013 compared to $67.7 million in 2012. as a percentage of net sales, gross margin increased to 62.3% for 2013 compared to 59.0% for 2012. the increase in gross margin as a percentage of net sales for 2014 was primarily attributable to the move of the evidence.com data center to a third party provider, the full depreciation of the capitalized evidence.com software development costs, increased sales of higher margin products and operational efficiencies.
salaries, benefits and bonus                                        $18,179                 $14,723                  $3,456                 23.5        %
liability insurance                                                   1,303                   2,012                    (709      )         (35.2        )
of the increase in sg&a above, there was increased expense associated with customer-facing positions, including: salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation, as well as sales commissions, which are included in the sales and marketing line item in the table above. positions were added throughout the year, with the following customer-facing headcount as of the end of each year:
within the taser weapons segment, sg&a increased $2.8 million, or 7.0%, to $43.0 million from $40.2 million in 2013. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the taser weapons increased approximately $2.0 million in 2014 compared to 2013 partially due to increased international, telesales, and support sales staff. incremental administrative functions were also added in 2014 in order to support the growing business. travel expenses also increased approximately $0.5 million compared to the prior year as increased international travel occurred to set up the new international offices in amsterdam. offsetting these increases, efficiencies were realized in liability insurance costs and sales and marketing expenses.
within the axon segment, sg&a increased $4.8 million, or 75.0%, to $11.2 million in 2014 in comparison to the prior year. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the axon segment increased $1.9 million. sales and marketing expenses in the axon segment also increased approximately $1.4 million in comparison to 2013 as a result of a large presence and a hosted booth at the international association of chiefs of police. we believe these increases in marketing activities will increase customer awareness of the benefits of evidence.com and ultimately lead to sales growth in future periods. sales and marketing expenses also include increases of approximately $0.9 million in commissions. increases were also seen in lobbying and consulting fees of approximately $0.8 million and travel expenses of approximately $0.8 million.
the company expects to see increases in sg&a in 2015 compared to 2014 as it plans to make additional investments in customer-facing positions both domestically and internationally along with increased investments in sales and marketing.
salaries, benefits and bonus                                        $14,723                 $11,385                  $3,338                 29.3        %
liability insurance                                                   2,012                   1,821                     191                 10.5
within the taser weapons segment, sg&a increased $4.4 million, or 12.4%, to $40.2 million from $35.7 million in 2012. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the taser weapons increased approximately $2.6 million in 2013 compared to 2012 partially due to increased international, telesales, and support sales staff. incremental administrative functions were also added in 2013 in order to support the growing business. sales and marketing expenses, many of which are variable, also increased approximately $0.9 million within the taser weapons segment compared to the prior year, due to higher commissions of $0.8 million on higher overall sales. legal fees increased within the taser weapons segment compared to 2012 by approximately $0.3 million as the company worked through its pre-2009 litigation. this was partially offset by a benefit of $0.5 million from the reimbursement of legal expenses due to insurance coverage after the turner reversal. financial advisory fees within the taser weapons segment are also up year over year by approximately $0.4 million. included in "other" are higher expenses related to litigation activities and credit card processing fees. reductions were seen in depreciation expense and consulting costs.
within the axon segment, sg&a increased $2.9 million, or 81.9%, to $6.4 million in 2013 in comparison to the prior year. salaries, benefits, bonus and stock-based compensation in the axon segment increased $1.2 million primarily as a result of the company doubling its video salesforce and hiring incremental functions such as customer service and account management and other customer-facing roles. sales and marketing expenses in the axon segment also increased approximately $0.8 million in comparison to 2012 as a result of evidence.com promotions and advertising efforts during the year, including a large presence and a hosted booth at the international association of chiefs of police annual conference. sales and marketing expenses also include increases of approximately $0.3 million in commissions.
within the taser weapons segment, r&d expenses decreased $0.4 million, or 10.2%, to $3.9 million in 2014, which was primarily driven by a shift in personnel resources to the axon segment and reduced testing materials expense. reductions were partially offset by increases in professional and consulting fees.
within the axon segment, r&d expenses increased $5.4 million, or 97.5%, to $11.0 million in 2014 from the prior year. the increase for 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily driven by additional headcount and higher consulting fees.
within the taser weapons segment, r&d expenses increased $0.4 million, or 9.5%, to $4.3 million in 2013, which is primarily driven by increased headcount, professional fees and indirect materials. these increases were partially offset by lower depreciation expense.
within the axon segment, r&d expenses increased $1.4 million, or 32.8%, to $5.6 million in 2013 from 2012. the increase for 2013 compared to 2012 was driven by additional headcount, partially related to the familiar acquisition that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2013. these individuals joined the company to research and develop the next products for taser in the axon segment. offsetting these increases was a one-time benefit in 2013 for an arizona sales and use tax refund of approximately $0.3 million.
litigation judgments and recoveries in february 2012, the company was served with a complaint in the matter of aa & saba consultants, inc. v. taser international, inc. that was filed in the superior court for the county of maricopa, arizona, which alleged that the company breached a contract by unilaterally terminating a distributor agreement between the company and plaintiff without good cause. the complaint sought an award for damages, costs, expenses and attorneys' fees. taser filed a counterclaim for breach of contract and fraud. during 2012, the company made a settlement offer of $0.8 million to plaintiff, which was recorded as an expense in sg&a in that year. the offer was not accepted by the plaintiff and thereafter was withdrawn. on february 28, 2014, the jury returned a verdict of $3.3 million against the company. the company recorded an additional $2.6 million of expense in the fourth quarter of 2013 as litigation judgments (recoveries) on the consolidated statements of operations.
on may 6, 2014 the court issued a minute entry order awarding plaintiff approximately $1.2 million in attorneys' fees, which was recorded as a litigation settlement in the second quarter of 2014. in may 2014 the matter was resolved and dismissed.
provision (benefit) for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $12.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the effective income tax rate for 2014 was 38.4%. the effect of state income tax of $1.4 million was largely offset by a benefit of $0.6 million from incentive stock option deductions as well as $0.5 million of research and development credits in the current year. when an employee exercises isos and sells the related stock prior to the end of the mandatory holding period, the associated expense becomes a reduction to the company's taxable income.
the provision for income taxes was $9.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the effective income tax rate for 2013 was 34.9%. the effect of state income tax of $1.3 million was largely offset by a benefit of $0.5 million from incentive stock option deductions as well as $0.4 million of research and development credits and a $0.4 million favorable return to provision adjustment in the current year. when an employee exercises isos and sells the related stock prior to the mandatory holding period, the associated expense becomes a reduction to the company's taxable income. the 2013 return to provision adjustment was driven by the domestic production activities deduction which decreased taxable income, and therefore, reduced the effective tax rate.
the provision for income taxes was $7.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the effective income tax rate for 2012 was 34.8%. during 2012, the company reversed a $1.4 million valuation allowance originally established in 2011. the valuation allowance related to a portion of the arizona r&d tax credit that was expected to expire unused. due to the company's return to profitability in 2012, among other things, management believes it is more likely than not the tax credit will be realized. the reversal of the $1.4 million valuation allowance resulted in a reduction to the company's effective tax rate. however, this favorable result was more than offset by the effects of state income tax and the change in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $1.0 million and $0.9 million, respectively. other items combined for a net favorable impact in the company's effective tax rate. excluding the effect of the reversal of the valuation allowance, the company's effective tax rate would have been 41.1%.
liquidity and capital resources summary as of december 31, 2014, we had $48.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $6.1 million from the end of 2013.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the past three years (in thousands):
operating activities                                             $35,432               $32,426               $26,517
investing activities                                             (24,581    )          (23,062    )            1,681
financing activities                                              (4,840    )           (3,189    )          (13,363    )
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 of $35.4 million consists of $19.9 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $9.6 million and a positive $5.9 million net change in operating assets and liabilities. included in the non-cash items are $4.3 million in depreciation and amortization expense and $5.6 million in stock-based compensation expense. these additions were partially offset by an $8.0 million reduction related to excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation that is treated as a financing activity for cash flow purposes. the most significant increase to the portion of cash from operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities is a $15.5 million increase to deferred revenue. of the increase in deferred revenue, $6.1 million resulted from additional extended warranty sales, $3.9 million resulted from increased hardware deferred revenue from taser assurance program ("tap") sales, and $5.3 million related to prepayments for axon saas services. in addition, the $9.5 million increase to cash from operating activities related to increases in accounts payable, accrued and other liabilities that was primarily caused by current income tax expense, which would have resulted in an increase to income tax payable, if it had not been reduced by the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation discussed above. these increases to operating cash flow were partially offset by an increase in accounts and notes receivable of $8.4 million due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the same quarter in 2013, and an increase in inventory of $9.4 million in anticipation of higher sales in 2015.
net cash provided by operating activities in 2013 of $32.4 million consists of $18.2 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $5.6 million and a positive $8.6 million net change in operating assets (net of operating liabilities). included in the non-cash items are $5.1 million in depreciation and amortization expense and $4.3 million in stock-based compensation expense. these additions were partially offset by a $6.8 million reduction related to excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation that is treated as a financing activity for cash flow purposes. the most significant increase to cash from operating activities related to the changes in operating assets and liabilities was an $8.1 million increase to deferred revenue. of the increase in deferred revenue, $5.1 million results from additional extended warranty sales and the remainder is primarily a result of prepayments for our evidence.com saas. in addition, the $5.6 million increase to cash from operating activities related to increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was primarily caused by current income tax expense, which would have resulted in an increase to income tax payable, if it had not been reduced by the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation discussed above. these increases to operating cash flow were partially offset by an increase in accounts and notes receivable of $4.4 million. the fluctuation in accounts and notes receivable was primarily driven by sales, which increased 20.1% during 2013
net cash provided by operating activities in 2012 of $26.5 million consists of $14.7 million in net income, the net add-back of non-cash income statement items totaling $9.1 million and a $2.7 million net change in operating assets (net of operating liabilities). included in the non-cash items are $6.5 million in depreciation and amortization expense and $3.4 million in stock-based compensation expense. these additions were partially offset by a reduction to operating cash flows of $4.7 million related to excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation that is included in financing activities. the most significant changes in operating assets and liabilities was an increase of $4.2 million related to a change in deferred revenue. deferred revenue increased $4.2 million due to increased sales of extended warranties as well as sales of evidence.com service and maintenance. in addition, the $4.4 million increase to cash from operating activities related to increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was primarily caused by current income tax expense, which would have resulted in an increase to income tax payable, if it had not been reduced by the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation discussed above. these changes were partially offset by an increase in accounts and notes receivable of $6.1 million. the fluctuation in accounts and notes receivable was primarily driven by sales, which increased 27.5% during 2012 as compared to 2011, and 50.6% in the three months ended december 31, 2012, as compared to the same three-month period in 2011. the net $0.5 million positive change in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities resulted from increases in accrued liabilities including a $1.6 million increase due to supply purchases to support higher sales activity, as well as $1.0 million in accrued legal settlements during 2012, and a $0.9 million increase in accrued payroll, offset by the $2.2 million reversal of the turner legal judgment.
investing activities primarily as a result of investing cash generated from operating activities, we used $24.6 million for investing activities in 2014. purchases of investments, net of calls and maturities, were $21.9 million. the company also invested $2.7 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles.
primarily as a result of investing cash generated from operating activities, we used $23.1 million from investing activities in 2013. purchases of investments, net of calls and maturities, were $19.7 million. the company also invested $2.1 million in the purchase of property and equipment and intangibles, as well as $1.3 million, net, to purchase familiar, inc.
we generated $1.7 million from investing activities in 2012, comprised principally of $3.4 million of net proceeds from call/maturity of short-term investments, offset by $1.7 million for the acquisition of various production and computer equipment and intangible assets, net of proceeds from asset disposals.
financing activities net cash used by financing activities was $4.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the repurchase of $22.4 million of the company's common stock, which was purchased for a weighted average cost of $12.99 per share per share, was partially offset by $11.0 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and $8.0 million of excess tax benefit from stock proceeds. the purchase of common stock was made under a stock repurchase program authorized by taser's board of directors. the company has approximately $7.6 million remaining on the repurchase authorization as of december 31, 2014. repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market.
net cash used by financing activities was $3.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the repurchase of $25.0 million of the company's common stock, which was purchased for a weighted average cost of $8.20 per share, was offset by $15.4 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and $6.8 million of excess tax benefit from stock proceeds. the purchase of common stock was made under a stock repurchase program authorized by taser's board of directors. we completed the authorized repurchases as of june 2013.
during 2013, the company recorded $6.8 million for excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. the tax benefit relates to exercises occurring from the years 2004 through 2013.
during 2012, net cash used by financing activities was $13.4 million, primarily attributable to the repurchase of $20.0 million of the company's common stock, which was purchased for an average of $5.22 per share, offset by $1.9 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options. the purchase of common stock was made under a stock repurchase program authorized by taser's board of directors.
during 2012, the company recorded $4.7 million for excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. the tax benefit relates to exercises occurring from the years 2006 through 2012 which gave rise to tax attribute carry forwards such as net operating
losses and tax credits. the company was able to recognize this benefit in 2012 due to its positive taxable income during the period that allowed for the utilization of those tax attributes for which no benefit had previously been recorded.
liquidity and capital resources our most significant sources of liquidity continue to be funds generated by operating activities and available cash and cash equivalents. in addition, our $10.0 million revolving credit facility is available for additional working capital needs or investment opportunities. under the terms of the line of credit, available borrowings are reduced by outstanding letters of credit. the line is secured by substantially all of the assets of the company, and bears interest at varying rates currently libor plus 1.5% or prime less 0.75%. as of december 31, 2014, we had letters of credit outstanding of $0.4 million, leaving the net amount available for borrowing of $9.6 million. the facility matures on july 31, 2016. there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to maintain our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no borrowings under the line.
our agreement with the bank requires us to comply with certain financial and other covenants including maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio. the leverage ratio (ratio of total liabilities to tangible net worth) can be no greater than 1:1, and the fixed charge coverage ratio can be no less than 1.25:1, based upon a trailing twelve-month period. at december 31, 2014, the company's tangible net worth ratio was 0.45:1 and its fixed charge coverage ratio was 2.82:1. accordingly, the company was in compliance with these covenants.
based on our strong balance sheet and the fact that we had just $0.1 million in total long-term debt and capital lease obligations at december 31, 2014, we believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible additional financing. however, there is no assurance that such funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
we believe funds generated from our expected results of operations, as well as available cash and investments, will be sufficient to finance our operations and strategic initiatives for 2015 and the foreseeable future. from time to time, our board of directors considers repurchases of our common stock. further repurchases of our common stock will take place on the open market, will be financed with available cash and are subject to authorization as well as market and business conditions.
capital leases including interest   71                 41                         30                           -         -
open purchase orders in the above table primarily represent non-cancelable purchase orders with key vendors, which are included in this table due to the company's strategic relationships with these vendors.
we are subject to u.s. federal income tax as well as income taxes imposed by several states and foreign jurisdictions. as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. the settlement period for our long-term income tax liabilities cannot be determined; however, the liabilities are not expected to significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.
critical accounting estimates we have identified the following accounting estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. the preparation of this annual report on form 10-k requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated
product warranties the company warranties its cews, axon cameras and e-docks from manufacturing defects on a limited basis for a period of one year after purchase and, thereafter, will replace any defective unit for a fee. estimated costs for our standard warranty are charged to cost of products sold and services delivered when revenue is recorded for the related product. we estimate future warranty costs based on historical data related to returns and warranty costs on a quarterly basis and apply this rate to current product anticipated returns from our customers. we have also historically increased our reserve amount if we become aware of a component failure that could result in larger than anticipated returns from our customers. the accrued warranty liability is reviewed quarterly to evaluate whether it sufficiently reflects the remaining warranty obligations based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the warranty obligation period, and adjustments are made when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, our reserve for warranty returns was approximately $0.7 million and $1.0 million, respectively. warranty expense in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $0.4 million, $1.0 million and $0.5 million, respectively.
revenue related to separately-priced extended warranties is recorded as deferred revenue at its contractual amount and subsequently recognized in net sales on a straight-line basis over the delivery period. costs related to extended warranties are charged to cost of products sold and services delivered when incurred.
inventory inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined using the weighted average cost of raw materials, which approximates the first-in, first-out ("fifo") method, and an allocation of manufacturing labor and overhead costs. the allocation of manufacturing labor and overhead costs includes management's judgments of what constitutes normal capacity of our production facilities and a determination of what costs are considered to be abnormal fixed production costs, which are expensed as current period charges. provisions are made to reduce potentially excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories to their net realizable value. these provisions are based on our best estimates after considering historical demand, projected future demand, inventory purchase commitments, industry and market trends and conditions and other factors. our reserve for excess and obsolete inventory increased to $1.4 million at december 31, 2014, compared to $1.0 million at december 31, 2013. this increase is attributable primarily to a reserve taken for x26 cew inventory which ended production during the year ended december 31, 2014. the company also accrued approximately $1.1 million of inventory losses related to products it may not be able to use in production of certain axon camera products. in the event that actual excess, obsolete or slow-moving inventories differ from these estimates, changes to inventory reserves may be necessary.
revenue recognition, deferred revenue and accounts and notes receivable we derive our revenue from two primary sources: (1) the sale of physical products, including our cews, axon cameras, e-docks, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories such as cartridges and batteries, and (2) subscription to our evidence.com digital evidence management saas (including data storage fees and other ancillary services), which includes varying levels of support. to a lesser extent, we also recognize training and other revenue. revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, title has transferred, the price is fixed and collectability is reasonably assured. extended warranty revenue, saas revenue and related data storage revenue are recognized ratably over the term of the contract beginning on the commencement date of each contract.
revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are divided into separate units and revenue is allocated using the relative selling price method based upon vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price or third-party evidence of the selling prices if vendor-specific objective evidence of selling prices does not exist. if neither vendor-specific objective evidence nor third-party evidence exists, management uses its best estimate of selling price.
evidence.com, axon cameras and e-docks are sometimes sold separately, but in most instances are sold together. in these instances, customers typically purchase and pay for the equipment and one year of evidence.com in advance. additional years of service are generally billed annually over a specified service term, which has typically ranged from one to five years. axon equipment represents a deliverable that is provided to the customer at the time of sale, while evidence.com services are provided over the specified term of the contract. the company recognizes revenue for the axon equipment at the time of the sale consistent with the discussion of multiple deliverable arrangements above. revenue for evidence.com is deferred at the time of the sale and recognized over the service period. in certain circumstances, not all requirements are met for the recognition
of revenue relative to equipment sold in conjunction with evidence.com at the time the equipment is provided to customers. in such circumstances, based on limitations associated with the allocation of arrangement consideration, part of the revenue may be recognized ratably over the specified term of the contract, or when all conditions for revenue recognition are met, if sooner.
deferred revenue consists of payments received in advance related to products and services for which the criteria for revenue recognition have not yet been met. deferred revenue that will be recognized during the succeeding twelve month period is recorded as current deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as long-term. deferred revenue does not include future revenue from multi-year contracts for which no invoice has yet been created. we generally bill customers in annual installments.
sales are typically made on credit and we generally do not require collateral. we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition and maintain an allowance for estimated potential losses. uncollectible accounts are written off when deemed uncollectible, and accounts and notes receivable are presented net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. this allowance represents our best estimate and is based on our judgment after considering a number of factors including third-party credit reports, actual payment history, customer-specific financial information and broader market and economic trends and conditions. in the event that actual uncollectible amounts differ from our estimates, additional expense could be necessary.
valuation of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets in the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded goodwill related to the familiar business acquisition. the recoverability of the goodwill is evaluated and tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter or more often, if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. finite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets are amortized over their useful lives. we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the remaining estimated useful life of long-lived assets and intangible assets may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of these assets, including intangible assets with indefinite lives, may not be recoverable.
circumstances that might indicate long-lived assets might not be recoverable could include, but are not limited to, a change in the product mix, a change in the way products are created, produced or delivered, or a significant change in the way our products are branded and marketed. when performing a review for recoverability, we estimate the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. the amount of the impairment loss, if impairment exists, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amounts of the assets over their estimated fair value computed using discounted cash flows. no impairment losses were recorded in 2014, 2013 or 2012.
income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. management must also assess whether uncertain tax positions as filed could result in the recognition of a liability for possible interest and penalties if any. we have completed research and development tax credit studies which identified approximately $10.4 million in tax credits for federal, arizona and california income tax purposes related to the 2003 through 2014 tax years, net of the federal benefit on the arizona and california research and development tax credits. management determined that it was more likely than not that the full benefit of the research and development tax credit would not be sustained on examination and accordingly, has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $3.1 million as of december 31, 2014. in addition, we established a $0.2 million liability related to uncertain tax positions for certain state income tax liabilities, for a total unrecognized tax benefit at december 31, 2014 of $3.3 million. as of december 31, 2014, management expects the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit liability to decrease within the next 12 months due to completion of the current ongoing irs examination for the year ended december 31, 2012. should the unrecognized tax benefit of $3.3 million be recognized, the company's effective tax rate would be favorably impacted. our estimates are based on the information available to us at the time we prepare the income tax provisions. our income tax returns are subject to audit by federal, state, and local governments, generally years after the returns are filed. these returns could be subject to material adjustments or differing interpretations of the tax laws.
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. and overseas, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential u.s. tax contingencies
based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit, or additional income tax expense, respectively, in our consolidated financial statements.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, management assesses the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized from future taxable income. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred income tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including operating results, ongoing tax planning and forecasts of future taxable income on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis. a valuation allowance is established if we determine that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized.
although management believes that its tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax determination involves significant judgments that could become subject to audit by tax authorities in the ordinary course of business. as of december 31, 2014, the company would need to generate approximately $42.3 million of pre-tax book income in order to realize the net deferred tax assets for which a benefit has been recorded. this estimate considers the reversal of approximately $5.1 million of gross deferred tax liabilities, $1.9 million tax-effected. we also have state nols of $1.3 million, which produce deferred tax assets of $114,000, which expire at various dates between 2016 and 2031. we anticipate the company's future income to continue to trend upward from our 2014 results, with sufficient pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. however, based on specific income projections in years in which certain tax assets are set to expire, a reserve of approximately $0.5 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2014.
stock-based compensation we have historically granted stock-based compensation to key employees and non-employee directors as a means of attracting and retaining quality personnel. we have utilized restricted stock units and stock options; however, no stock options were issued during 2014, 2013 or 2012. the fair value of restricted stock units is estimated as the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. we estimate the fair value of granted stock options by using the black-scholes-merton option pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. these assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their stock options before exercising them (expected term), the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term and the number of options that will ultimately not vest (forfeitures). the expense for both restricted stock units and stock options is recorded over the life of the grant, net of forfeitures.
we have granted a total of approximately 1.6 million performance-based awards (options and restricted stock units) of which approximately 0.5 million are outstanding as of december 31, 2014, the vesting of which is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance criteria including the successful development and market acceptance of future product introductions as well as our future sales targets and operating performance. these awards will vest and compensation expense will be recognized based on management's best estimate of the probability of the performance criteria being satisfied using the most currently available projections of future product adoption and operating performance, adjusted at each balance sheet date. changes in the subjective and probability-based assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of stock-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in our statements of operations. refer to note 1(q) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of our valuation assumptions.
contingencies and accrued litigation expense we are subject to the possibility of various loss contingencies including product-related litigation, arising in the ordinary course of business. we consider the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required. refer to note 9(c) of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of our contingencies and accrued litigation expense.