item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reference is made to "part i. item 1a. risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements," which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. in addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes thereto of charter communications, inc. and subsidiaries included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
overview we are a cable operator providing services in the united states with approximately 6.2 million residential and commercial customers at december 31, 2014. we offer our customers traditional cable video programming, internet services, and voice services, as well as advanced video services such as video on demand, hd television and dvr service. we also sell local advertising on cable networks and provide fiber connectivity to cellular towers. see "part i. item 1. business - products and services" for further description of these services, including "customers."
our most significant competitors are dbs providers and certain telephone companies that offer services that provide features and functions similar to our video, high-speed internet, and voice services, including in some cases wireless services, and they also offer these services in bundles similar to ours.  customers have been more willing to consider our competitors' products, partially because of increased marketing highlighting perceived differences between competitive video products, especially when those competitors are often offering significant incentives to switch providers. some consumers have chosen to receive video over the internet rather than through pay television services including from us, thereby reducing our video revenues. see "part i. item 1. business - competition."  in the recent past, we have grown revenues by offsetting basic video customer losses with price increases and sales of incremental services such as high-speed internet, video on demand, dvr and hd television.  we expect to continue to grow revenues by increasing the number of products in our current customer homes and obtaining new customers with an improved value offering. in addition, we expect to increase revenues by expanding the sales of services to our commercial customers.  however, we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates.
our business plans include goals for increasing customers and revenue. to reach our goals, we have actively invested in our network and operations, and have improved the quality and value of the products and packages that we offer. we have enhanced our video product by moving to an all-digital platform, offering more hd channels and increasing digital and hd-dvr penetration. we simplified our offers and pricing and improved our packaging of products to bring more value to new and existing customers. as part of our effort to create more value for customers, we have focused on driving penetration of our triple play offering, which includes more than 200 hd channels in most of our markets, video on demand, internet service, and fully-featured voice service. in addition, we have implemented a number of changes to our organizational structure, selling methods and operating tactics. we have fully insourced our direct sales workforce and are increasingly insourcing our field operations and call center workforces and modifying the way our sales workforce is compensated, which we believe positions us for better customer service and growth. we expect that our enhanced product set combined with improved customer service will lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes, allowing us to grow our customer base and revenue more quickly and economically. we expect our capital expenditures to remain elevated as we strive to increase digital and hd-dvr penetration and place higher levels of customer premise equipment per transaction.
in july 2013, charter and charter operating acquired bresnan from a wholly owned subsidiary of cablevision, for $1.625 billion in cash, as well as a working capital adjustment and a reduction for certain funded indebtedness of bresnan (the "bresnan acquisition"). bresnan managed cable operating systems in colorado, montana, wyoming and utah that passed approximately 670,000 homes and served approximately 375,000 residential and commercial customer relationships at the time they were acquired.
total revenue growth was 12% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the corresponding period in 2013, and 9% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the corresponding period in 2012, due to the bresnan acquisition and growth in our video, internet and commercial businesses. total revenue growth on a pro forma basis for the bresnan acquisition as if it had occurred on january 1, 2012 was 8% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the corresponding period in 2013, and 5% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the corresponding period in 2012. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, adjusted ebitda was $3.2 billion, $2.9 billion and $2.7 billion, respectively.  adjusted ebitda is defined as net loss plus net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net, and other operating expenses, such as merger and acquisition costs, special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. see "-use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow" for further information on adjusted ebitda.  adjusted ebitda increased 12% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the corresponding period in 2013 and 6% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the corresponding period in 2012 as a result of the bresnan acquisition, which contributed $96 million and $90 million, respectively, and an increase in residential and commercial revenues offset by increases in programming costs and other operating costs. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our income from operations was $971 million, $909 million and $915 million, respectively. in addition to the factors discussed above, income from operations was affected by increases in depreciation and amortization primarily due to the bresnan acquisition and current capital expenditures.
in connection with the transactions, in 2014 we have incurred approximately $14 million in operating costs and expenses and $27 million of capital expenditures related to incremental transition costs required to position charter to double its service footprint. we also incurred $38 million of incremental expenses related to advisory, legal and accounting fees which are reflected in other operating expenses, as well as approximately $75 million of interest expense associated with term loan g that was entered into in september 2014 and the issuance of the ccoh safari notes in november 2014. see "part i. item 1. business - transactions with comcast."
approximately 90%, 89% and 87% of our revenues for years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our video, internet, voice, and commercial services provided by our cable systems. generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. the remaining 10%, 11% and 13% of revenue for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected by us but then paid to local authorities), pay-per-view and video on demand programming, installation, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services.
our expenses primarily consist of operating costs, depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense. operating costs primarily include programming costs, connectivity, franchise and other regulatory costs, the cost to service our customers such as field, network and customer operations costs and marketing costs.
we have a history of net losses.  our net losses are principally attributable to insufficient revenue to cover the combination of operating expenses, interest expenses that we incur because of our debt, depreciation expenses resulting from the capital investments we have made and continue to make in our cable properties, amortization expenses related to our customer relationship intangibles and non-cash taxes resulting from increases in our deferred tax liabilities.
critical accounting policies and estimates certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. management has discussed these policies with the audit committee of charter's board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the following disclosure. we consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows:
•   capitalization of labor and overhead costs
•   litigation
•   programming agreements in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimates or judgment that are not deemed critical, such as the allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of our derivative instruments, but changes in estimates or judgment in these other items could also have a material impact on our financial statements.
property, plant and equipment the cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the net carrying amount of our property, plant and equipment (consisting primarily of cable network assets) was approximately $8.4 billion (representing 34% of total assets) and $8.0 billion (representing 46% of total assets), respectively. total capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $2.2 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively.
capitalization of labor and overhead costs. costs associated with network construction, initial customer installations, installation refurbishments, and the addition of network equipment necessary to provide new or advanced video services, are capitalized. while our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis. for assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation. costs capitalized as part of initial customer installations include materials, direct labor, and certain indirect costs. these indirect costs are associated with the activities of personnel who assist in connecting and activating the new service, and consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with these support functions. the costs of disconnecting service at a customer's dwelling or reconnecting service to a previously installed dwelling are charged to operating expense in the period incurred. costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, and betterments, including replacement of cable drops from the pole to the dwelling, are capitalized.
we make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. we capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. we calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. for example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. the impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented.
labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. capitalizable activities performed in connection with customer installations include such activities as:
•   verification of serviceability to the customer's dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer's dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network and/or receiving advanced or internet services);
•   customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with customer installations, installation of network equipment in connection with the installation of advanced services, and equipment replacement and betterment; and
•   verifying the integrity of the customer's network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer's digital set-top box.
judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. the primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, consisting primarily of installation and construction vehicle costs, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as dispatchers, who directly assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities.
while we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our system activities could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. we monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. we capitalized internal direct labor and overhead of $277 million, $219 million and $202 million, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
valuation and impairment. we evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant and equipment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. such events or changes in circumstances could include such factors as the impairment of our indefinite life franchises, changes in technological advances, fluctuations in the fair value of such assets, adverse changes in relationships with local franchise authorities, adverse changes in market conditions, or a deterioration of current or expected future operating results. a long-lived asset is deemed impaired when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset. no impairments of long-lived assets to be held and used were recorded in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
we utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant and equipment in connection with business combinations.  the cost approach considers the amount required to replace an asset by constructing or purchasing a new asset with similar utility, then adjusts the value in consideration of all forms of depreciation as of the appraisal date for physical depreciation and function and economic obsolescence. the cost approach relies on management's assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components of our property, plant and equipment along with assumptions regarding the age and estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment.
depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment totaled $1.8 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.4 billion for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing approximately 22%, 22% and 21% of costs and expenses, respectively. depreciation is recorded using the straight-line composite method over management's estimate of the useful lives of the related assets as listed below:
cable distribution systems....................................           7-20 years customer equipment and installations.......................     3-8 years vehicles and equipment.......................................               3-6 years buildings and leasehold improvements.....................     15-40 years furniture, fixtures and equipment............................      6-10 years intangible assets valuation and impairment of franchises. the net carrying value of franchises as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $6.0 billion (representing 24% of total assets) and $6.0 billion (representing 35% of total assets), respectively. for more information and a complete discussion of how we test franchise assets for impairment, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we concluded that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the franchise assets in each unit of accounting exceeds the carrying value of such assets and therefore did not perform a quantitative analysis. at our last quantitative assessment, the fair value of franchises exceeded the book values for each unit of accounting by 24% to 89%.
valuation and impairment of goodwill. the net carrying value of goodwill as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $1.2 billion (representing 5% of total assets) and $1.2 billion (representing 7% of total assets), respectively. for more information and a complete discussion on our valuation methodology, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
as with our franchise impairment testing, in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our goodwill impairment testing and concluded that our goodwill is not impaired.
valuation, impairment and amortization of customer relationships. the net carrying value of customer relationships as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $1.1 billion (representing 5% of total assets) and $1.4 billion (representing 8% of total assets), respectively. amortization expense related to customer relationships for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was approximately $282 million, $284 million and $280 million, respectively. for more information and a complete discussion on our valuation methodology, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
impairment of trademarks. the net carrying value of trademarks as of both december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $159 million and $158 million, respectively (representing 1% of total assets for both periods). for more information and a complete discussion on our valuation methodology, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." the qualitative analysis in 2014, 2013 and 2012 did not identify any factors that would indicate that it was more likely than not that the fair value of trademarks were less than the carrying value and thus resulted in no impairment.
income taxes all of charter's operations are held through charter holdco and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. charter holdco and the majority of its subsidiaries are generally limited liability companies that are not subject to income tax. however, certain of these
limited liability companies are subject to state income tax. in addition, the indirect subsidiaries that are corporations are subject to federal and state income tax. all of the remaining taxable income, gains, losses, deductions and credits of charter holdco pass through to charter and its direct subsidiaries.
as of december 31, 2014, charter and its indirect corporate subsidiaries had approximately $9.5 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $3.3 billion. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2020 through 2034. these losses resulted from the operations of charter holdco and its subsidiaries. in addition, as of december 31, 2014, charter and its indirect corporate subsidiaries had state tax net operating loss carryforwards, resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $321 million. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2015 through 2034.  due to uncertainties in projected future taxable income, valuation allowances have been established against the gross deferred tax assets for book accounting purposes, except for future taxable income that will result from the reversal of existing temporary differences for which deferred tax liabilities are recognized.  such tax loss carryforwards can accumulate and be used to offset charter's future taxable income.
as of december 31, 2014, $5.3 billion of federal tax loss carryforwards are unrestricted and available for charter's immediate use, while approximately $4.2 billion of federal tax loss carryforwards are still subject to section 382 and other restrictions. pursuant to these restrictions, charter estimates that approximately $2.0 billion and $400 million in the years 2015 and 2016, respectively, and an additional $226 million annually over each of the next eight years of federal tax loss carryforwards, should become unrestricted and available for charter's use. both charter's indirect corporate subsidiary and state tax loss carryforwards are subject to similar but varying restrictions.
in addition to its tax loss carryforwards, charter also has tax basis of $4.5 billion in intangible assets and $4.6 billion in property, plant, and equipment as of december 31, 2014. the tax basis in these assets is not subject to section 382 limitations and therefore is currently deductible as depreciated or amortized. for illustrative purposes, charter expects to reflect tax-deductible amortization and depreciation on assets owned as of december 31, 2014, beginning at approximately $1.9 billion in 2015 and $3.9 billion between 2016 through 2019, decelerating annually. the foregoing projected deductions do not include any amortization or depreciation related to future capital spend or potential acquisitions. in addition, the deductions assume charter does not dispose of a material portion of its business or make modifications to the underlying partnerships it owns, all of which may materially affect the timing or amount of its existing amortization and depreciation deductions. any one of these factors including pending transactions, future legislation or adjustments by the irs upon examination could also affect the projected deductions.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we have recorded net deferred income tax liabilities of $1.6 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. net deferred tax liabilities included approximately $236 million and $226 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, relating to certain indirect subsidiaries of charter holdco that file separate federal or state income tax returns.  the remainder of our net deferred tax liability arose from charter's investment in charter holdco, and was largely attributable to the characterization of franchises for financial reporting purposes as indefinite-lived. as part of our net liability, on december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had gross deferred tax assets of $4.4 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively, which primarily relate to tax losses allocated to charter from charter holdco. in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. due to our history of losses and limitations imposed by section 382 of the code discussed above, we were unable to assume future taxable income in our analysis and accordingly valuation allowances have been established except for deferred benefits available to offset certain deferred tax liabilities that will reverse over time.  accordingly, our gross deferred tax assets have been offset with a corresponding valuation allowance of $3.1 billion and $3.0 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable and, therefore, reflected in the consolidated balance sheet, would be increased at such time that it is more-likely-than-not future taxable income will be realized during the carryforward period. we periodically evaluate the facts and circumstances surrounding this assessment and, at the time this consideration is met, an adjustment to reverse some portion of the existing valuation allowance would result.
in determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, charter establishes a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be "more likely than not" of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved. there is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are "more likely than not" of being sustained.
charter adjusts its uncertain tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.
no tax years for charter or charter holdco, for income tax purposes, are currently under examination by the irs.  tax years ending 2011 through 2014 remain subject to examination and assessment. years prior to 2011 remain open solely for purposes of examination of charter's loss and credit carryforwards.
litigation legal contingencies have a high degree of uncertainty. when a loss from a contingency becomes estimable and probable, a reserve is established. the reserve reflects management's best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised as facts and circumstances change. a reserve is released when a matter is ultimately brought to closure or the statute of limitations lapses. we have established reserves for certain matters. although certain matters are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, such matters could have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
programming agreements we exercise significant judgment in estimating programming expense associated with certain video programming contracts. our policy is to record video programming costs based on our contractual agreements with our programming vendors, which are generally multi-year agreements that provide for us to make payments to the programming vendors at agreed upon market rates based on the number of customers to which we provide the programming service. if a programming contract expires prior to the parties' entry into a new agreement and we continue to distribute the service, we estimate the programming costs during the period there is no contract in place. in doing so, we consider the previous contractual rates, inflation and the status of the negotiations in determining our estimates. when the programming contract terms are finalized, an adjustment to programming expense is recorded, if necessary, to reflect the terms of the new contract. we also make estimates in the recognition of programming expense related to other items, such as the accounting for free periods, timing of rate increases and credits from service interruptions, as well as the allocation of consideration exchanged between the parties in multiple-element transactions.
significant judgment is also involved when we enter into agreements that result in us receiving cash consideration from the programming vendor, usually in the form of advertising sales, channel positioning fees, launch support or marketing support. in these situations, we must determine based upon facts and circumstances if such cash consideration should be recorded as revenue, a reduction in programming expense or a reduction in another expense category (e.g., marketing).
results of operations the following table sets forth the percentages of revenues that items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations constituted for the periods presented (dollars in millions, except per share data):
revenues.  total revenues grew $953 million or 12% in the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to 2013 and grew $651 million or 9% in the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to 2012. revenue growth primarily reflects increases in the number of residential internet and triple play customers and in commercial business customers, growth in expanded basic and digital penetration, promotional and annual rate increases, and higher advanced services penetration offset by a decrease in basic video customers. the bresnan acquisition increased revenues in 2014 as compared to 2013 by approximately $276 million and approximately $270 million in 2013 as compared to 2012.
video revenues consist primarily of revenues from basic and digital video services provided to our non-commercial customers, as well as franchise fees, equipment rental and video installation revenue. residential video customers decreased by 17,000 in 2014 and increased 188,000 in 2013. however, after giving effect to the bresnan acquisition, residential basic video customers decreased by 109,000 in 2013. the changes in video revenues are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
bresnan acquisition                                                           138                               134
residential internet customers grew by 383,000 and 598,000 customers in 2014 and 2013, respectively, or 324,000 customers in 2013, after giving effect to the bresnan acquisition. the increases in internet revenues from our residential customers are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
bresnan acquisition                                              74                                72
residential voice customers grew by 166,000 and 359,000 customers in 2014 and 2013, respectively, or 200,000 customers in 2013, after giving effect to the bresnan acquisition. the changes in voice revenues from our residential customers are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
bresnan acquisition                                                 23                               24
commercial revenues consist primarily of revenues from services provided to our commercial customers. commercial psus increased 52,000 and 100,000 in 2014 and 2013, respectively, or 64,000 customers in 2013, after giving effect to the bresnan acquisition. the increases in commercial revenues are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
carrier site customers                                                16                               25
bresnan acquisition                                                   32                               31
advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors. advertising sales revenues increased in 2014 primarily as a result of an increase in revenue from the political sector of $30 million. advertising sales revenues decreased in 2013 primarily as a result of a decrease in revenue from the political and retail sectors of $30 million and $20 million, respectively. the bresnan acquisition increased advertising sales revenue by approximately $7 million in each of 2014 and 2013 compared to the corresponding prior year periods.
other revenues consist of home shopping, late payment fees, wire maintenance fees and other miscellaneous revenues. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to a decrease in wire maintenance fees. the increase in 2013 was primarily the result of increases in late payment fees. the bresnan acquisition increased other revenues in each of 2014 and 2013 compared to the corresponding prior year periods by approximately $2 million.
franchise, regulatory and connectivity                      11                                (1         )
bresnan acquisition                                        180                               180
programming costs were approximately $2.5 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, representing 41%, 40% and 40% of operating costs and expenses for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, digital, premium, video on demand, and pay-per-view programming. the increase in programming costs is primarily a result of annual contractual rate adjustments, including increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents, broader carriage of certain networks as a result of our all-digital initiative and the introduction of new networks to charter's video offering. we expect programming expenses to continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new sports services. we have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.
the increase in marketing costs during 2014 and 2013 was the result of heavier sales activity and sales channel development.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased by $248 million and $141 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, which primarily represents depreciation on more recent capital expenditures and the bresnan acquisition offset by certain assets becoming fully depreciated.
increases in merger and acquisitions costs                    $22                              $15
for more information, see note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
interest expense, net.  net interest expense increased by $65 million in 2014 from 2013 and decreased by $61 million in 2013 from 2012. net interest expense increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of an increase in our weighted average debt outstanding from $13.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 to $15.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 offset by a decrease in our weighted average interest rate from 5.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013 to 5.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we incurred approximately $75 million of interest expense associated with debt which proceeds are currently held in escrow pending consummation of the transactions. net interest expense decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily as a result of a decrease in our weighted average interest rate from 6.5% for the year ended december 31, 2012 to 5.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013 offset by an increase in our weighted average debt outstanding from $13.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012 to $13.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013.
charter operating credit amendment / prepayments       $-                      $58                 $92
for more information, see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net. interest rate derivative instruments are held to manage our interest costs and reduce our exposure to increases in floating interest rates. we recognized a loss of $7 million and a gain of $11 million during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which represents the amortization of accumulated other comprehensive loss for interest rate derivative instruments no longer designated as hedges for accounting purposes offset by their change in fair value. for more information, see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income tax expense. income tax expense of $236 million, $120 million and $257 million was recognized for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily through increases in deferred tax liabilities related to our investment in charter holdco and certain of our indirect subsidiaries, in addition to $3 million, $8 million and $7 million of current federal and state income tax expense, respectively. income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2013 decreased compared to the corresponding prior period, primarily as a result of step-ups in basis of indefinite-lived assets for tax, but not gaap purposes, including the effects of partnership gains related to financing transactions and a partnership restructuring, which decreased our net deferred tax liability related to indefinite-lived assets by $137 million. our tax provision in future periods will vary based on various factors including changes in our deferred tax liabilities attributable to indefinite-lived intangibles, as well as future operating results, however we do not anticipate having such a large reduction in income tax expense attributable to these items unless we enter into restructuring transactions or similar future financing. the ultimate impact on the tax provision of such future financing and restructuring activities, if any, will be dependent on the underlying facts and circumstances at the time.
use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow we use certain measures that are not defined by gaap to evaluate various aspects of our business. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net loss and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with gaap. these terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are reconciled to net loss and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below.
adjusted ebitda is defined as net loss plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, (gain) loss on derivative instruments, net and other operating expenses, such as merger and acquisition costs, special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. as such, it eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. adjusted ebitda is used by management and charter's board of directors to evaluate the performance of our business. however, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect
the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. management evaluates these costs through other financial measures.
free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
we believe that adjusted ebitda and free cash flow provide information useful to investors in assessing our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. in addition, adjusted ebitda generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the united states securities and exchange commission). for the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use adjusted ebitda, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other charter entities. our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of $253 million, $201 million and $191 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
adjusted ebitda                                                 $3,190                $2,858                $2,694
net cash flows from operating activities                        $2,359                $2,158                $1,876
change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures          33                    76                    13
liquidity and capital resources introduction this section contains a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including a discussion of our cash position, sources and uses of cash, access to credit facilities and other financing sources, historical financing activities, cash needs, capital expenditures and outstanding debt.
overview of our contractual obligations and liquidity we have significant amounts of debt, including approximately $7.0 billion which proceeds are currently held in escrow pending consummation of the transactions.  the accreted value of our debt as of december 31, 2014 was $21.0 billion, consisting of $7.2 billion of credit facility debt and $13.8 billion of high-yield notes. our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt.  as of december 31, 2014, $91 million of our long-term debt matures in 2015, $127 million in 2016, $1.1 billion in 2017, $967 million in 2018, $1.5 billion in 2019 and $17.3 billion thereafter. as of december 31, 2014, we had other contractual obligations, including interest on our debt, totaling $9.3 billion.
our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. free cash flow was $171 million, $409 million and $144 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately
$817 million. in addition, a $500 million revolver extension is currently committed and available to charter. the availability of this revolver is not contingent or related to the closing of the transactions. we expect to utilize free cash flow and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of or reduce the principal on our obligations. the timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions. additionally, we may, from time to time, depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings, to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers, or redemption provisions. we believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected operating cash needs.
we continue to evaluate the deployment of our anticipated future free cash flow including to reduce our leverage, and to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. as possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise in our industry, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, clustering or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. however, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisition, disposition or system swap, including the transactions with comcast, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - our inability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, assets, products or technologies could harm our operating results."
free cash flow free cash flow was $171 million, $409 million and $144 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease in free cash flow in 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily due to an increase of $396 million in capital expenditures primarily driven by our all-digital transition, an increase of $87 million in cash paid for interest, changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the change in accrued interest, that provided $52 million less cash during 2014 and an increase of $22 million in merger and acquisition costs. the increase in cash paid for interest includes approximately $52 million related to debt which proceeds are currently held in escrow pending consummation of the transactions. the decrease in free cash flow was offset by an increase of $332 million in adjusted ebitda.
the increase in free cash flow in 2013 compared to 2012 is primarily due to an increase of $164 million in adjusted ebitda, a decrease of $141 million in cash paid for interest due to a decrease in our average interest rate and timing of interest payments with the completion of refinancings, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the change in accrued interest, that provided $31 million more cash during 2013. the increase in free cash flow was offset by an increase of $80 million in capital expenditures of which $30 million was related to bresnan.
principal amount              accreted value (a)   semi-annual interest payment dates   maturity date (b)
credit facilities               3,742                          3,709                                                            varies cco safari, llc (an unrestricted subsidiary):
credit facility               3,500                          3,483                                                         9/12/2021
(a)   the accreted values presented above represent the principal amount of the debt less the original issue discount at the time of sale, plus the accretion to the balance sheet date. however, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. we have availability under our credit facilities of approximately $817 million as of december 31, 2014. in addition, a $500 million revolver extension is currently committed and available to charter. the availability of this revolver is not contingent or related to the closing of the transactions.
(b)   in general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest. for additional information see "description of our outstanding debt" below.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment obligations as of december 31, 2014 under our long-term debt and certain other contractual obligations and commitments (dollars in millions.)
capital and operating lease obligations (c)               169                      43                      74                   41                       11
programming minimum commitments (d)                       795                     271                     491                   19                       14
(a)   the table presents maturities of long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014, including approximately $7.0 billion of debt which proceeds are currently held in escrow pending consummation of the transactions. refer to notes 8 and 18 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a description of our long-term debt and other contractual obligations and commitments.
(c)   we lease certain facilities and equipment under noncancelable operating leases. leases and rental costs charged to expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, were $43 million, $34 million and $28 million, respectively.
(d)   we pay programming fees under multi-year contracts ranging from three to ten years, typically based on a flat fee per customer, which may be fixed for the term, or may in some cases escalate over the term. programming costs included in the accompanying statement of operations were approximately $2.5 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. certain of our programming agreements are based on a flat fee per month or have guaranteed minimum payments. the table sets forth the aggregate guaranteed minimum commitments under our programming contracts.
(e)   "other" represents other guaranteed minimum commitments, which consist primarily of commitments to our customer premise equipment vendors.
the following items are not included in the contractual obligations table because the obligations are not fixed and/or determinable due to various factors discussed below. however, we incur these costs as part of our operations:
•   we rent utility poles used in our operations. generally, pole rentals are cancelable on short notice, but we anticipate that such rentals will recur. rent expense incurred for pole rental attachments for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $49 million, $49 million and $47 million, respectively.
•   we also have $85 million in letters of credit, primarily to our various worker's compensation, property and casualty, and general liability carriers, as collateral for reimbursement of claims.
limitations on distributions distributions by charter's subsidiaries to a parent company for payment of principal on parent company notes are restricted under indentures and credit facilities governing our indebtedness, unless there is no default under the applicable indenture and credit facilities, and unless each applicable subsidiary's leverage ratio test is met at the time of such distribution. as of december 31, 2014, there was no default under any of these indentures or credit facilities and each subsidiary met its applicable leverage ratio
tests based on december 31, 2014 financial results. such distributions would be restricted, however, if any such subsidiary fails to meet these tests at the time of the contemplated distribution. in the past, certain subsidiaries have from time to time failed to meet their leverage ratio test. there can be no assurance that they will satisfy these tests at the time of the contemplated distribution. distributions by charter operating for payment of principal on cco holdings' notes or ccoh safari notes are further restricted by the covenants in its credit facilities.
in addition to the limitation on distributions under the various indentures discussed above, distributions by our subsidiaries may be limited by applicable law, including the delaware limited liability company act, under which our subsidiaries may only make distributions if they have "surplus" as defined in the act.
historical operating, investing, and financing activities cash and cash equivalents. we held $3 million and $21 million in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we held $7.1 billion in restricted cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2014.
operating activities.  net cash provided by operating activities increased $201 million from $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013 to $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to an increase in adjusted ebitda of $332 million offset by an $87 million increase in cash paid for interest and a $22 million increase in merger and acquisition costs.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $282 million from $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2012 to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to an increase in adjusted ebitda of $164 million and a $141 million decrease in our cash paid for interest offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the change in accrued interest and in liabilities related to capital expenditures, that provided $32 million less cash during 2013.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, was $9.3 billion, $2.4 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. the increase in 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily due to the investment of $7.1 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of the term loan g and ccoh safari notes in long-term restricted cash and cash equivalents and higher capital expenditures offset by $676 million cash paid for the bresnan acquisition (net of debt assumed) in 2013. the increase in 2013 compared to 2012 is primarily due to $676 million cash paid for the bresnan acquisition (net of debt assumed) and higher capital expenditures.
financing activities. net cash provided by financing activities was $6.9 billion and $299 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and net cash used in financing activities was $134 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in cash provided during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the corresponding period in 2013, was primarily due to the issuance of the term loan g and ccoh safari notes in 2014. the increase in cash provided during the year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the corresponding period in 2012, was primarily the result of an increase in the amount by which borrowings of long-term debt exceeded repayments of long-term debt and an increase in proceeds from the exercise of options and warrants.
capital expenditures we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements.  capital expenditures were $2.2 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  the increase was driven by approximately $410 million related to our all-digital transition, investment in cpe to support customer growth, higher product development investments and ongoing insourcing initiative and the acquisition of bresnan. see the table below for more details.
we currently expect capital expenditures in 2015 to be approximately $1.7 billion excluding potential expenditures related to the transactions. we anticipate 2015 capital expenditures to be driven by growth in residential and commercial customers along with further spend related to product development. our expected capital expenditures for 2015 are lower than capital expenditures in 2014 due to the completion of our all-digital initiative in 2014. the actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2015 will depend on a number of factors including the pace of transition planning to service a larger customer base upon closing of the transactions.
our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. in addition, our liabilities related to capital expenditures increased by $33 million, $76 million and $13 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
the following table presents our major capital expenditures categories in accordance with ncta disclosure guidelines for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. the disclosure is intended to provide more consistency in the reporting of capital expenditures among peer companies in the cable industry. these disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under gaap, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under gaap (dollars in millions):
support capital (e)                    341                   230                   159
total capital expenditures (f)      $2,221                $1,825                $1,745
(a)   customer premise equipment includes costs incurred at the customer residence to secure new customers and revenue generating units, including customer installation costs and customer premise equipment (e.g., set-top boxes and cable modems).
(b)   scalable infrastructure includes costs not related to customer premise equipment, to secure growth of new customers and revenue generating units, or provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment).
(c)   line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering).
(e)   support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets due to technological and physical obsolescence (e.g., non-network equipment, land, buildings and vehicles).
(f)   total capital expenditures include $410 million and $88 million related to our all-digital transition for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 and $242 million, $300 million and $269 million related to commercial services for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
description of our outstanding debt overview as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the blended weighted average interest rate on our debt was 5.4% and 5.6%, respectively. the interest rate on approximately 72% and 84% of the total principal amount of our debt was effectively fixed, including the effects of our interest rate hedge agreements as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and including $7.0 billion of debt which proceeds are currently held in escrow pending consummation of the transactions as of december 31, 2014. the fair value of our high-yield notes was $14.2 billion and $10.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the fair value of our credit facilities was $7.2 billion and $3.8 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the fair value of our high-yield notes and credit facilities were based on quoted market prices.
the following description is a summary of certain provisions of our credit facilities and our note indentures (the "debt agreements"). the summary does not restate the terms of the debt agreements in their entirety, nor does it describe all the terms of the debt agreements. the agreements and instruments governing each of the debt agreements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments for more detailed information regarding the debt agreements.
charter operating credit facilities - general the charter operating credit facilities have an outstanding principal amount of $3.7 billion at december 31, 2014 as follows:
•   a term loan a with a remaining principal amount of $684 million, which is repayable in quarterly installments and aggregating $38 million in 2015, $66 million in 2016 and $75 million in 2017, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on april 22, 2018;
•   a term loan e with a remaining principal amount of approximately $1.5 billion, which is repayable in equal quarterly installments and aggregating $15 million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on july 1, 2020;
•   a term loan f with a remaining principal amount of approximately $1.2 billion, which is repayable in equal quarterly installments and aggregating $12 million in each loan year, with the remaining balance due at final maturity on january 3, 2021; and
•   a revolving loan with an outstanding balance of $399 million at december 31, 2014 and allowing for borrowings of up to $1.3 billion, maturing on april 22, 2018.
amounts outstanding under the charter operating credit facilities bear interest, at charter operating's election, at a base rate or libor, as defined, plus a margin. the applicable libor margin for the term loan a is currently 2.00%. the term loans e and f bear interest at libor plus 2.25%, with a libor floor of 0.75%. charter operating pays interest equal to libor plus 2.00% on amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility and pays a revolving commitment fee of 0.30% per annum on the daily average available amount of the revolving commitment, payable quarterly.
the charter operating credit facilities also allow us to enter into incremental term loans in the future (including the incremental term loan a-2 described below), with amortization as set forth in the notices establishing such term loans. although the charter operating credit facilities allow for the incurrence of a certain amount of incremental term loans subject to pro-forma compliance with its financial maintenance covenants, no assurance can be given that we could obtain additional incremental term loans in the future if charter operating sought to do so or what amount of incremental term loans would be allowable at any given time under the terms of the charter operating credit facilities.
as previously announced in july 2014, charter operating received a commitment from certain lenders to provide up to $1.0 billion in an incremental term loan a-2. the incremental term loan a-2 loan forms a portion of the incremental facilities commitments that would be used to fund the purchase of certain assets pursuant to the transaction. if issued, such term loan a-2 loan would be issued under the charter operating credit facilities, would have a five year maturity and would bear interest at libor plus 2.00%.
the obligations of charter operating under the charter operating credit facilities are guaranteed by charter operating's immediate parent company, cco holdings, and subsidiaries of charter operating. the obligations are also secured by (i) a lien on substantially all of the assets of charter operating and its subsidiaries (excluding cco safari), to the extent such lien can be perfected under the uniform commercial code by the filing of a financing statement, and (ii) a pledge by cco holdings of the equity interests owned by it in charter operating or any of charter operating's subsidiaries, as well as intercompany obligations owing to it by any of such entities.
cco safari credit facility - general in september 2014, charter operating entered into a new term loan g facility pursuant to the terms of the charter operating credit agreement providing for a $3.5 billion term loan maturing in 2021. pricing on the term loan g was set at libor plus 3.50% with a libor floor of 0.75% and issued at a price of 99.50% of the aggregate principal amount. the term loan g forms a portion of the incremental facilities commitments as announced by us in july 2014 that will be used to fund the purchase of certain assets pursuant to the transactions. charter operating assigned all of its obligations with respect to the term loan g and transferred all of the proceeds from the term loan g to a newly-created subsidiary, cco safari, which is considered a non-recourse subsidiary under charter operating's credit agreement, and cco safari placed the funds in an escrow account pending closing of the transactions over which the administrative agent has a perfected first priority security interest on behalf of the lenders that are a party to the cco safari credit facility. the amounts borrowed under the term loan g facility are not considered when calculating the leverage ratio on the cco holdings indentures as cco safari has been designated as an unrestricted subsidiary under the cco holdings indenture. at closing of the transactions, subject to certain conditions, charter operating will re-assume the obligations in respect of the term loan g under the charter operating credit agreement and the term loan g will be subject to the terms and conditions of the charter operating credit facilities. such amounts, along with required original issuance discount and one month of interest, were placed in escrow and classified as noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014. to the extent the transactions do not close, such amounts placed in escrow must be used to settle amounts outstanding under the term loan g. see "part i. item i. business - transactions with comcast."
charter operating credit facilities - restrictive covenants the charter operating credit facilities contain representations and warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type. the financial covenants measure performance against standards set for leverage to be tested as of the end of each quarter. the charter operating credit facilities contain provisions requiring mandatory loan prepayments under specific circumstances, including in connection with certain sales of assets, so long as the proceeds have not been reinvested in the business. additionally, the charter operating credit facilities provisions contain an allowance for restricted payments so long as the consolidated leverage ratio at charter operating (excludes debt of cco safari since it is a non-recourse subsidiary) is no greater
than 3.5 after giving pro forma effect to such restricted payment. the charter operating credit facilities permit charter operating and its subsidiaries to make distributions to pay interest on the currently outstanding subordinated and parent company indebtedness, provided that, among other things, no default has occurred and is continuing under the charter operating credit facilities.
the events of default under the charter operating credit facilities include, among other things:
•   the failure to make payments when due or within the applicable grace period;
•   the failure to comply with specified covenants including the covenant to maintain the consolidated leverage ratio at charter operating (excluding debt of cco safari since it is a non-recourse subsidiary) at or below 5.0 to 1.0 and the consolidated first lien leverage ratio at or below 4.0 to 1.0;
•   the failure to pay or the occurrence of events that cause or permit the acceleration of other indebtedness owing by cco holdings, charter operating, or charter operating's subsidiaries in aggregate principal amounts in excess of $100 million; and
at december 31, 2014, charter operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 1.3 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0. both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the charter operating credit facilities. a failure by charter operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the charter operating credit facilities and the debt of cco holdings. see "- cross acceleration" and "part i. item 1a. risk factors - the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity."
cco safari credit facility - restrictive covenants the term loan g is subject to the terms and conditions of a separate credit facility and escrow agreement until charter operating reassumes its obligations for the loan. the cco safari credit facility contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants with limited negative covenants prohibiting cco safari from engaging in any material activities other than performing its obligations under the credit facility and the escrow agreement or otherwise issuing other indebtedness pursuant to escrow arrangements similar to the cco safari credit facility and escrow agreement. as required by the cco safari credit facility, cco safari, bank of america, n.a., and u.s. bank, n.a., as escrow agent, entered into an escrow agreement pursuant to which, cco safari is required to maintain an escrow account over which the administrative agent has a perfected first priority security interest on behalf of the cco safari credit facility lenders. the events of default under the cco safari credit facility include, among others:
•   the failure to make payments when due or within the applicable grace period;
•   any acceleration of the loans and termination of the commitments under the charter operating credit facilities; and
•   the escrow agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect or the lien in the escrow account shall cease to be enforceable with the same effect and priority.
ccoh safari notes in october 2014, charter created ccoh safari as a 100% wholly-owned indirect finance subsidiary of charter. in november 2014, ccoh safari, closed on transactions in which it issued $1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.50% senior notes due 2022 and $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior notes due 2024. the net proceeds of the offering and sale of the ccoh safari notes and the next semi-annual interest payment will be held in escrow to fund a portion of the purchase of certain assets pursuant to the transactions. the release of the proceeds from the escrow will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the closing of the transactions. substantially concurrently with the escrow release, the ccoh safari notes will become obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital. ccoh safari will merge into cco holdings. should the transactions agreement be terminated prior to the consummation of the transactions, or upon expiration of the escrow agreement on november 5, 2015, such amounts placed in escrow must be used to settle amounts outstanding under the ccoh safari notes at par value. the amounts held in escrow are classified as noncurrent restricted cash and cash equivalents in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014. see "part i. item i. business - transactions with comcast."
initially, the ccoh safari notes are senior debt obligations of ccoh safari. upon release of the proceeds from escrow, the ccoh safari notes will be senior debt obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. and rank equally with all other current and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp.  the ccoh
safari notes are structurally subordinated to all obligations of subsidiaries of cco holdings, including the charter operating and cco safari credit facilities. the ccoh safari notes are guaranteed by charter.
cco holdings notes the cco holdings notes are senior debt obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. such notes are guaranteed by charter. they rank equally with all other current and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. they are structurally subordinated to all obligations of subsidiaries of cco holdings, including the charter operating credit facilities.
redemption provisions of our notes the various notes issued by our subsidiaries included in the table may be redeemed in accordance with the following table or are not redeemable until maturity as indicated:
summary of restrictive covenants of our note indentures the following description is a summary of certain restrictions of our note indentures. the summary does not restate the terms of the note indentures in their entirety, nor does it describe all restrictions. the agreements and instruments governing each of the notes issued are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments for more detailed information regarding the notes issued.
the ccoh safari notes were issued pursuant to a base indenture and a first and second supplemental indenture to that base all dated november 5, 2014 (the "ccoh safari indentures"). the ccoh safari indentures provide that, with limited exceptions of covenants regarding compliance certificates and stay, extension and usury laws, covenants restricting the activities of the note issuer and its subsidiaries do not apply until such time as the ccoh safari note proceeds are released from escrow. as stated previously, substantially concurrently with the escrow release, the ccoh safari notes will become obligations of cco holdings and cco holdings capital, ccoh safari will merge with cco holdings and the terms and conditions of the ccoh safari indentures will apply to cco holdings and cco holdings capital.
the notes issued by cco holdings and cco holdings capital were issued pursuant to certain indentures referred to in this section as the "cco holdings indentures." the cco holdings indentures and the ccoh safari indentures (following the release of proceeds from escrow) contain covenants that restrict the ability of cco holdings and its subsidiaries to, among other things:
•   pay dividends or make distributions in respect of capital stock and other restricted payments;
•   issue equity;
•   create restrictions on the ability of restricted subsidiaries to make certain payments; or
•   enter into transactions with affiliates.
restrictions on additional debt the limitations on incurrence of debt and issuance of preferred stock contained in the cco holdings indentures and the ccoh safari indentures permit cco holdings and its restricted subsidiaries to incur additional debt or issue preferred stock, so long as, after giving pro forma effect to the incurrence, the leverage ratio would be below a specified level for cco holdings. the leverage ratio under the indentures is 6.0 to 1.
in addition, regardless of whether the leverage ratio could be met, so long as no default exists or would result from the incurrence or issuance, cco holdings and its restricted subsidiaries are permitted to issue among other permitted indebtedness:
•   up to $1.5 billion of debt under credit facilities not otherwise allocated;
and 5% of consolidated net tangible assets to finance the purchase or capital lease of new assets;
and 5% of consolidated net tangible assets of additional debt for any purpose; and
•   other items of indebtedness for specific purposes such as intercompany debt, refinancing of existing debt, and interest rate swaps to provide protection against fluctuation in interest rates.
indebtedness under a single facility or agreement may be incurred in part under one of the categories listed above and in part under another, and generally may also later be reclassified into another category including as debt incurred under the leverage ratio. accordingly, indebtedness under our credit facilities may be incurred under a combination of the categories of permitted indebtedness listed above. the restricted subsidiaries of cco holdings are generally not permitted to issue subordinated debt securities.
restrictions on distributions generally, under the indentures governing notes issued by cco holdings and ccoh safari, cco holdings and its respective restricted subsidiaries are permitted to pay dividends on or repurchase equity interests, or make other specified restricted payments, only if it can incur $1.00 of new debt under the 6.0 to 1.0 leverage ratio test after giving effect to the transaction and if no default exists or would exist as a consequence of such incurrence. if those conditions are met, restricted payments may be made in a total amount of up to the sum of 100% of cco holdings' consolidated ebitda, as defined, minus 1.3 times its consolidated interest expense, as defined, cumulatively from april 1, 2010, plus 100% of new cash and appraised non-cash equity proceeds received by cco holdings and not allocated to certain investments, cumulatively from the issue date, plus $2 billion.
in addition, cco holdings may make distributions or restricted payments, so long as no default exists or would be caused by transactions among other distributions or restricted payments:
•   to repurchase management equity interests in amounts not to exceed $10 million per fiscal year (or $50 million per fiscal year in the case of notes issued under the ccoh safari indentures);
•   to pay pass-through tax liabilities in respect of ownership of equity interests in the applicable issuer or its restricted subsidiaries; or
•   to make other specified restricted payments including merger fees up to 1.25% of the transaction value, repurchases using concurrent new issuances, and certain dividends on existing subsidiary preferred equity interests.
restrictions on investments cco holdings and its respective restricted subsidiaries may not make investments except (i) permitted investments or (ii) if, after giving effect to the transaction, their leverage would be above the applicable leverage ratio.
permitted investments include, among others:
•   investments aggregating up to 100% of new cash equity proceeds received by cco holdings since the issue date to the extent the proceeds have not been allocated to the restricted payments covenant.
restrictions on liens the restrictions on liens for cco holdings only apply to liens on assets of the issuer itself and do not restrict liens on assets of cco holdings' subsidiaries. permitted liens include liens securing indebtedness and other obligations under credit facilities, liens securing the purchase price of financed new assets, liens securing indebtedness of up to the greater of $50 million (or $90 million in the case of notes issued under the ccoh safari indentures) and 1.0% of consolidated net tangible assets and other specified liens.
restrictions on the sale of assets; mergers cco holdings is generally not permitted to sell all or substantially all of its assets or merge with or into other companies unless its leverage ratio after any such transaction would be no greater than its leverage ratio immediately prior to the transaction, or unless after giving effect to the transaction, leverage would be below 6.0 to 1.0, no default exists, and the surviving entity is a u.s. entity that assumes the applicable notes.
cco holdings and its restricted subsidiaries may generally not otherwise sell assets or, in the case of restricted subsidiaries, issue equity interests, in excess of $100 million unless they receive consideration at least equal to the fair market value of the assets or equity interests, consisting of at least 75% in cash, assumption of liabilities, securities converted into cash within 60 days, or productive assets. cco holdings and its restricted subsidiaries are then required within 365 days after any asset sale either to use or commit to use the net cash proceeds over a specified threshold to acquire assets used or useful in their businesses or use the net cash proceeds to repay specified debt, or to offer to repurchase the issuer's notes with any remaining proceeds.
prohibitions on restricting dividends cco holdings' restricted subsidiaries may generally not enter into arrangements involving restrictions on their ability to make dividends or distributions or transfer assets to cco holdings unless those restrictions with respect to financing arrangements are on terms that are no more restrictive than those governing the credit facilities existing when they entered into the applicable indentures or are not materially more restrictive than customary terms in comparable financings and will not materially impair cco holdings' ability to make payments on the notes.
affiliate transactions the cco holdings indentures and ccoh safari indentures also restrict the ability of cco holdings and its restricted subsidiaries to enter into certain transactions with affiliates involving consideration in excess of $25 million without a determination by the board of directors that the transaction complies with this covenant, or transactions with affiliates involving over $100 million without receiving an opinion as to the fairness to the holders of such transaction from a financial point of view issued by an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of national standing.
cross acceleration the cco holdings indentures and ccoh safari indentures include various events of default, including cross acceleration provisions. under these provisions, a failure by cco holdings or any of its restricted subsidiaries to pay at the final maturity thereof the principal amount of other indebtedness having a principal amount of $100 million or more (or any other default under any such indebtedness resulting in its acceleration) would result in an event of default under the indenture governing the applicable notes. as a result, an event of default related to the failure to repay principal at maturity or the acceleration of the indebtedness under the notes issued under the cco holdings indentures or the ccoh safari indentures or the charter operating credit facilities could cause cross-defaults under all outstanding indentures.
recently issued accounting standards in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update no. 2014-08, presentation of financial statements and property, plant, and equipment: reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity ("asu 2014-08"). asu 2014-08 changes the criteria for reporting a discontinued operation. under the new guidance, a disposed component of an organization that represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on its operations and financial results is a discontinued operation. for disposals of individually significant components that do not qualify for discontinued operations presentation, an entity must disclose pre-tax profit or loss of the disposed component. asu 2014-08 requires prospective application to all disposals that are classified as held for sale and that occur within annual and interim periods beginning on or after december 15, 2014, with earlier application permitted for disposals that have not been reported in
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09"), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap when it becomes effective. the effective date of asu 2014-09 is fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years, with earlier adoption prohibited. companies can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of asu 2014-09 to our consolidated financial statements.