item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is organized as follows:
•   executive summary: includes an overview of our business; current economic, competitive and regulatory trends relevant to our business; our current business strategy; and our primary sources of operating and non-operating revenues and expenses.
•   critical accounting policies: provides an explanation of accounting policies which may have a significant impact on our financial results and the estimates, assumptions and risks associated with those policies.
•   recent accounting pronouncements: includes an evaluation of recent accounting pronouncements and the potential impact of their future adoption on our financial results.
•   results of operations: includes an analysis of our 2014, 2013 and 2012 financial results and a discussion of any known events or trends which are likely to impact future results.
•   liquidity and capital resources: includes a discussion of our future cash requirements, capital resources, significant planned expenditures and financing arrangements.
in march 2010, the board of trade of the city of chicago, inc. (cbot) acquired a 90% ownership interest in cme group index services llc (index services), a business venture with dow jones & company (dow jones). the discussion and analysis that follow includes the financial results of index services beginning march 19, 2010. in april 2013, cbot purchased the remaining 10% non-controlling interest in index services.
in june 2012, cbot contributed certain assets and liabilities (dji asset group) owned by index services to s&p/dow jones indices llc (s&p/dji), a new business venture with the mcgraw-hill companies inc. (mcgraw). in addition, credit market analysis ltd. (cma) was sold to mcgraw as part of this transaction. the discussion and analysis that follows excludes the assets and liabilities disposed of as part of this transaction with mcgraw beginning june 30, 2012.
in november 2012, cbot acquired the board of trade of kansas city, missouri, inc. (kcbt), including its wholly-owned clearing house, kansas city board of trade clearing corporation (kcbtcc) and its 51% controlling interest in board of trade investment company (botic). the discussion and analysis that follows includes the financial results of kcbt beginning november 30, 2012.
references in this discussion and analysis to "we" and "our" are to cme group inc. (cme group) and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. references to "exchange" are to chicago mercantile exchange inc. (cme), cbot, new york mercantile exchange, inc. (nymex), commodity exchange, inc. (comex), cme clearing europe limited (cmece) and cme europe limited (cme europe), collectively, unless otherwise noted.
overview business overview cme group, a delaware stock corporation, is the holding company for cme, cbot, nymex, comex and their respective subsidiaries as well as cmece and cme europe. the holding company structure is designed to provide strategic and operational flexibility. cme group's class a common stock is listed on the nasdaq global select market (nasdaq) under the ticker symbol "cme."
our exchange consists of designated contract markets for the trading of futures and options on futures contracts. we also clear futures, options on futures and swaps contracts through our two clearing organizations: cme clearing, which is a division of cme, and cmece. futures contracts, options on futures contracts and swaps contracts provide investors with vehicles for protecting against, and potentially profiting from, price changes in financial instruments and physical commodities.
we are a global exchange with customer access available virtually all over the world. our customers consist of professional traders, financial institutions, individual and institutional investors, major corporations, manufacturers, producers and governments. customers include both members of the exchange and non-members.
we offer our customers the opportunity to trade futures contracts and options on futures contracts on a range of products including those based on interest rates, equities, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy and metals. we also clear swaps contracts on a range of products including those based on interest rates, credit default, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy and metals.
our products provide a means for hedging, speculating and allocating assets. we identify new products by monitoring economic trends and their impact on the risk management and speculative needs of our existing and prospective customers.
most of our products are available for trading through our electronic trading platform and our open outcry trading floors. these execution facilities offer our customers immediate trade execution and price transparency. in addition, trades can be executed through privately negotiated transactions that are cleared and settled through our cme and cmece clearing houses.
our clearing houses clear, settle and guarantee futures and options contracts traded through our exchange, in addition to cleared swaps products. our clearing houses' performance guarantee is an important function of our business. because of this guarantee, our customers do not need to evaluate the credit of each potential counterparty or limit themselves to a selected set of counterparties. this flexibility increases the potential liquidity available for each trade. additionally, the substitution of our clearing houses as the counterparty to every transaction allows our customers to establish a position with one party and offset the position with another party. this contract offsetting process provides our customers with flexibility in establishing and adjusting positions and provides for collateral and margining efficiencies.
in addition, cme serves as a swap execution facility, which is a regulated platform for swap trading, and serves as a swap data repository, which provides public data on swap transactions and stores confidential swap data for regulatory purposes.
business trends economic environment. our customers continue to use our markets as an effective and transparent means to manage risk and meet their investment needs despite recent economic uncertainty and volatility. in recent years, trading activity in our centralized markets has fluctuated due to the ongoing uncertainty in the financial markets caused by the united states and european credit crises, fluctuations in the availability of credit, variations in the amount of assets under management as well as the federal reserve bank's continued zero interest rate policy and quantitative easing. we continue to maintain high quality and diverse products as well as various clearing and market data services which support our customers in any economic environment.
competitive environment. our industry is competitive and we continue to encounter competition in all aspects of our business. we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of recent regulatory reforms in the financial services industry. competition is influenced by our reputation, the efficiency and security of our services, depth and liquidity of our markets, breadth of product offerings including rate and quality of new product development, our ability to position and expand upon existing products, transparency, reliability and anonymity of transaction processing, the regulatory environment, efficient and innovative technology and connectivity as well as transaction costs. we believe we are very well situated with respect to these factors. we now face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; over-the-counter markets; clearing organizations; consortia formed by our members and large market participants; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers, and others. as markets continue to evolve, we will continue to adapt our trading technology and clearing services to meet the needs of our customers.
regulatory environment. exchange-traded derivatives have historically been subject to extensive regulation. as a result of the widespread difficulties across the economy over recent years, various domestic and foreign governments have undertaken reviews of the existing legal framework governing financial markets and have either passed new laws and regulations or are in the process of enacting new laws and regulations that will apply to our business. compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources which could adversely affect our profitability.
our futures exchanges and our u.s. clearing house are subject to extensive regulation by the commodity futures trading commission (cftc), which carries out the regulation of the futures markets in accordance with the provisions of the commodity exchange act, the commodity futures modernization act and the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank). over the last four years, a number of regulations to implement dodd-frank were finalized. while we believe that the new regulations will provide opportunities for our business, the new regulations remain subject to additional rulemaking by various regulators. our u.s. clearing house has been designated by the cftc as a systemically important derivatives clearing organization, which imposes various new procedural and substantive requirements. our u.s. swap data repository service and swap execution facility are also subject to the requirements of the commodity exchange act and the regulations of the cftc. we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the provisions of dodd-frank and any new regulations.
as a global company with operations and locations around the world, we are also subject to laws and regulations in foreign locations where we do business. the financial services industry in europe has recently undergone regulatory reform and a re-organization of its regulatory framework. our european operations are now overseen by several regulators, including the bank of england, the financial conduct authority (fca) and the european securities market authority (esma). we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the new regulations in europe.
business strategy our strategy focuses on leveraging our benchmark products, enhancing our customer relations, expanding our customer base, advancing our clearing and trading technologies and deriving benefits from our integrated clearing houses as well as our scalable infrastructure. we focus specifically on opportunities created by increased market awareness and acceptance of derivatives, increased price volatility, technological advances and the increasing need for counterparty risk mitigation and clearing services. this strategy allows us to continue to develop into a more broadly diversified financial exchange that provides trading and clearing solutions across a wide range of products and asset classes. we believe that we can build on our competitive strengths by executing on the following initiatives:
•   lead core business innovation by continuing to enhance our customer relations to allow us to further cross-sell our products, expand on the strength of our existing benchmark products, launch new products and deepen open interest in our core futures offerings;
•   globalize our company and business by expanding and diversifying our customer base worldwide and offering customers around the world the most broadly diversified portfolio of benchmark products, increasing our presence in major international financial centers as well as partnering with leading exchanges around the world to make their products available on or through our cme globex electronic trading platform. we have also extended our european presence through cmece and cme europe;
•   expand our existing customer base and enhance our products and services offerings to meet their risk management needs by targeting cross asset sales, driving international sales and generating new client participation across the world;
•   extend our capabilities and business in the swaps markets by providing a comprehensive multi-asset class clearing solution to the market for maximum operational ease and capital efficiency. we remain focused on new customer onboarding for swaps clearing services, expanding our cleared swaps product offerings and working with the buy- and sell-sides to meet their needs for real-time clearing, risk management and data reporting as market participants move from a compliance phase to an optimization phase; and
•   establish ourselves as the leading exchange company provider of information products and index services and enhance our intellectual property portfolio. our business venture with mcgraw well positions us to serve global institutional and retail customers and allows us to continue to be innovative with product development and co-branding across asset classes.
revenues clearing and transaction fees. a majority of our revenue is derived from clearing and transaction fees, which include electronic trading fees, surcharges for privately negotiated transactions and other volume-related charges for exchange-traded and cleared swaps contracts. because clearing and transaction fees are assessed on a per-contract or notional value basis, revenues and profitability fluctuate with changes in contract volume. in addition to the business trends noted earlier, our contract volume, and consequently our revenues, tend to increase during periods of economic and geopolitical uncertainty as our customers seek to manage their exposure to, or speculate on, the market volatility resulting from that uncertainty.
while volume has the most significant impact on our clearing and transaction fees revenue, there are four other factors that also influence this source of revenues:
•   the percentage of trades executed by customers who are members compared with non-member customers.
rate structure. customers benefit from volume discounts and limits on fees as part of our effort to increase liquidity in certain products. we offer various incentive programs to promote trading and clearing in various products and geographic locations. we may periodically change fees, volume discounts, fee limits and member discounts, perhaps significantly, based on our review of operations and the business environment.
product mix. we offer exchange-traded futures and options on futures contracts as well as cleared-only swap contracts on a wide-ranging set of products based on interest rates, equities, foreign exchange, agricultural commodities, energy, metals and credit default. rates are varied by product in order to optimize revenue on existing products and to encourage contract volume upon introduction of new products.
venue. our exchange is an international marketplace that brings together buyers and sellers mainly through our electronic trading as well as through open outcry trading and privately negotiated transactions. any customer who is guaranteed by a
clearing firm and who agrees to be bound by our exchange rules is able to obtain direct access to our electronic platforms. open outcry trading is conducted exclusively by our members, who may execute trades on behalf of customers or for themselves.
typically, customers submitting trades through our electronic platforms are charged fees for using the platforms in addition to the fees assessed on all transactions executed on our exchange. customers entering into privately negotiated transactions also incur additional charges beyond the fees assessed on other transactions. privately negotiated transactions include block trades, which are large transactions that are executed between selected parties off the public auction market on cme globex or the trading floor. privately negotiated transactions also include volume submitted through cme clearport.
member/non-member mix. generally, member customers are charged lower fees than our non-member customers. holding all other factors constant, revenue decreases if the percentage of trades executed by members increases, and increases if the percentage of non-member trades increases.
other sources. revenue is also derived from other sources including market data and information services, access and communication fees and various services related to our exchange and building operations.
market data and information services. we receive market data and information services revenue from the dissemination of our market data to subscribers. subscribers can obtain access to our market data services either directly or through third-party distributors.
our service offerings include access to real-time, delayed and end-of-day quotations, trade and summary market data for our products and other data sources. users of our basic service receive real-time quotes and pay a flat monthly fee for each screen, or device, displaying our market data. alternatively, customers can subscribe to market data provided on a limited group of products. the fee for this service is also a flat rate per month.
pricing for our market data services is based on the value of the service provided, our cost structure for the service and the price of comparable services offered by our competitors. increases or decreases in our market data and information services revenue are influenced by changes in our price structure for existing market data offerings, introduction of new market data services and changes in the number of devices in use. general economic factors that affect the financial services industry, which constitutes our primary customer base, also influence revenue from our market data services.
access and communication fees. access and communication fees are charges to members and clearing firms that utilize our various telecommunications networks and communications services. our communication services include our co-location program as well as the connectivity charges to customers of the cme globex platform. our co-location services were launched in january 2012. access fee revenue varies depending on the type of connection provided to customers.
other revenues. other revenues include fees for administrating our interest earning facility (ief) program, trade order routing through agreements from various strategic relationships and other services to members and clearing firms. we offer clearing firms the opportunity to invest cash performance bonds in our various ief offerings. these clearing firms receive interest income, and we receive a fee based on total funds on deposit.
to further diversify the range of services we offer, we have entered into processing and development agreements with other exchanges and service organizations. for example, we have an agreement with bm&fbovespa s.a (bm&fbovespa) to develop a new multi-asset class electronic trading platform for their customers. we recognized revenue under this agreement as services were provided and when developed technology was delivered.
in addition, other revenues include trading gains and losses generated by gfx corporation (gfx), our wholly-owned subsidiary that trades futures contracts in a fully hedged book to enhance liquidity in our electronic markets for certain products. lastly, other revenues include rent charged to third party tenants as well as ancillary charges for utilities, parking and miscellaneous services provided to tenants.
expenses the majority of our expenses do not vary directly with changes in our contract volume. however, licensing and other fee agreements can vary directly with certain equity contract and swap volumes as well as the majority of our employee bonuses vary directly with overall contract volume.
compensation and benefits. compensation and benefits expense is our most significant expense and includes employee wages, bonuses, stock-based compensation, benefits and employer taxes. changes in this expense are driven by fluctuations in the number of employees, increases in wages as a result of inflation or labor market conditions, changes in rates for employer taxes and other cost increases affecting benefit plans. in addition, this expense is affected by the composition of our work force. the expense associated with our bonus and stock-based compensation plans can also have a significant impact on this expense category and may vary from year to year.
the bonus component of our compensation and benefits expense is based on our financial performance. under the performance criteria of our annual incentive plans, the bonus funded under the plans is based on achieving certain financial performance targets established by the compensation committee of our board of directors. the compensation committee has discretion to make equitable adjustments to the cash earnings performance calculation to reflect effects of unplanned operating results or capital expenditures to meet intermediate- to long-term growth opportunities.
stock-based compensation is a non-cash expense related to stock options, restricted stock and performance share grants. stock-based compensation varies depending on the quantity and fair value of awards granted. the fair value of restricted stock awards and other performance share grants is based on either the share price on the date of the grant or a model of expected future stock prices. the fair value of options is derived using the black-scholes model with assumptions about our dividend yield, the expected volatility of our stock price based on an analysis of implied and historical volatility, the risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the options granted.
professional fees and outside services. this expense includes fees for consulting services received on strategic and technology initiatives, temporary labor as well as legal and accounting fees. this expense may fluctuate as a result of changes in services required to complete initiatives and legal proceedings.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense results from the depreciation of long-lived assets such as buildings, leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment. this expense also includes the amortization of purchased and internally developed software.
other expenses. we incur amortization of intangible assets and additional ongoing expenses for communications, technology support services and various other activities necessary to support our operations.
•   communications expense includes costs for network connections for our electronic platforms and some market data customers; telecommunications costs of our exchange, and fees paid for access to external market data. this expense may be impacted by growth in electronic contract volume, our capacity requirements and changes in the number of telecommunications hubs and connections which allow customers outside the united states to access our electronic platforms directly.
•   technology support services expense consist of costs related to maintenance of the hardware and software required to support our technology. our technology support services costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements.
•   amortization of purchased intangibles includes amortization of intangible assets obtained in our mergers with cbot holdings, inc. and nymex holdings, inc. as well as other asset and business acquisitions. intangible assets subject to amortization consist primarily of clearing firm, market data and other customer relationships.
•   occupancy and building operations expense consists of costs related to leased and owned property including rent, maintenance, real estate taxes, utilities and other related costs. we have significant operations located in chicago, new york, the united kingdom as well as other smaller offices located throughout the world.
•   licensing and other fee agreements expense includes license fees paid as a result of contract volume in equity index products and royalty and broker rebates on energy and metals products as well as revenue sharing on cleared swaps contracts. this expense fluctuates with changes in contract volumes as well as changes in fee structures.
•   other expenses include marketing and travel-related expenses as well as general and administrative costs. marketing, advertising and public relations expense includes media, print and other advertising costs, as well as costs associated with our product promotion. other expenses also include litigation and customer settlements, impairment charges on operating assets, gains and losses on disposals of operating assets, contingent consideration and foreign currency transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in exchange rates on certain foreign deposits.
non-operating income and expenses income and expenses incurred through activities outside of our core operations are considered non-operating. these activities include non-core investing and financing activities.
•   investment income includes dividend income from our strategic equity investments; gains and losses on trading securities in our non-qualified deferred compensation plans; short-term investment of clearing firms' cash performance bonds and guaranty fund contributions as well as excess operating cash; and interest income and realized gains and losses from our marketable securities. investment income is influenced by the amount of dividends distributed by our strategic investments, the availability of funds generated by operations, market interest rates and changes in the levels of cash performance bonds deposited by clearing firms.
•   interest and other borrowing costs include charges associated with various short-term and long-term funding facilities, including commitment fees on line of credit agreements.
•   equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries includes income and losses from our investments in s&amp;p/dji, dubai mercantile exchange and bursa malaysia derivatives berhad.
•   other income (expense) includes the net gain related to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma as well as gains related to our former securities lending program.
critical accounting policies the notes to our consolidated financial statements include disclosure of our significant accounting policies. in establishing these policies within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, management must make certain assessments, estimates and choices that will result in the application of these principles in a manner that appropriately reflects our financial condition and results of operations. critical accounting policies are those policies that we believe present the most complex or subjective measurements and have the most potential to affect our financial position and operating results. while all decisions regarding accounting policies are important, there are certain accounting policies that we consider to be critical. these critical policies, which are presented in detail in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, relate to the valuation of financial instruments, goodwill and intangible assets, revenue recognition, income taxes and internal use software costs.
valuation of financial instruments. fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, or an exit price. we have categorized financial instruments measured at fair value into the following three-level fair value hierarchy based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure the fair value:
•   level 1-inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. assets and liabilities carried at level 1 fair value generally include u.s. treasury securities and investments in publicly traded mutual funds with quoted market prices.
•   level 2-inputs are either directly or indirectly observable and corroborated by market data or are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active. assets and liabilities carried at level 2 fair value generally include asset-backed securities and certain derivatives.
•   level 3-inputs are unobservable and reflect management's best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. assets and liabilities carried at level 3 fair value generally include assets and liabilities with inputs that require management's judgment.
for further discussion regarding the fair value of financial assets and liabilities, see note 19 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets. we review goodwill for impairment on an annual basis and whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill may be tested quantitatively for impairment by comparing the carrying value of a reporting unit to its estimated fair value. estimating the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of valuation techniques that rely on significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions may include forecasted revenue growth rates; forecasted operating margins; risk-adjusted discount rates; forecasted economic and market conditions, and industry multiples. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable given the information that is available to us at the time of our assessment; however, actual future results may differ significantly from those estimates. under certain favorable circumstances, goodwill may be reviewed qualitatively for indications of impairment without utilizing valuation techniques to estimate fair value. the qualitative assessment of goodwill relies on significant assumptions about forecasts of revenue growth, operating margins and economic conditions as well as overall market and industry-specific trends.
we also review indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis or more frequently when events and circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. indefinite-lived intangible assets may be tested quantitatively for impairment by comparing their carrying values to their estimated fair values. estimating the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets involves the use of valuation techniques that rely on significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions may include forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted allocations of expense and risk-adjusted discount rates. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable given the information that is available to us at the time of our assessment; however, actual future results may differ significantly from those estimates. similar to goodwill, under certain favorable circumstances, indefinite-lived intangible assets may be reviewed qualitatively for indications of impairment without utilizing valuation techniques to estimate fair value. the qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangibles assets relies on significant assumptions about forecasts of revenue growth, operating margins and economic conditions as well as overall market and industry-specific trends.
intangible assets subject to amortization are also assessed for impairment when indicated by a change in economic or operational circumstances. the impairment assessment of these assets requires management to first compare the book value of
the amortizing asset to undiscounted cash flows. if the book value exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, management is then required to estimate the fair value of the assets and record an impairment loss for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value.
revenue recognition. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from the clearing and transaction fees we assess on each contract executed through our trading venues and cleared through our clearing houses. clearing and transaction fees are recognized as revenue when a buy and sell order are matched and when the trade is cleared. on occasion, the customer's exchange trading privileges may not be properly entered by the clearing firm and incorrect fees are charged for the transactions in the affected accounts. when this information is corrected within the time period allowed by the exchange, a fee adjustment is provided to the clearing firm. an accrual is established for estimated fee adjustments to reflect corrections to customer exchange trading privileges. the accrual is based on the historical pattern of adjustments processed as well as specific adjustment requests.
income taxes. calculation of the income tax provision includes an estimate of the income taxes that will be paid for the current year as well as an estimate of income tax liabilities or benefits deferred into future years. deferred tax assets are reviewed to determine if they will be realized in future periods. to the extent it is determined that some deferred tax assets may not be fully realized, the assets are reduced to their realizable value by a valuation allowance. the calculation of our tax provision involves uncertainty in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the united states and other applicable foreign tax jurisdictions using a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold based on the technical merits of the tax position taken or expected to be taken. if payment of these amounts varies from our estimate, our income tax provision would be reduced or increased at the time that determination is made. this determination may not be known for several years. past tax audits have not resulted in tax adjustments that would result in a material change to the income tax provision in the year the audit was completed. the effective tax rate, defined as the income tax provision as a percentage of income before income taxes, will vary from year to year based on changes in tax jurisdictions, tax rates and regulations. in addition, the effective tax rate will vary with changes to income that are not subject to income tax and changes in expenses or losses that are not deductible, such as the utilization of foreign net operating losses.
internal use software costs. certain internal and external costs that are incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use are capitalized. software development costs incurred during the planning or maintenance stages of a software project are expensed as incurred, while costs incurred during the application development stage are capitalized and are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, generally three years. amortization of capitalized costs begins only when the software becomes ready for its intended use.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued a new standard on revenue recognition that replaces numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges u.s. accounting with international financial reporting standards. the new standard introduces a framework for recognizing revenue that focuses on the transfer of control rather than risks and rewards. the new standard also requires significant additional disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments, changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. the new standard will become effective in the first annual period beginning after december 15, 2016. this guidance may be adopted using one of two transition methods, which we are still evaluating along with the impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations financial highlights the comparability of our operating results for the periods presented may be impacted by mergers, acquisitions and disposals of businesses and/or asset groups. where material, these impacts are discussed in the analysis that follows.
the following summarizes significant changes in our financial performance for the years presented.
year-over-year change
(dollars in millions, except per share data)                                 2014                  2013                  2012         2014-2013            2013-2012
cash flows from operating activities                                  1,291.4               1,280.5               1,219.7              1                    5
n.m. not meaningful revenues year-over-year change
clearing and transaction fees                 $2,616.3              $2,460.4              $2,371.5              6      %             4      %
market data and information services             356.3                 315.4                 387.1             13                  (19      )
access and communication fees                     82.7                  83.2                  88.8             (1      )            (6      )
clearing and transaction fees the following table summarizes our total contract volume, revenue and average rate per contract. total contract volume includes contracts that are traded on our exchange and cleared through our clearing house and certain cleared-only contracts. volume is measured in round turns, which is considered a completed transaction that involves a purchase and an offsetting sale of a contract. average rate per contract is determined by dividing total clearing and transaction fees by total contract volume. volume and average rate per contract disclosures exclude our trakrs, credit default swaps, interest rate swaps, cmece and cme europe contracts. unless otherwise noted, the following tables also exclude volumes for kcbt prior to january 1, 2013.
year-over-year change
clearing and transaction fees (in millions)      $2,556.7              $2,427.6              $2,365.6             5                    3
we estimate the following increases (decreases) in clearing and transaction fees based on change in total contract volume and change in average rate per contract during 2014 compared with 2013, and during 2013 compared with 2012.
year-over-year change
increases due to change in total contract volume          $209.1                  $208.4
decreases due to change in average rate per contract       (80.0     )            (146.4     )
net increases in clearing and transaction fees            $129.1                   $62.0
average rate per contract is impacted by our rate structure, including volume-based incentives; product mix; trading venue, and the percentage of volume executed by customers who are members compared with non-member customers. due to the relationship between average rate per contract and contract volume, the change in clearing and transaction fees attributable to changes in each is only an approximation.
clearing and transaction fees as presented on the consolidated statements of income include revenues for our cleared-only cme interest rate swap and cme credit default swap contracts. in 2014, 2013 and 2012, clearing and transaction fees generated from these contracts was $59.5 million, $32.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively. the increase in revenue was largely attributable to increases in cme interest rate swap contract volume resulting from the over-the-counter clearing mandate required to be implemented in 2013 by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act.
contract volume the following table summarizes average daily contract volume. contract volume can be influenced by many factors, including political and economic factors, the regulatory environment and market competition.
year-over-year change
equity                                        2,764         2,642         2,560          5                    3
foreign exchange                                803           886           845         (9      )             5
agricultural commodity (1)                    1,120         1,053         1,140          6                   (8      )
(1) the agricultural commodity product line does not include the agricultural commodity contract volume for kcbt in 2012. the average daily volume for kcbt's agricultural commodity contracts was 16,100 during december 2012.
(2) privately negotiated average daily volume includes both traditional block trades, off-exchange trades which were historically categorized as cme clearport (now executed as futures block trades), and exchange for related positions (efrps).
interest rate products the following table summarizes average daily contract volume for our key interest rate products. eurodollar front 8 contracts include contracts expiring within two years. eurodollar back 32 contracts include contracts expiring within three to ten years.
year-over-year change
eurodollar futures and options:
options                                     860          595          551         44                    8
u.s. treasury futures and options:
overall interest rate volumes increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to an increase in volumes for u.s. treasury contracts and eurodollar futures and options contracts, particularly with short-term contracts. we believe the growth was a result of increased volatility driven by changing expectations regarding near-term federal reserve actions. in addition, we believe the growth in eurodollar options volume was attributable to increased sales efforts. despite overall increases in interest rate volumes, treasury bond volumes decreased in 2014 compared with 2013. u.s. treasury volumes were high in the first half
of 2013 due to short periods of high volatility created by the federal reserve's activities with respect to its quantitative easing program.
in 2013 when compared with 2012, overall interest rate contract volume increased largely due to an increase in volume for the eurodollar back 32 futures as well as the 5-year and 10-year u.s. treasury contracts. the increase in volume resulted from periods of high volatility in 2013, particularly in mid and long-term interest rates. we believe the periods of mid- and long-term interest rate volatility were attributable to changes in market expectations regarding the federal reserve's intention to revisit its quantitative easing strategy and to outline an exit strategy from its plan as well as a change in expectations regarding the federal reserve's continued zero interest rate policy.
short-term interest rate volatility remained low in 2013 compared with prior periods due to the federal reserve's ongoing zero interest rate policy. the federal reserve's announcement in may 2013 that tapering might have occurred in 2013 resulted in an increase in short-term interest rate volatility, which contributed to a slight increase in eurodollar front 8 and eurodollar options contracts in 2013 compared with 2012. the federal reserve's announcement had little effect on the 2-year treasury volumes as market participants continued to focus primarily on mid-term contracts, such as the 5-year and 10-year treasury contracts.
equity products the following table summarizes average daily contract volume for our key equity products.
year-over-year change
e-mini s&amp;p 500 futures and options        2,146        2,119        2,016          1      %   5             %
e-mini nasdaq 100 futures and options           312          239          254         30                   (6   )
we believe the increase in overall equity contract volume resulted from geopolitical events in russia and ukraine as well as the middle east that led to periods of relatively high volatility, as measured by the cboe volatility index, in the third quarter of 2014. we believe the increase in volume was also due to a more gradual increase in broad market volatility during the second half of 2014 caused by uncertainty surrounding interest rates and other geopolitical uncertainty. the increase in the e-mini nasdaq-100 contract volume was due to market participants shifting attention to the nasdaq-100 index, which had slightly higher volatility than the s&p 500 throughout most of the year.
equity contract volume increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to periods of higher volatility in early 2013. we believe higher volatility resulted from changes in market expectations regarding the federal reserve's intention to revisit its quantitative easing strategy. we also believe the increase in equity contract volume in 2013 was due to a greater need for equity index futures and options contracts resulting from an increase in assets under management in equity-based funds. the e-mini nasdaq contracts did not benefit from macro-level events or increased general market volatility to the same extent as the e-mini s&p 500 because the e-mini nasdaq contract hedges different market risks than the e-mini s&p 500.
foreign exchange products the following table summarizes average daily contract volume for our key foreign exchange products.
year-over-year change
british pound                111       123       106    (10   )               16
in 2014 when compared with 2013, the overall decrease in foreign exchange contract volumes was attributable to a decrease in exchange rate volatility across all major currencies. we believe subdued expectations regarding interest rate changes across european countries and japan led to a decrease in exchange rate volatility throughout these regions. additionally, we believe allegations regarding possible collusion by certain foreign exchange market participants in other marketplaces had a continued negative impact on overall global foreign exchange product trading during 2014. despite the overall decline in volume for the year, volume did improve during the second half of 2014 largely due to volatility created by global economic uncertainty and geopolitical risk.
the overall increase in foreign exchange contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to an increase in japanese yen and british pound contract volumes. the increase in japanese yen contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was largely due to higher volatility resulting from reduced efforts by the japanese central bank to control yen exchange rates in early 2013. in addition, we believe increased volatility and economic uncertainty within great britain in 2013 contributed to an overall increase in british pound contract volumes in 2013 when compared with 2012. as a result of a decrease in demand for commodity resources in china because of an economic slowdown in the chinese market, demand decreased for currencies from countries that heavily depend on raw material exports, such as the australian dollar and the canadian dollar. we believe the decrease in demand for these currencies resulted in a decrease in volume for the austrian dollar and canadian dollar contracts. additionally, euro contract volume decreased due to lower volatility when compared with 2012 as a result of concerns related to the european credit crisis in 2012.
agricultural commodity products the following table summarizes average daily volume for our key agricultural commodity products.
year-over-year change
(1) the 2012 wheat contract volume does not include volume for kcbt's hard red winter wheat products. the average daily volume for kcbt's agricultural commodity contracts was 16,100 during december 2012.
agricultural commodity contract volume increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to higher wheat contract volume in 2014, which we believe was caused by geopolitical concerns in russia and ukraine. substantial increases in the production of corn and soybeans in 2014 encouraged hedgers to more aggressively seek protection against falling prices, which we believe resulted in an increase in volume.
we believe the overall decline in total agricultural commodity contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to fewer weather-related events in 2013, which resulted in higher grain supplies and movement toward a more normal historical supply and demand environment. the overall decrease in agricultural commodity volume was partially offset by incremental wheat contract volume from the addition of kcbt's hard red winter wheat contract to our product line.
energy products the following table summarizes average daily volume for our key energy products.
year-over-year change
total energy contract volumes decreased slightly in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to a decline in natural gas contract volume, which we believe was attributable to low overall price levels resulting from increasing u.s. energy production. crude oil volume increased in 2014, particularly in the fourth quarter, due to a shift in supply and demand, which resulted in high volatility within the oil markets.
overall energy contract volumes remained flat in 2013 when compared with 2012. we believe crude oil contract volume increased due to improvements in distribution infrastructure. we believe that revisions to our trading volume incentives program also contributed to an increase in crude oil contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012. the decline in natural gas contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to lower volatility due to an increase in domestic supplies above forecasted amounts. additionally, natural gas contract volume declined in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to lower volatility caused by fewer weather-related events in early 2013. the decline in refined products contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012 was due to a decrease in demand in the underlying physical market.
metal products the following table summarizes average daily volume for our key metal products.
year-over-year change
we believe overall metal contract volumes decreased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to lower price volatility. prices remained stable due to a strengthening u.s. dollar and the expectation of an increase in u.s. interest rates. in addition, demand for gold continued to slow due to lower economic growth rates in india and china, which are both large consumers of gold.
total metal contract volume increased in 2013 when compared with 2012. we believe the increase in metal contract volume was driven by periods of high price volatility caused by significant changes in macroeconomic market conditions and market sentiment toward gold and silver products. improving economic conditions in the u.s., the federal reserve's stimulus policy, as well as a change in demand in the asian markets contributed to an increase in copper contract volume in 2013 when compared with 2012.
average rate per contract the average rate per contract decreased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to a shift in the relative mix of product volume. interest rate product volume, when measured as a percentage of total volume, increased by 4 percentage points in 2014, while all other product lines decreased. interest rate contracts have a lower average rate per contract compared with other product lines. in addition, an increase in incentives and discounts on our energy contracts also resulted in a decrease in the average rate per contract in 2014 when compared with 2013.
the decrease in average rate per contract in 2013 when compared with 2012 was attributable to a shift in the relative mix of product volume. in 2013, interest rate product volume, when measured as a percentage of total volume, increased by 5 percentage points, while agricultural commodity product volume decreased by 2 percentage points and equity and energy product volumes decreased by 1 percentage point each when compared with 2012. in addition, the decrease in average rate per contract in 2013 when compared with 2012 resulted from an increase in incentives and discounts on our energy contracts.
concentration of revenue we bill a substantial portion of our clearing and transaction fees to our clearing firms. the majority of clearing and transaction fees received from clearing firms represent charges for trades executed and cleared on behalf of their customers. one firm represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2014. one firm represented 11% and one firm represented 10% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2013. two firms each represented 12% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue in 2012. should a clearing firm withdraw, we believe that the customer portion of the firm's trading activity would likely transfer to another clearing firm of the exchange. therefore, we do not believe we are exposed to significant risk from an ongoing loss of revenue received from or through a particular clearing firm.
other sources of revenue market data and information services. the increase in market data and information services revenues in 2014 when compared with 2013 was attributable to a $15 fee increase per device for basic real-time market data services at the beginning of 2014. the decline in market data and information services revenue in 2013 when compared with 2012 resulted from a decrease in market data and information services revenues from the dji asset group and cma. in the second quarter of 2012, the dji asset group, including assets which generated market data and information services revenue, was contributed to the mcgraw venture and cma was sold to mcgraw. in addition, declines in the basic device count from 2012 to 2014 were due to cost-cutting initiatives at customer firms as well as continued utilization of a legacy incentive program partially offset the increase in 2014 when compared with 2013 and contributed to the decrease in 2013 when compared with 2012.
the two largest resellers of our market data represented, in aggregate, 44%, 52% and 43% of our market data and information services revenue in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. despite this concentration, we consider exposure to significant risk of revenue loss to be minimal. in the event that one of these vendors no longer subscribes to our market data, we believe the majority of that vendor's customers would likely subscribe to our market data through another reseller. additionally, several of our largest institutional customers that utilize services from our two largest resellers report usage and remit payment of their fees directly to us.
access and communication fees. we launched our co-location services in january 2012. the decreases in revenues from 2012 through 2014 were attributable to a decrease in other connection charges from customers who migrated over to our co-location program. the overall decrease in 2014 when compared with 2013 was partially offset by an increase in revenues from our co-location program due to existing customers migrating from other connections. in 2013 when compared with 2012, revenue generated from our co-location program decreased due to modifications to space and power requirements by customers during the first contract renewal period in early 2013.
other revenue. in 2014, we recognized $1.9 million in fees earned under our technology agreement with bm&fbovespa s.a. compared with $8.7 million in fees in 2013. in 2013, we also recognized $5.1 million of insurance proceeds related to hurricane sandy. these events contributed to the decrease in other revenues in 2014 when compared with 2013 and the increase in other revenues in 2013 when compared with 2012. in addition, we sold the nymex building in the fourth quarter of 2013 and two cbot buildings in april 2012, which resulted in decreases in rental income from 2012 through 2014.
expenses year-over-year change
compensation and benefits                         $552.1                $518.9                $496.7              6      %             4      %
communications                                      32.0                  35.3                  40.1             (9      )           (12      )
technology support services                         58.2                  53.6                  50.7              9                    6
occupancy and building operations                   96.8                  78.3                  77.0             24                    2
2014 compared with 2013
operating expenses increased by $44.8 million in 2014 when compared with 2013. the following table shows the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase in operating expenses.
(dollars in millions)                                                          year-over-yearchange        change as apercentage of2013 expenses salaries, benefits and employer taxes                                                $23.5                                2                    %
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations                                           20.8                                2
reorganization costs and voluntary exit incentive plan                                18.2                                1
merger and acquisition costs                                                          11.0                                1
security breach                                                                      (16.0        )                      (1                    )
loss on sale of nymex building, net of additional occupancy expenses                 (19.5        )                      (2                    )
operating expenses increased in 2014 when compared with 2013 due to the following reasons:
•   compensation and benefits expense increased as a result of increases in average headcount related to efforts to expand our product offerings and geographic reach as well as to meet additional regulatory requirements. the overall increase in average headcount was partially offset by a global workforce reduction of approximately 150 positions as part of a recently announced reorganization in october 2014. expenses also increased due to annual salary increases and rising healthcare costs.
•   in 2014, we recognized a net loss within other expenses of $15.4 million due to an unfavorable change in exchange rates on foreign cash balances, compared with a net gain of $5.4 million in 2013. gains and losses from exchange rate fluctuations result when subsidiaries with a u.s. dollar functional currency hold cash as well as certain other monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. we expect to continue to incur gains and losses from exchange rate fluctuations as long as we maintain those cash balances.
•   severance and other costs related to the reorganization in october 2014 were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2014. additionally, compensation and benefits expenses increased due to our voluntary exit incentive plan in the second quarter of 2014.
•   an increase in licensing and other fee agreements expense resulted from higher volumes for certain equity contracts and interest rate swap products.
•   we recognized professional fees and other expenses related to our proposed transaction with gfi group inc. the agreement with gfi group inc. was terminated in january 2015.
increases in overall operating expenses in 2014 when compared with 2013 where partially offset by the following decreases:
•   a decrease in legal and other consulting services related to a security breach in 2013 partially offset the increase in overall expenses in 2014.
•   in november 2013, cme group sold its building in new york. the sale resulted in a loss on disposal of building assets, a write-off of lease-related intangible assets and other transaction-related costs included within other expenses in 2013. the loss as well as depreciation, occupancy and amortization of intangible expense recognized in 2013 was partially offset by higher occupancy expenses in 2014 associated with the new building lease.
2013 compared with 2012
operating expenses increased by $76.7 million in 2013 when compared with 2012. the following table shows the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase in operating expenses.
(dollars in millions)                               year-over-yearchange        change as apercentage of2012 expenses salaries, benefits and employer taxes                     $29.9                                2                    %
loss on sale of nymex building                             27.1                                2
security breach                                            16.0                                1
marketing expense                                          12.7                                1
dji asset group contribution and cma sale                 (46.2        )                      (4                    )
overall operating expenses increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to the following reasons:
•   a rise in salaries, benefits and employer taxes resulting from annual salary increases and rising healthcare costs contributed to an increase in compensation and benefits expense. an increase in average headcount due to efforts to expand and globalize our business also contributed to an increase in expenses in 2013 when compared with 2012.
•   the sale of the building in new york resulted in a loss on disposal of building assets, a write-off of lease-related intangible assets and other transaction-related costs.
•   bonus expense increased due to improved performance relative to our cash earnings target in 2013 when compared with 2012 performance relative to our 2012 cash earnings target.
•   an increase in licensing and other fee agreements resulted from higher volumes for interest rate swap products and certain equity contracts. the increase in licensing and other fee agreements was also due to fees incurred in connection with a licensing agreement with s&amp;p/dji, which was amended in the second quarter of 2012.
•   professional fees increased due to an increase in legal and other consulting services related to a security breach in 2013.
•   marketing expense increased due to new branding initiatives for cme group.
the increase in operating expenses was partially offset by a decrease in expenses due to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma to mcgraw in june 2012. reduced ongoing expenses resulting from the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma included compensation and benefits, professional fees and outside services, amortization of purchased intangibles as well as other expenses.
year-over-year change
investment income                                                        $35.8               $44.9               $38.7            (20   )%              16   %
gains (losses) on derivative investments                                     -                   -                (0.1   )          -                 (100   )
interest and other borrowing costs                                      (119.4   )          (151.4   )          (132.2   )        (21   )               15
equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries            84.8                70.5                30.7             20                  130
n.m. not meaningful investment income. the overall decrease in investment income in 2014 when compared with 2013 was largely due to decreases in dividend income and a reduced gain on marketable securities related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plan. gains and losses from securities in the non-qualified deferred compensation plan are offset by an equal amount of compensation and benefits expense. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in earnings from cash performance bond and guaranty fund contributions that are reinvested. the increase in cash performance bond and guaranty fund contributions was due to an increase in open interest as well as a shift in clearing firm collateral preferences towards cash.
investment income increased in 2013 when compared with 2012 due to an increase in gains on marketable securities related to our non-qualified deferred compensation plan.
interest and other borrowing costs. the following table shows the weighted average borrowings outstanding, weighted average effective yield and average cost of borrowing for the periods presented:
year-over-year change
(1) average cost of borrowing includes interest, the effective portion of interest rate hedges, discount accretion and debt issuance costs. commitment fees on line of credit agreements are not included in the average cost of borrowing.
in the first quarter of 2014, we repaid the 5.75% fixed rate notes due february 2014. in the third quarter of 2013, we repaid $750.0 million of 5.4% fixed rate notes due august 2013 and issued $750.0 million of 5.3% fixed rate notes due september 2043. we entered into an interest rate swap agreement that resulted in an effective interest rate of 4.73% on the 5.3% fixed rate notes due september 2043. these factors contributed to a decrease in weighted average borrowings outstanding in 2014 when compared with 2013 and an increase in weighted average borrowings outstanding in 2013 when compared with 2012. these factors also contributed to overall decreases in weighted average effective yield and average cost of borrowing from 2012 through 2014.
interest and other borrowing costs also include commitment fees on our line of credit agreements. commitment fees increased from 2012 to 2014 due to increases in line of credit facilities in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the fourth quarter of 2012 to meet increased regulatory and business requirements.
equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries. higher income generated from our s&p/dji business venture contributed to increases in equity in net earnings (losses) of unconsolidated subsidiaries from 2012 through 2014.
other income (expense). in 2012, we recognized a net gain of $58.9 million related to the contribution of the dji asset group and the sale of cma. additionally, in 2012, we recognized a gain of $5.7 million related to the recovery of a 2008 impairment loss on a corporate debt security held in the nymex securities lending portfolio.
income tax provision the following table summarizes the effective tax rate for the periods presented:
2014              2013          2012   year-over-year change
the overall effective tax rate in 2014 compared with 2013 decreased due to lower deferred income tax expense related to changes in estimates of state and local apportionment factors as well as benefits related to settlements from state and local audits. we also continued to recognize a benefit for the domestic productions activity deduction in 2014. however, the benefits for the domestic production activities recognized in 2014 were lower than the benefits recognized in 2013 because the benefits recognized in 2013 included the impact of refunds claimed for 2008 through 2013.
in 2013, we recognized a benefit for the domestic production activities for 2008 through 2013, which contributed to a decrease in the effective tax rate in 2013 when compared with 2012. the decrease was partially offset by increases in reserves for uncertain tax positions and increases in the deferred income tax expense resulting from a change in state and local apportionment factors in the third quarter of 2013.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements we have historically met our funding requirements with cash generated by our ongoing operations. while our cost structure is fixed in the short term, our sources of operating cash are largely dependent on contract trading volume levels. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to cover our working capital needs, capital expenditures and other commitments. however, it is possible that we may need to raise additional funds to finance our activities through issuances of commercial paper, future public debt offerings or by direct borrowings from financial institutions through our committed revolving credit facilities.
cash will also be required for operating leases and non-cancellable purchase obligations as well as other obligations reflected as long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014. these were as follows:
(in millions)             operatingleases            purchaseobligations            debt obligations   otherlong-termliabilities                    total(1)
(1)   the liability for gross unrecognized income tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $198.6 million for uncertain tax positions are not included in the table due to uncertainty about the date of their settlement.
operating leases include rent payments for office space in chicago, new york and other smaller offices in the united states and in various foreign countries. the operating lease for our headquarters in chicago expires in november 2022. annual minimum rental payments under this lease range from $11.6 million to $13.5 million. we also maintain operating leases for additional office spaces in chicago, which expire in november 2023 and april 2027. annual minimum rental payments under these leases range from $5.4 million to $6.2 million and $3.1 million to $4.3 million, respectively. the operating lease for our office space in new york expires in december 2028. annual minimum rental payments under this lease range from $13.1 million to $24.7 million.
purchase obligations include minimum payments due under agreements to purchase software licenses, hardware, advertising and maintenance as well as telecommunication services. debt obligations include repayment of principal and interest associated with the debt obligations. other long-term liabilities include funding obligations for other post-retirement benefit plans as well as contingent consideration.
future capital expenditures for technology are anticipated as we continue to support our growth through additional investment in our co-location program, increased system capacity, performance improvements as well as improvements to some of our office spaces. each year, capital expenditures are incurred for improvements to and expansion of our offices, remote data
centers, telecommunications network and other operating equipment. in 2015, we expect capital expenditures to total approximately $150.0 million. we continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future.
we intend to continue to pay a regular quarterly dividend to our shareholders, which remains at approximately 50% of the prior year's cash earnings. the decision to pay a dividend and the amount of the dividend, however, remains within the discretion of our board of directors and may be affected by various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, levels of indebtedness and other considerations our board of directors deems relevant. cme group is also required to comply with restrictions contained in the general corporation laws of its state of incorporation, which could also limit its ability to declare and pay dividends. on february 4, 2015, the board of directors declared a regular quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share. the dividend will be payable on march 25, 2015 to shareholders of record on march 10, 2015. assuming no changes in the number of shares outstanding, the first quarter dividend payment will total approximately $168.0 million. the board of directors also declared an additional, annual variable dividend of $2.00 per share on december 10, 2014 paid on january 13, 2015 to the shareholders of record on december 29, 2014. in general, the amount of the annual variable dividend will be determined by the end of each year, and the level will increase or decrease from year to year based on operating results, potential merger and acquisition activity and other forms of capital return including regular dividends and share buybacks during the prior year.
sources and uses of cash the following is a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities.
year-over-year change
net cash provided by operating activities                    $1,291.4              $1,280.5              $1,219.7       1         %                5      %
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities            (199.1   )             190.5                (208.9   )      n.m.                 (191      )
net cash used in financing activities                        (2,195.9   )            (606.0   )            (448.4   )      n.m.                   35
n.m. not meaningful operating activities net cash provided by operating activities remained relatively flat in 2014 when compared with 2013. an increase in cash provided by operating activities due to increased volume was offset by a decrease in net cash provided by operating activities resulting from higher payments of accrued expenses in 2014 when compared with 2013. we paid a higher bonus in 2014 when compared with the bonus payment in 2013. additionally, we had higher payments in 2014 for legal and other consulting services, primarily related to remediation efforts for an information security breach that occurred in 2013.
net cash provided by operating activities increased slightly in 2013 when compared with 2012. net cash provided by operating activities was lower in 2012 due to an additional cash contribution to the cmece guaranty fund in 2012. cash contributed to the guaranty fund is considered restricted and was transferred from cash and cash equivalents to other assets when contributed.
investing activities the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2014 when compared with 2013 and the increase in cash provided by investing activities in 2013 when compared with 2012 were due largely to proceeds from the sale of a building in new york and the settlement of a derivative contract related to our debt offering in 2013. in addition, there were additional investments in business ventures in 2014 and 2012, which contributed to the increase in cash used in investing activities in 2014 when compared with 2013 and an increase in cash provided by investing activities in 2013 when compared with 2012. this increase in 2013 when compared with 2012 was partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of two building properties in april 2012.
financing activities cash used in financing activities was higher in 2014 when compared with 2013. the increase in cash used was attributable to an increase in cash dividends of $0.9 billion in 2014 when compared with 2013. the annual variable dividend from 2013 operations was paid in the first quarter of 2014. the annual variable dividend from 2012 operations was paid in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to uncertainty surrounding dividend income tax treatment beginning in 2013. the increase in cash used was also due to the repayment of the fixed rate notes due february 2014.
cash used in financing activities was higher in 2013 when compared with 2012. the increase was attributable to the repayment of the fixed rate notes due august 2013. the increase in net cash used in financing activities was also due to our purchase of the non-controlling interest the dji asset group from dow jones in the second quarter of 2013. the increase in cash used in
financing activities was partially offset by a decrease in cash dividends of $0.6 billion in 2013 when compared with the same period in 2012. there were two annual dividends paid in 2012, including the annual variable dividend from 2011 operations and the annual variable dividend from 2012 operations.
(in millions)                                                         par value fixed rate notes due march 2018, stated rate of 4.40% (1)          $612.5
(1)   in february 2010, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable on the notes effectively became fixed at a rate of 4.46%.
(2)   in august 2012, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable on the notes effectively became fixed at a rate of 3.32%.
(3)   in august 2012, we entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement that modified the interest obligation associated with these notes so that the interest payable effectively became fixed at a rate of 4.73%.
we maintain a $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility with various financial institutions, which matures in january 2016. the proceeds from this facility can be used for general corporate purposes, which includes providing liquidity for our cme clearing house in certain circumstances at cme group's discretion and, if necessary, for maturities of commercial paper. as long as we are not in default under this facility, we have the option to increase it up to $2.5 billion with the consent of the agent and lenders providing the additional funds. this facility is voluntarily pre-payable from time to time without premium or penalty. under this facility, we are required to remain in compliance with a consolidated net worth test, which is defined as our consolidated shareholders' equity at september 30, 2012, giving effect to share repurchases made and special dividends paid during the term of the agreements (and in no event greater than $2.0 billion in aggregate), multiplied by 0.65. we currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility.
we maintain a 364-day multi-currency revolving secured credit facility with a consortium of domestic and international banks to be used in certain situations by our cme clearing house. the facility provides for borrowings of up to $7.0 billion. we may use the proceeds to provide temporary liquidity in the unlikely event of a clearing firm default, in the event of a liquidity constraint or default by a depositary (custodian for our collateral), or in the event of a temporary disruption with the domestic payments system that would delay payment of settlement variation between us and our clearing firms. cme clearing firm guaranty fund contributions received in the form of cash or u.s. treasury securities as well as the performance bond assets of a defaulting firm can be used to collateralize the facility. at december 31, 2014, guaranty fund collateral available was $6.6 billion. we have the option to request an increase in the line from $7.0 billion to $10.0 billion. in addition to the 364-day facility, we also have the option to use the $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility to provide liquidity for our clearing houses in the unlikely event of default in certain circumstances. in addition, our 364-day facility contains a requirement that cme remain in compliance with a consolidated tangible net worth test, defined as cme consolidated shareholder's equity less intangible assets (as defined in the agreement) of not less than $800.0 million. we currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under this facility.
the indentures governing our fixed rate notes, our $1.8 billion multi-currency revolving senior credit facility and our 364-day multi-currency revolving secured credit facility for $7.0 billion do not contain specific covenants that restrict the ability to pay dividends. these documents, however, do contain other customary financial and operating covenants that place restrictions on the operations of the company that could indirectly affect the ability to pay dividends.
at december 31, 2014, we have excess borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes of approximately $1.8 billion under our multi-currency revolving senior credit facilities.
at december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with the various covenant requirements of all our debt facilities.
cme group, as a holding company, has no operations of its own. instead, it relies on dividends declared and paid to it by its subsidiaries in order to provide a portion of the funds which it uses to pay dividends to its shareholders.
to satisfy our performance bond obligation with singapore exchange limited, we may pledge cme-owned u.s. treasury securities in lieu of, or in combination with, irrevocable letters of credit. at december 31, 2014, we had pledged letters of credit totaling $410.0 million.
the following table summarizes our credit ratings as of december 31, 2014:
rating agency               short-termdebt rating   long-termdebt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's       a1+                     aa-                    stable moody's investors service   p1                      aa3                    stable given our cash flow generation, our ability to pay down debt levels and our ability to refinance existing debt facilities if necessary, we expect to maintain an investment grade rating. if our ratings are downgraded below investment grade due to a change of control, we are required to make an offer to repurchase our fixed rate notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by the regulations of the securities and exchange commission.
liquidity and cash management cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and $2.5 billion at december 31, 2013. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy and alternative investment choices. a majority of our cash and cash equivalents balance is invested in money market mutual funds that invest only in u.s. treasury securities or u.s. government agency securities. our exposure to credit and liquidity risk is minimal given the nature of the investments. cash that is not available for general corporate purposes because of regulatory requirements or other restrictions is classified as restricted cash and is included in other current assets or other assets in the consolidated balance sheets.
our practice is to have our pension plan 100% funded at each year end on a projected benefit obligation basis, while also satisfying any minimum required contribution and obtaining the maximum tax deduction. based on our actuarial projections, we estimate that a $21.8 million contribution in 2015 will allow us to meet our funding goal. however, the amount of the actual contribution is contingent on the actual rate of return on our plan assets during 2015 and the december 31, 2015 discount rate.
regulatory requirements cme is regulated by the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc) as a u.s. derivatives clearing organization (dco). dcos are required to maintain capital, as defined by the cftc, in an amount at least equal to one year of projected operating expenses as well as cash, liquid securities, or a line of credit at least equal to six months of projected operating expenses. cme was designated by the financial stability oversight council as a systemically important dco under title viii of the dodd-frank. as a result, cme must comply with the requirements for financial resources and liquidity resources. cme is in compliance with all dco financial requirements.
cme, cbot, nymex and comex are regulated by the cftc as designated contract markets (dcm). dcms are required to maintain capital, as defined by the cftc, in an amount at least equal to one year of projected operating expenses as well as cash, liquid securities or a line of credit at least equal to six months of projected operating expenses. our dcms are in compliance with dcm financial requirements.