item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations strategic overview csx provides rail-based freight transportation services including traditional rail service, the transport of intermodal containers and trailers as well as other transportation services such as rail-to-truck transfers and bulk commodity operations with its approximately 32,000 dedicated employees. the company and the rail industry provide customers with access to an expansive and interconnected transportation network that plays a key role in north american commerce and is critical to the economic success and improved global competitiveness of the united states. this improved competitiveness is driven by lower natural gas prices, increased foreign labor costs and supply chain factors.
the rail industry benefits from this improved global competitiveness, continued economic growth and the shift towards more rail-based solutions. u.s. demand to move more goods by rail is expected to rise and freight railroads provide the most environmentally efficient and economical means to meet this growing demand. csx can move a ton of freight about 450 miles on one gallon of diesel fuel, as trains are four times more fuel efficient than trucks on average. shipping freight by rail also alleviates highway congestion, eases air pollution and saves energy.
csx's network reaches nearly two-thirds of the u.s. population, which accounts for the majority of the nation's consumption of goods. through this network, the company transports a diverse portfolio of commodities and products to meet the country's needs. these products range from agricultural goods, such as grains, to chemicals, automobiles, metals, building materials, paper, consumer products, and energy sources like coal, ethanol and crude oil. the company categorizes these products into three primary lines of business: merchandise, intermodal and coal. csx's transportation solutions connect industries and population centers across the united states with each other and with global markets through access to over 70 port facilities whereby meeting the transportation needs of energy producers, manufacturers, industrial producers, construction companies, farmers and feed mills, wholesalers and retailers and the united states armed forces.
operating initiatives to support long-term growth, csx is focused on meeting customers' needs while improving profitability.  several key operating initiatives have been implemented over the past several years that lay a foundation for meeting these objectives. the overall goal is sustained high customer service levels, which is in part achieved through a relentless focus on using advanced network modeling analytics and tools to create a disciplined, scheduled approach to designing and running csx's network.  the company continues to identify the most efficient, cost-effective routes for csxt customers' traffic while providing timely service with the fewest handlings and car miles possible.
through the service excellence initiative, csx is building a culture that engages all employees and focuses on the value delivered to customers through improved service.  this initiative increases employee communication and dialogue to help identify and resolve customer issues at the lowest level, improving the customer experience and allowing csx to grow the business.  this process involves engagement from all operating employees, as well as collaboration with sales and marketing employees and, ultimately, with the company's customers. higher levels of customer service and satisfaction support csx's ability to profitably grow the business by increasing customer retention, price sustainability and asset utilization.
csx corporation part ii in addition, total service integration ("tsi") is intended to align operating capabilities with customers' needs to reduce loading and unloading times and create more capacity.  tsi was first implemented on the unit train network, where it has successfully increased the average number of cars per train and improved asset utilization.  csx is implementing tsi for the carload network, which focuses on improving the "first and last mile" service experience for carload customers, providing a more consistent and reliable service product. the carload network is connected to more than 5,000 customer facilities and has a high degree of variability each day. new tools and technology are allowing the company to more effectively communicate with customers, not only providing the service the company has promised to deliver but proactively notifying the customer of service status. applying tsi to the carload network will improve service consistency for each merchandise shipper.
finally, enterprise asset management ("eam") focuses on improving the utilization of the company's most critical assets, namely, crews, locomotives, cars and track infrastructure. projects are currently in place to deploy technology, improve processes and reduce unproductive time. because the railroad is an asset intensive industry, eam helps reduce the overall expense associated with asset ownership by monitoring the overall condition of equipment, helping proactively schedule maintenance, increasing utilization and also effectively managing the investment required for new or replacement assets. by improving asset utilization, csx expects to sustain long-term operating efficiencies and reduce future capital expenditures associated with asset replacement.
in summary, these initiatives are designed to improve service levels in a cost effective manner and enhance the reliability of rail transportation. these improvements to operational processes, customer communication and service are better aligning csx's operating capabilities with customers' needs and are enabling the company to capitalize on the growth opportunities described below.
strategic growth opportunities intermodal csx's intermodal business is an economical and environmentally friendly alternative to transporting freight on highways via truck. csx's intermodal network connects all major population centers east of the mississippi river and is over 90% cleared for the use of double-stack (two containers high) intermodal movements. this positions the company to capture a significant share of the incremental domestic intermodal market opportunity, estimated at nine million truckloads in the eastern united states that move over 550 miles. the company's highway-to-rail initiatives assist in capturing this traffic and also help customers identify conversion opportunities for both domestic moves and the u.s. portion of international moves.
csx is also building new terminals and increasing network capacity to broaden its market presence in key growth areas. the company's northwest ohio intermodal terminal, which started operations in 2011 and was expanded in 2014, is part of the national gateway initiative discussed below. this high-capacity terminal expands service offerings to customers, improves market access to and from east coast ports, reduces interchanges in chicago and enhances the fluidity of the network. during 2014, the company opened terminals in winter haven, fl and quebec, canada. the company expects to begin construction on a new terminal near pittsburgh, pa in 2015 enhancing the company's intermodal reach and supporting future growth.
csx corporation part ii illinois basin coal shift energy markets have shifted over the past few years and continue to evolve. in spite of declines in domestic utility coal consumption over the last few years, csx coal volumes have recently grown as a result of colder winter weather. in the longer term, downward pressure on domestic coal volumes could resume as the result of increasingly stringent proposed environmental regulations and continued low natural gas prices. in addition, mining economics are causing a shift from central appalachian coal to thermal coal in the illinois basin and the powder river basin. to capitalize on these shifts, csx continues to enhance its network to support these changes, such as adding sidings (track which enables trains on the same line to pass) and increasing yard capacity.
export coal csx export coal volume and pricing is subject to a high degree of volatility as a result of changes in the global economy, competition from foreign coal producers and regulatory shifts. over the past few years, csx has capitalized on the global coal demand in both steel manufacturing and power generation. currently, both global thermal and metallurgical coal prices are low due to oversupply, but csx sees long-term growth in global demand as developing countries become more urbanized. the company remains opportunistic based on the global markets and the resulting level of demand. in addition to the company's ready access to large u.s. coal suppliers and multiple port facilities, csx expects to continue to enhance the operating efficiency of its export coal network which will favorably position the company to capitalize on growth as it is made available.
new energy markets the ongoing surge in shale drilling for the extraction of oil and natural gas has created the opportunity for csx to serve new energy markets such as crude oil, liquefied petroleum gases ("lpg"), frac sand and other related materials. for example, csx is capitalizing on the opportunity to move the growing supply of crude oil from the new domestic oil fields, particularly those located in the bakken shale region of north dakota, to customers at eastern refineries. this service also provides greater flexibility in source locations as compared to pipelines.
csx's lpg market is also benefiting from drilling in ohio, pennsylvania and west virginia within the utica shale region. midstream energy companies, which are involved in the transportation, storage and wholesale of refined petroleum products, are taking advantage of the abundance of inexpensive wet gas with newly constructed gas processing plants (or "fractionators") in the region. rail will also play a vital role in moving lpg products from the fractionators to the market.
csx's frac sand market (a key input in the drilling process) has also expanded rapidly over the last few years. the company has invested in new operating capacity, such as railcars and terminals, to accommodate this growth, which has been concentrated mainly in the region of the utica shale and the western marcellus shale (which covers most of western pennsylvania and northern west virginia). the csx network not only provides access to many frac sand transload terminals located near the drilling activity but also offers the advantage of csx-direct routes from several key sand producing regions to the frac sand terminals.
over the longer term, the improved energy supply outlook for the u.s. will create a sustainable competitive advantage for domestic chemical producers and generate additional growth opportunities for rail. since natural gas is the primary component in the production of a wide range of petrochemicals, the supply growth and the resulting lower prices have now placed the u.s. amongst the lowest cost production regions in the world. this increased competitiveness is sparking significant investment in new u.s. chemical industry capacity for the first time in more than a decade. csx is well-positioned to participate in this growing chemical business over the next several years.
csx corporation part ii public-private partnerships expanding capacity on u.s. rail networks provides substantial public benefits including job creation, increased business activity at u.s. ports, reduced highway congestion and lower air emissions. therefore, csx and its government partners are jointly working to invest in multi-year rail infrastructure projects such as the national gateway. this initiative is a public-private partnership which will increase intermodal capacity and create substantial environmental and efficiency advantages by clearing key corridors between mid-atlantic ports and the midwest for double-stack intermodal trains.
as part of the national gateway project, csx expects to break ground on the modernization of the virginia avenue tunnel in washington, d.c. in 2015.this project will improve the flow of freight traffic through the district of columbia and will eliminate a rail-traffic bottleneck that also impacts commuter and passenger trains in the region. the new structure will provide double-stack train clearances in maryland, west virginia and the district of columbia. going forward, csx will continue to explore other opportunities to partner with the public sector to maximize the many public benefits of freight rail.
balanced approach to cash deployment csx remains highly committed to delivering value to shareholders through a balanced approach to deploying cash that includes investments in the business, dividend growth and share repurchases. in 2014, the company invested $2.4 billion to further enhance the capacity, quality, safety and flexibility of its network. in addition, csx continues to return value to its shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. during 2014, the company announced a 7 percent increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.16 per common share. the company has increased its quarterly cash dividend 12 times over the last nine years which represents a 27 percent compounded annual growth rate. also in 2014, csx continued share repurchases under its $1 billion program which began in 2013 and is expected to be completed in 2015 based on market and business decisions. csx repurchased $517 million, or 17 million shares, during 2014 under this program. since 2006, csx has repurchased 493 million shares (adjusted for stock splits) for $8.8 billion, which represents about one-half of total shares outstanding. as part of this balanced approach, the company is committed to maintaining a credit profile consistent with a bbb+ rating by standard & poor's and a baa1 rating by moody's investment services.
summary these operating initiatives, strategic growth areas, long-term investments and shareholder returns discussed above provide a foundation for volume growth, productivity improvement, enhanced customer service and continued advancements in the safety and reliability of operations. to continue these types of investments, the company must be able to operate in an environment in which it can generate adequate returns and drive shareholder value. csx will continue to advocate for a fair and balanced regulatory environment to ensure that the value of the company's rail service would be reflected in any potential new legislation or policies.
for additional information, refer to results of operations discussed on pages 28 to 35.
free cash flow is considered a non-gaap financial measure under sec regulation g, disclosure of non-gaap measures. management believes that free cash flow is useful to investors as it is important in evaluating the company's financial performance. more specifically, free cash flow measures cash generated by the business after reinvestment. this measure represents cash available for both equity and bond investors to be used for dividends, share repurchases or principle reduction on outstanding debt. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities.  free cash flow is calculated by using net cash from operations and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities.  as described below, free cash flow before dividends increased $24 million year over year to $919 million. the primary reason for the increase in free cash flow from the prior year is primarily due to the following:
•   partially offsetting these increases were higher property additions of $136 million the following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (gaap measure) to free cash flow (non-gaap measure).
net cash provided by operating activities         $3,343              $3,267              $2,946
property additions (a)                            (2,449   )          (2,313   )          (2,341   )
proceeds from property dispositions                   62       53                  186
other investing activities                           (37   )            (112   )             (70   )
(a)   property additions include investments related to reimbursable public-private partnerships. these partnership investments of $8 million, $40 million and $166 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012 respectively, are projects that are partially or wholly reimbursed to csx through either government grants or other funding sources such as cash received from a property sale. these reimbursements may not be fully received in a given year; therefore the timing of receipts may differ from the timing of the investment.
operating ratio                      71.5   %            71.1   %                         (40) bps volume and revenue (unaudited)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                        revenue                                               revenue per unit
2014 vs. 2013 results of operations revenue volume increased 6% year over year with growth across most markets. revenue increased by 5% year over year driven by this broad-based volume growth.
phosphates and fertilizers - volume growth was driven by increased shipments of finished fertilizer products to replenish inventories and phosphate rock shipments due to capacity at a customer facility returning to normal levels.
food and consumer - volume declined due to lower shipments of canned goods and rice. the decline in canned goods was driven by market losses, while rice shipments were lower as customers substituted lower-priced corn. this decline was partially offset by growth in alcoholic beverage shipments due to a customer's gain in market share.
industrial chemicals - volume growth was driven by an increase in energy-related shipments that included crude oil, liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) and frac sand. the rise in crude oil shipments to east coast refineries was due to increased supply of low-cost crude oil from shale drilling activity.
minerals - volume growth was driven by increased shipments of aggregates (which include crushed stone, sand and gravel) and salt. aggregates was driven by the continued recovery in construction activity, while salt shipments grew due to increased application of road salt and inventory replenishment as a result of the severe winter weather in early 2014.
csx corporation part ii coal domestic volume increased due to higher shipments attributable to higher natural gas prices, marketplace gains and utilities replenishing stockpiles. this growth was partially offset by a decrease in export coal as a result of softening global market conditions.
intermodal domestic volume increased as a result of growth with existing customers and continued success with highway-to-rail conversions. international volume also increased due to growth with customers in global container shipments moving to inland destinations.
other other revenue increased primarily due to higher incidental revenue associated with higher volume partially offset by decline in revenue from customers who did not meet minimum contractual volumes.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses increased $239 million primarily due to the following items:
•   labor costs were $49 million higher due to overtime and relief crews associated with weather disruptions earlier in the year and efforts to improve network performance.
•   an initial charge for $39 million was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2014 as a result of an initiative to reduce the management workforce.
materials, supplies and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment, terminal services at automotive facilities and professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items. total materials, supplies and other expenses increased$209 million primarily driven by the following:
•   utilities, materials and foreign locomotive costs were $44 million higher in response to weather-related service challenges earlier in the year and efforts to improve network performance.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over its useful life. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $47 million primarily due to a larger asset base.
equipment and other includes rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes lease expenses for locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, offices and other rentals. these expenses increased $48 million driven by the following:
•   inflation resulted in $18 million of additional costs related to rates on automotive, intermodal and coal cars.
other (expense) income - net decreased $35 million to an expense of $24 million primarily due to an increase in estimated environmental cleanup costs of $17 million related to non-operating activities as well as costs of $16 million associated with the early redemption of long-term debt.
net earnings increased $63 million to $1.9 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased $0.09 to $1.92 due to the factors mentioned above. lower average shares outstanding also had a positive impact on earnings per diluted share.
operating ratio                      71.1   %            70.6   %                        (50) bps volume and revenue (unaudited)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                        revenue                                               revenue per unit
merchandise agricultural agricultural products - volume declined due to a reduction in shipments of feed grain and ethanol. feed grain shipments were impacted by low supplier inventories caused by 2012's drought and increased competition from imports. ethanol shipments declined as a result of increased competition from imports, lower production and competitive losses.
food and consumer - volume declined due to a reduction in shipments of refrigerated products and alcoholic beverages. the decline in refrigerated products volume was driven by lower potato shipments as a result of more normalized production levels compared to the above-average yields in the prior year, while the decline in alcoholic beverages was primarily driven by a consolidation within a customer's distribution network that resulted in lower shipments for csx.
industrial chemicals - volume growth was driven by an increase in energy-related shipments that included crude oil, liquefied petroleum gas ("lpg") and frac sand. the rise in crude oil shipments was due to increased supply of low-cost crude from shale drilling activity, resulting in new shipments to east coast refineries.
automotive - finished vehicle shipments increased as north american light vehicle production grew year-over-year. this increase was partially offset by competitive losses in both automotive parts and finished vehicles.
metals - volume was flat as a reduction in steel sheet shipments was offset by growth in aluminum products and steel plates. the reduction in shipments of steel sheet, which is used in automotive manufacturing, was driven by competitive losses, mill closures and source shifts.  shipments of aluminum product, which is used in a variety of products like packaging and construction, increased due to modal conversions. shipments of steel plate, which is used in a wide range of end markets including construction, structural and energy applications, increased in support of continued growth in energy-related markets.
csx corporation part ii waste and equipment - volume growth was led by waste shipments which were driven by an increase in construction debris due to the continued recovery in construction activity and large scale remediation projects.
coal export declines were driven by decreased shipments of u.s. thermal coal, as a result of global oversupply and lower coal prices. shipments of domestic coal declined due to continued low natural gas prices and utility stockpiles above target levels.
intermodal domestic volume growth was driven by continued success with highway-to-rail conversions, growth with existing customers, and service product enhancements. international volume increased due to strength with existing customers and the cycling of disruptions resulting from hurricane sandy in the prior year.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses increased $118 million primarily due to the following items:
materials, supplies and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment and for terminal services at automotive facilities as well as professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items. total materials, supplies and other expense increased $119 million primarily driven by the following:
•   improved network efficiency and fuel savings initiatives decreased expenses by $38 million.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of a capital asset, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over its useful life. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $45 million primarily due to a larger asset base related to higher capital spending.
equipment and other includes rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes lease expenses for locomotives, railcars, containers and trailers, office and other rentals. these expenses decreased $12 million primarily due to improved asset utilization partially offset by increased rates and volume.
net earnings increased $1 million to $1.86 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased $0.04 to $1.83 due to the factors mentioned above. lower average shares outstanding also had a positive impact on earnings per diluted share.
train velocity                           20.1               23.2                      (13               )%
key performance measures definitions fra personal injury frequency index - number of fra-reportable injuries per 200,000 man-hours.
dwell - average amount of time in hours between car arrival at and departure from the yard. it does not include cars moving through the yard on the same train.
train velocity - average train speed between terminals in miles per hour (does not include locals, yard jobs, work trains or passenger trains).
the company measures and reports safety and service performance.  the company strives for continuous improvement in these measures through training, innovation and investment. for example, the company's safety and train accident prevention programs rely on the latest tools, programs and employee participation that strengthen the safety culture in a supportive environment that allows each employee to be successful at csx. continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. csx safety programs are designed to prevent incidents that can impact employees, customers and the communities we serve.
the company consistently collaborates with the fra and industry organizations as well as federal, state and local governments on the development and implementation of safety programs and initiatives. for example, earlier this year, csx and other major freight railroads met with the u.s. department of transportation ("dot") and other key stakeholders to discuss potential safety enhancements to our nation's freight railroad network. csx, as part of a wider industry initiative, voluntarily committed to take specific long-term actions to increase its strong safety performance. csx agreed to reduce the speed of certain trains to 40 miles per hour through high threat urban areas, increase the frequency of track inspections, and work collaboratively and proactively with local communities to address area-specific concerns. furthermore, csx partnered with operation lifesaver, inc., the dot and other major railroads in the common sense campaign to reduce the number of injuries and fatalities around the railroad right of way. csxt continues an ongoing public safety program to clear-cut trees and vegetation at public passive highway-rail intersections (crossings with no flashing lights or gates) to improve the public's ability to discern rail activities.
csx corporation part ii at csx, operational success is built on employee commitment to maintaining a constant focus on safety. during 2014, the fra reportable personal injury frequency index worsened 6 percent year over year to 0.95. the reported fra train accident frequency rate weakened 12 percent year over year to 2.22. despite these results, csx remains an industry leader in employee safety.
despite significant volume growth, the company expects service to gradually improve to superior levels with the addition of strategic infrastructure investments, locomotives and operating employees coming online. on-time originations were 56 percent and on-time arrivals were 45 percent, which are both down versus 2013 but stabilized by the end of the year. year over year, average train velocity declined 13 percent to 20.1 miles per hour and dwell worsened 18 percent to 26.3 hours.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is a company's ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures, including those to address regulatory and legislative requirements.  to have a complete picture of a company's liquidity, its balance sheet, sources and uses of cash flow and external factors should be reviewed.
material changes in the consolidated balance sheets and significant cash flows consolidated balance sheets csx's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of csx's balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend improvement and share repurchases.
total assets as well as total liabilities and shareholders' equity increased $1.3 billion from prior year. the increase in assets was driven by higher net properties of $1.3 billion resulting from planned capital investments. the increase in total liabilities and shareholders' equity combined was driven by net earnings of $1.9 billion, higher pension and other post-retirement benefit liabilities of $269 million mostly driven by lower discount rates and higher deferred income taxes of $196 million primarily related to accelerated tax depreciation. partially offsetting these increases were dividends paid of $629 million and share repurchases of $517 million.
significant cash flows the following tables present net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for full years 2012, 2013 and 2014.
dollars in millions                         2014            2013            2012                         $ var                $ var net cash provided by operating activities   $3,343          $3,267          $2,946                  $76                 $321
net cash used in investing activities       $(2,183     )   $(2,227     )   $(2,277     )           $44                  $50
net cash used in financing activities       $(1,083     )   $(1,232     )   $(668       )          $149                $(564      )
csx corporation part ii sources of cash the company has multiple sources of cash.  first, the company generates cash from operations, and in 2014, the company generated $3.3 billion of cash from operating activities which was $76 million higher than the prior year primarily driven by higher net earnings. in 2013, the company generated $3.3 billion of cash from operating activities which increased $321 million from 2012 primarily driven by a $275 million contribution to the company's qualified pension plans in 2012 that did not repeat.
second, csx has access to numerous financing sources including a $1 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in september 2016.  as of the date of this filing, the company has no outstanding balances under this facility.  see note 9, debt and credit agreements for more information.
csx filed a shelf registration statement with the sec on february 15, 2013.  this shelf registration statement is unlimited as to amount and may be used to issue debt or equity securities at csx's discretion, subject to market conditions and csx board authorization. while csx seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash requirements, there can be no assurance that market conditions would permit csx to sell such securities on acceptable terms at any given time, or at all.
uses of cash csx continued to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders.  in 2014, net cash used in investing activities was $2.2 billion, a decrease in spending of $44 million from the prior year primarily driven by higher net sales of short-term investments. in 2013, net cash used in investing activities was $2.2 billion, a decrease in spending of $50 million from 2012 primarily driven by higher net sales of short-term investments partially offset by lower proceeds from property dispositions.
the company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term growth through expanding network and terminal capacity. funds used for property additions are further described below.
fiscal years capital expenditures (dollars in millions)            2014                2013                2012
capacity and commercial facilities                 452                 346                 218
total capital expenditures (a)                  $2,449              $2,313              $2,341
(a)   total capital expenditures shown above include investments related to reimbursable public-private partnerships. these partnership investments are for projects that are partially or wholly reimbursed to csx through either government grants or other funding sources such as cash received from a property sale. these reimbursements may not be fully received in a given year; therefore the timing of receipts may differ from the timing of the investment.
csx corporation part ii planned capital investments for 2015 are expected to be $2.5 billion, including expected spending of approximately $300 million for ptc. this $2.5 billion excludes investments related to partially or wholly reimbursable public-private partnerships where reimbursements may not be fully received in a given year. approximately half of the 2015 investment will be used to sustain the core infrastructure. the remaining amounts will be allocated to locomotives, freight cars and high return projects supporting long-term profitable growth, productivity initiatives and service improvements to optimize performance. csx intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations.
over the long term, the company expects to incur significant capital costs in connection with the implementation of ptc. csx estimates that the total multi-year cost of ptc implementation will be at least $1.9 billion. this estimate includes costs for installing the new system along tracks, upgrading locomotives, adding communication equipment and developing new technologies. total ptc spending through 2014 was $1.2 billion.
in addition to capital investments, the company uses cash for scheduled payments of debt and leases, share repurchases and to pay dividends to shareholders.  in 2014, net cash used in financing activities was $1.1 billion, which represents a decrease in spending of $149 million. this decrease was driven by higher net long-term debt issued of $347 million (net of debt repayments) partially offset by share repurchases of $164 million. in 2013, net cash used in financing activities was $1.2 million, which was an increase in spending of $564 million driven by higher debt repayments and a lower amount of debt issued, partially offset by lower share repurchases.
csx is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments.  csx may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future (see risk factors under item 1a of this form 10-k).
liquidity and working capital currently, csx is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint.  the company ended the year with $961 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.  csx has a $1 billion unsecured, revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. this facility expires in september 2016 and as of the date of this filing, the company has no outstanding balances under this facility. additionally in 2014, csx issued a total of $1 billion of new long-term debt. csx uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include reduction or refinancing of outstanding indebtedness, capital expenditures, working capital requirements, contributions to the company's qualified pension plan, redemptions and repurchases of csx common stock and dividends to shareholders. see note 9, debt and credit agreements.
the company's $250 million receivables securitization facility has a three-year term and expires in june 2017. the purpose of this facility is to provide an alternative to commercial paper and a low cost source of short-term liquidity. the company anticipates either renewing the facility or replacing it with another liquidity-based solution. under the terms of this facility, csxt transfers eligible third-party receivables to csx trade receivables, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiary. a separate subsidiary of csx services the receivables. upon transfer, the receivables become assets of csx trade receivables and are not available to the creditors of csx or any of its other subsidiaries. in the event csx trade receivables draws under this facility, the company will record an equivalent amount of debt on its consolidated financial statements. as of the date of this filing, the company has no outstanding balances under this facility.
csx corporation part ii working capital can also be considered a measure of a company's ability to meet its short-term needs.  csx had a working capital surplus of $465 million and $178 million at december 2014 and 2013, respectively.  this increase since the prior year is primarily due to a lower current maturities of long-term debt, partially offset by a net decrease in short-term investments driven by higher sales of these investments. also, see sources and uses of cash description above.
the company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances as discussed above.  although the company currently has a surplus, a working capital deficit is not unusual for csx or other companies in the industry and does not indicate a lack of liquidity. the company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due.  furthermore, csx has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, trade receivable facility and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations.  the company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity.
credit ratings credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity.  the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy.  the two largest rating agencies, standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's"), use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings.  the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively.  a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
the cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by csx's long-term credit ratings. csx's credit ratings improved during 2014. as of december 2013 and december 2014, s&p's long-term rating on csx was bbb+ (stable). moody's improved the long-term credit rating on csx from baa2 at december 2013, to baa1 (stable) as of december 2014.  ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be investment grade. if csx's credit ratings were to decline to below investment grade levels, the company could experience significant increases in its interest cost for new debt.  in addition, a decline in csx's credit ratings to below investment grade levels could adversely affect the market's demand, and thus the company's ability to readily issue new debt.
csx corporation part ii schedule of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following tables set forth maturities of the company's contractual obligations and other significant commitments:
(dollars in millions) (unaudited)
other post-employment benefits (see note 8) (a)          52              49              49              46              44             197               437
agreements with conrail (b)                              26              26              26              26              26             124               254
other commitments (c)                                  $136               2               4               3               2               6              $153
(a)   other post-employment benefits include estimated other post-retirement medical and life insurance payments and payments under non-qualified pension plans which are unfunded. no amounts are included for funded pension obligations as no contributions are currently required.
(b)   agreements with conrail represent minimum future lease payments of $254 million under the shared asset area agreements (see note 12, related party transactions). these amounts plus total operating leases-net of $244 million above equals total net lease commitments of $498 million disclosed in note 7, commitments and contingencies.
(c)   other commitments of $153 million consisted of surety bonds, letters of credit, uncertain tax positions and public private partnerships. surety bonds of $57 million and letters of credit of $38 million arise from assurances issued by a third-party that csx will fulfill certain obligations and are typically a contract, state, federal or court requirement. uncertain tax positions of $21 million which include interest and penalties are all included in year 2015. the year of settlement cannot be reasonably estimated, however, the company believes at least $2 million of these unrecognized tax benefits will be resolved in the next 12 months. contractual commitments related to public-private partnerships are $37 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements for detailed information about the company's guarantees, operating leases and purchase obligations, see note 7, commitments and contingencies. there are no off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  actual results may differ from those estimates. these estimates and assumptions are discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a regular basis.  consistent with the prior year, significant estimates using management judgment are made for the following areas:
casualty, environmental and legal reserves casualty casualty reserves of $265 million in 2014 represent accruals for personal injury, occupational injury and asbestos claims. the company's self-insured retention amount for these claims is $50 million per occurrence.  currently, no individual claim is expected to exceed the company's self-insured retention amount.  in accordance with the contingencies topic in the financial accounting standards board's ("fasb") accounting standards codification ("asc"), to the extent the value of an individual claim exceeds the self-insured retention amount, the company would present the liability on a gross basis with a corresponding receivable for insurance recoveries.  these reserves fluctuate based upon the timing of payments as well as changes in independent third-party estimates, which are reviewed by management.  actual results may vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. most of the company's casualty claims relate to csxt unless otherwise noted below.  defense and processing costs, which historically have been insignificant and are anticipated to be insignificant in the future, are not included in the recorded liabilities. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no significant changes in estimate recorded to adjust casualty reserves.
personal injury personal injury reserves represent liabilities for employee work-related and third-party injuries.  work-related injuries for csxt employees are primarily subject to the federal employers' liability act ("fela").  in addition to fela liabilities, employees of other csx subsidiaries are covered by various state workers' compensation laws, the federal longshore and harbor workers' compensation program or the maritime jones act.
csxt retains an independent actuary to assist management in assessing the value of personal injury claims.  an analysis is performed by the actuary quarterly and is reviewed by management. the methodology used by the actuary includes a development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value of these personal injury claims. it is based largely on csxt's historical claims and settlement experience.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued occupational & asbestos occupational claims arise from allegations of exposures to certain materials in the workplace, such as solvents, soaps, chemicals (collectively referred to as "irritants") and diesel fuels (like exhaust fumes) or allegations of chronic physical injuries resulting from work conditions, such as repetitive stress injuries, carpal tunnel syndrome and hearing loss.
the company is also party to a number of asbestos claims by employees alleging exposure to asbestos in the workplace.  the heaviest possible exposure for employees resulted from work conducted in and around steam locomotive engines that were largely phased out beginning around the 1950s. other types of exposures, however, including exposure from locomotive component parts and building materials, continued until these exposures were substantially eliminated by 1985.  additionally, the company has retained liability for asbestos claims filed against its previously owned international container shipping business.  diseases associated with asbestos typically have long latency periods (amount of time between exposure to asbestos and the onset of the disease) which can range from ten to 40 years after exposure.
occupational claims, excluding asbestos, are analyzed on a quarterly basis by an independent actuary in order to determine the number of unasserted, or incurred but not reported ("ibnr"), claims. the actuary's analyses are reviewed by management. with the exception of carpal tunnel, management has determined that seven years is the most probable time period in which these unasserted occupational claim filings and claim values can be estimated. carpal tunnel claims use a three-year period to estimate the reserve due to the shorter latency period for these types of injuries.
the actuary and specialist analyze csxt's historical claim filings, settlement amounts, and dismissal rates to determine future anticipated claim filing rates and average settlement values for occupational and asbestos claims reserves. the potentially exposed population is estimated by using csxt's employment records and industry data. from this analysis, the actuary and specialist provide estimates of the ibnr claims liabilities.
the estimated future filing rates and estimated average claim values are the most sensitive assumptions for these reserves.  a 1% increase or decrease in either the forecasted number of occupational and asbestos ibnr claims or the average claim values would result in approximately a $1 million increase or decrease in the liability recorded for unasserted occupational and asbestos claims.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued environmental environmental reserves were $94 million for 2014. the company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 250 environmentally impaired sites.  many of these are, or may be, subject to remedial action under the federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act of 1980 also known as the superfund law, or similar state statutes.  most of these proceedings arose from environmental conditions on properties used for ongoing or discontinued railroad operations.  a number of these proceedings, however, are based on allegations that the company, or its predecessors, sent hazardous substances to facilities owned or operated by others for treatment, recycling or disposal.  in addition, some of the company's land holdings were leased to others for commercial or industrial uses that may have resulted in releases of hazardous substances or other regulated materials onto the property and could give rise to proceedings against the company.
in any such proceedings, the company is subject to environmental clean-up and enforcement actions under the superfund law, as well as similar state laws that may impose joint and several liability for clean-up and enforcement costs on current and former owners and operators of a site without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct.  these costs could be substantial.
in accordance with the asset retirement and environmental obligations topic in the asc, the company reviews its role with respect to each site identified at least quarterly, giving consideration to a number of factors such as:
•   nature of the company's alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the site or owner or operator of the site);
•   number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible parties at the location.
these recorded liabilities for estimated future environmental costs are undiscounted and include future costs for remediation and restoration of sites as well as any significant ongoing monitoring costs, but exclude any anticipated insurance recoveries.  based on the review process, the company has recorded amounts to cover contingent anticipated future environmental remediation costs with respect to each site to the extent such costs are estimable and probable.  payments related to these liabilities are expected to be made over the next several years.  environmental remediation costs are included in materials, supplies and other on the consolidated income statements.
currently, the company does not possess sufficient information to reasonably estimate the amounts of additional liabilities, if any, on some sites until completion of future environmental studies.  in addition, conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated.  based upon information currently available, however, the company believes its environmental reserves accurately reflect the cost of remedial actions currently required.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued legal in accordance with the contingencies topic in the asc, an accrual for a loss contingency is established if information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. if no accrual is made for a loss contingency because one or both of these conditions are not met, or if an exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued, disclosure of the contingency is made when there is at least a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred.
the company evaluates all exposures relating to legal liabilities at least quarterly and adjusts reserves when appropriate under the guidance noted above. the amount of a particular reserve may be influenced by factors that include official rulings, newly discovered or developed evidence, or changes in laws, regulations and evidentiary standards. see item 3. legal proceedings for further discussion of these items.
pension and post-retirement medical plan accounting the company sponsors defined benefit pension plans principally for salaried, management personnel.  for employees hired prior to january 1, 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement.  for employees hired in 2003 or thereafter, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation.  as of december 2014, the projected benefit obligation for the company's pension plans and other post-employment benefit plans were $3 billion and $340 million, respectively. no significant contributions to the company's qualified pension plans are expected in 2015.
in addition to these plans, the company sponsors a post-retirement medical plan and a life insurance plan that provide benefits to full-time, salaried, management employees, hired prior to january 1, 2003, upon their retirement if certain eligibility requirements are met.  medicare-eligible retirees are covered by a health reimbursement arrangement, which is an employer-funded account that can be used for reimbursement of eligible medical expenses. non-medicare eligible retirees are covered by a self-insured program partially funded by participating retirees.  the life insurance plan is non-contributory.
for information related to the funded status of the company's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, see note 8, employee benefit plans.
the accounting for these plans is subject to the guidance provided in the compensation-retirement benefits topic in the asc. this rule requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the following:
the company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the company selects.  these amounts are reviewed by management.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued discount rates discount rates affect the amount of liability recorded and the interest expense component of pension and post-retirement expense.  discount rates reflect the rates at which pension and other post-retirement benefits could be effectively settled, or in other words, how much it would cost the company to buy enough high quality bonds to generate cash flow equal to the company's expected future benefit payments.  the company determines the discount rate based on the market yield as of year end for high quality corporate bonds whose maturities match the plans' expected benefit payments.
the discount rates used by the company to value its 2014 pension and post-retirement obligations are 4.00% and 3.60%, respectively.  for 2013, the discount rate used by the company to value its pension and post-retirement obligations was 4.75% and 4.25%, respectively.  discount rates may differ for pension and post-retirement benefits due to varying duration of the liabilities for projected payments for each plan.  as of december 2014, the estimated duration of pensions and post-retirement benefits is approximately 12 years and 8 years, respectively.
each year, these discount rates are reevaluated and adjusted using the current market interest rates for high quality corporate bonds to reflect the best estimate of the current effective settlement rates.  in general, if interest rates decline or rise, the assumed discount rates will change.
long-term rate of return on plan assets the expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. in estimating that rate, the company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well as the current and projected asset mix of the funds.  management balances market expectations obtained from various investment managers and economists with both market and actual plan historical returns to develop a reasonable estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on assets.  as this assumption is long-term, it is adjusted less frequently than other assumptions used in pension accounting.  the long-term rate of return on plan assets used by the company to value its pension obligation was 7.25% and 7.50% in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
salary scale inflation rates salary scale inflation rates are based on current trends and historical data accumulated by the company.  the company reviews recent wage increases and management incentive compensation payments over the past five years in its assessment of salary scale inflation rates.  the company used a salary scale rate of 3.75% to value its 2014 and 2013 pension obligations.
other assumptions the calculations made by the actuaries also include assumptions relating to health care cost trend rates, mortality rates, turnover and retirement age.  these assumptions are based upon historical data, recent plan experience and industry trends and are selected by management.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued
2015 estimated pension and post-retirement expense net pension and post-retirement benefits expense for 2015 is expected to be approximately $70 million and $20 million, respectively, compared to $58 million and $20 million, respectively, in 2014.  the increase in pension expense is primarily related to lower discount rates and adoption of new mortality tables, partially offset by favorable pension asset experience.
the following sensitivity analysis illustrates the effect of changes in certain assumptions like discount rates, salaries and health care costs on the 2014 estimated pension and post-retirement expense:
long-term rate of return 1% change       $23        n/a salary inflation 1% change                $9        n/a depreciation policies for assets utilizing the group-life method the company depreciates its rail assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the group-life method of accounting.  assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 85% of total fixed assets of $39 billion on a gross basis at december 2014. all other assets of the company are depreciated on a straight-line basis. the group-life method aggregates assets with similar lives and characteristics into groups and depreciates each of these groups as a whole.  when using the group-life method, an underlying assumption is that each group of assets, as a whole, is used and depreciated to the end of its recoverable life.
the company currently utilizes more than 130 different depreciable asset categories to account for depreciation expense for the railroad assets that are depreciated under the group-life method of accounting.  examples of depreciable asset categories include 18 different categories for crossties due to the different combinations of density classifications and asset types. by utilizing various depreciable categories, the company can more accurately account for the use of its assets.  all assets of the company are depreciated on a time or life basis.
the company believes the group-life method of depreciation closely approximates the straight-line method of depreciation.  additionally, due to the nature of most of its assets (e.g., track is one contiguous, connected asset), the company believes that this is the most effective way to properly depreciate its assets.
under the group-life method of accounting, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management's assumptions regarding the service lives of its properties.  a depreciation study (also referred to as a life study) is the periodic review of asset service lives, salvage values, accumulated depreciation, and other related factors for group assets conducted by a third-party specialist, analyzed by the company's management and approved by the stb, the regulatory board that has broad jurisdiction over railroad practices.  the stb requires depreciation studies be performed for equipment assets every three years and for road (e.g. bridges and signals) and track (e.g., rail, ties and ballast) assets every six years.  in 2014, the company completed a depreciation study for its road and track assets. in 2012, the company completed a depreciation study for its equipment assets and a technical update (an update to the prior depreciation study) for its road and track assets. the company believes the frequency currently required by the stb provides adequate review of asset service lives and that a more frequent review would not result in a material change due to the long-lived nature of most of the assets.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued changes in asset service lives due to the results of the depreciation studies are applied on a prospective basis and could significantly impact future periods' depreciation expense, and thus, the company's results of operations.
•   previous assessment of the condition of the assets and outlook for their continued use;
•   comparison of assets to the same asset groups with other companies.
for retirements or disposals of depreciable rail assets that occur in the ordinary course of business, the asset cost (net of salvage value or sales proceeds) is charged to accumulated depreciation and no gain or loss is recognized.  as individual assets within a specific group are retired, resulting gains and losses are recorded in accumulated depreciation.  as part of the depreciation study, an assessment of the recorded amount of accumulated depreciation is made to determine if it is deficient (or in excess) of the appropriate amount indicated by the study. any such deficiency (or excess), including any deferred gains or losses, is amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the remaining service life of the asset group until the next required depreciation study. since the overall assumption with group-life is that the assets within the group on average have the same service life and characteristics, it is therefore concluded that the deferred gains and losses offset over time.
recent experience with depreciation studies has resulted in depreciation rate changes which did not materially affect the company's annual depreciation expense of $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion for 2014 and 2013, respectively.  a 1% change in the average life of all group-life assets would result in an approximate $10 million change to the company's annual depreciation expense.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued income taxes csx accounts for income taxes in accordance with the income taxes topic in the asc that addresses how tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  under this topic, the company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position.  the amount recognized in the financial statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution.
csx files a consolidated federal income tax return, which includes its principal domestic subsidiaries. examinations of the federal income tax returns of csx have been completed through 2013.    during 2014, the company participated in a contemporaneous internal revenue service ("irs") audit of tax year 2014.  management believes an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that might be assessed.  while the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of csx management that none of these items will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or liquidity of csx.  an unexpected adverse resolution of one or more of these items, however, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year.  as of december 2014, the company's uncertain tax positions were $21 million.
forward-looking statements certain statements in this report and in other materials filed with the sec, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made by the company, are forward-looking statements. the company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and the provisions of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act may contain, among others, statements regarding:
•   projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes or other financial items;
•   expectations as to results of operations and operational initiatives;
•   expectations as to the effect of claims, lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity;
•   management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases, safety and service performance, proposed new services and other matters that are not historical facts, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved; and
•   future economic, industry or market conditions or performance and their effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
csx corporation part ii forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "estimate," "preliminary" and similar expressions. the company cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its good faith beliefs with respect to future events and are based on information currently available to it as of the date the forward-looking statement is made.  forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the timing when, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved.
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual performance or results could differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements. the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. if the company does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements. the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in part ii, item 1a (risk factors) and elsewhere in this report, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements:
•   legislative, regulatory or legal developments involving transportation, including rail or intermodal transportation, the environment, hazardous materials, taxation, and initiatives to further regulate the rail industry;
•   the outcome of litigation, claims and other contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel surcharge, environmental matters, taxes, shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication, personal injuries and occupational illnesses;
•   changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation) and the level of demand for products carried by csxt;
•   natural events such as severe weather conditions, including floods, fire, hurricanes and earthquakes, a pandemic crisis affecting the health of the company's employees, its shippers or the consumers of goods, or other unforeseen disruptions of the company's operations, systems, property or equipment;
•   competition from other modes of freight transportation, such as trucking and competition and consolidation within the transportation industry generally;
•   the cost of compliance with laws and regulations that differ from expectations (including those associated with positive train control implementation) and costs, penalties and operational impacts associated with noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations;
•   the impact of increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas, including potential effects of high speed rail initiatives, or regulatory changes affecting when csxt can transport freight or service routes;
•   unanticipated conditions in the financial markets that may affect timely access to capital markets and the cost of capital, as well as management's decisions regarding share repurchases;
•   changes in fuel prices, surcharges for fuel and the availability of fuel;
•   the impact of natural gas prices on coal-fired electricity generation;
•   availability of insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or insufficient insurance coverage to cover claims or damages;
•   the inherent business risks associated with safety and security, including the availability and vulnerability of information technology, adverse economic or operational effects from actual or threatened war or terrorist activities and any governmental response;
•   labor and benefit costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either the company's operations or customers' ability to deliver goods to the company for shipment;
•   the company's success in implementing its strategic, financial and operational initiatives;
•   changes in operating conditions and costs or commodity concentrations; and
•   the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions.
other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and in csx's other sec reports, which are accessible on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.csx.com. the information on the csx website is not part of this annual report on form 10-k.