item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business strategy cintas provides highly specialized products and services to businesses of all types primarily throughout north america, as well as latin america, europe and asia. we bring value to our customers by helping them provide a cleaner, safer and more pleasant atmosphere for their customers and employees. our products and services are designed to improve our customers' images. we also help our customers protect their employees and their company by enhancing workplace safety and helping to ensure legal compliance in key areas of their business.
we are north america's leading provider of corporate identity uniforms through rental and sales programs, as well as a significant provider of related business services, including entrance mats, restroom cleaning services and supplies, carpet and tile cleaning services, first aid, safety and fire protection products and services and document management services.
cintas' principal objective is "to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize the long-term value of cintas for shareholders and working partners," and it provides the framework and focus for cintas' business strategy. this strategy is to achieve revenue growth for all of our products and services by increasing our penetration at existing customers and by broadening our customer base to include business segments to which we have not historically served. we will also continue to identify additional product and service opportunities for our current and future customers.
to pursue the strategy of increasing penetration, we have a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals visiting our customers on a regular basis. this frequent contact with our customers enables us to develop close personal relationships. the combination of our distribution system and these strong customer relationships provides a platform from which we launch additional products and services.
we pursue the strategy of broadening our customer base in several ways. cintas has a national sales organization introducing all of our products and services to prospects in all business segments. our broad range of products and services allows our sales organization to consider any type of business a prospect. we also broaden our customer base through geographic expansion, especially in our first aid and safety and fire protection businesses. finally, we evaluate strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise.
results of operations cintas classifies its businesses into four operating segments based on the types of products and services provided. the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment consists predominantly of revenue derived from the rental of corporate identify uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, and the rental and/or sale of mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies and other rental services. the uniform direct sales operating segment consists of the direct sale of uniforms and related items. the first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment consists of first aid, safety and fire protection products and services. the document management services operating segment consists of document destruction (through april 30, 2014 as previously discussed), document imaging and document retention services.
on april 30, 2014, cintas completed its partnership transaction with the shareholders of shred-it international inc. ("shred-it") to combine cintas' document destruction business with shred-it's document destruction business (the "shredding transaction"). under the agreement, cintas and shred-it each contributed its document destruction ("shredding") business to a newly formed partnership. please see note 9 entitled acquisitions and deconsolidation of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information on the transaction.
fiscal 2014 total revenue was $4.6 billion, an increase of 5.5% compared to fiscal 2013. the increase primarily resulted from an organic growth increase of 5.9%. organic growth excludes the impact of acquisitions and disposals and adjusts
rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment revenue consists predominantly of revenue derived from the rental of corporate identity uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, and the rental and/or sale of mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies and other rental services. revenue from the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment increased 5.9% compared to fiscal 2013. the increase resulted from an organic growth increase in revenue of 6.3%. the amount of new business grew, resulting from an increase in the number and productivity of sales representatives. generally, sales productivity improvements are the result of increased tenure and improved training, which result in a higher number of products and services sold. revenue in fiscal 2014 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2013.
other services revenue, consisting of revenue from the reportable operating segments of uniform direct sales, first aid, safety and fire protection services and document management services, increased 4.4% compared to fiscal 2013. the increase primarily resulted from an organic growth increase of 4.9%, which was due largely to improved sales representative productivity partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price of recycled paper. additionally, in fiscal 2013, the company had some very large national account program sales that by their nature did not repeat in fiscal 2014. revenue decreased 0.1% due to the deconsolidation of the shredding business as a result of the shredding transaction, net of growth derived through acquisitions in our first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment and our document management services operating segment during fiscal 2014. revenue in fiscal 2014 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2013.
cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products increased 4.2% compared to fiscal 2013. cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products consists primarily of production expenses, delivery expenses and the amortization of in service inventory, including uniforms, mats, mops, shop towels and other ancillary items. the cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products increase compared to fiscal 2013 was due to increased rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment sales volume.
as a result of the shredding transaction, the company recorded in fiscal 2014 an asset impairment charge of $16.1 million and other transaction costs of $28.5 million. the impairment charge was related to the abandonment of information systems assets that were not contributed to the partnership and cannot be used by the company for other purposes. the other transaction costs consisted of the following: $4.7 million of professional and legal fees; $0.7 million of employee termination benefit costs; $12.4 million of stock compensation expense resulting from the immediate vesting of cintas stock options and awards of employees contributed to the partnership; a $4.2 million charge for information systems contracts for which no future economic benefit exists; and $6.5 million of incremental profit sharing and employee compensation resulting from the gain net of the impairment charge and other transaction costs. operating income of $567.0 million in fiscal 2014 increased $1.8 million, or 0.3%, compared to fiscal 2013. fiscal 2014 operating income was negatively impacted by $44.6 million due to the asset impairment charge and other shredding transaction costs previously described.
income before income taxes was $607.9 million, an increase of $108.0 million, or 21.6%, compared to fiscal 2013. income before income taxes was positively impacted by $61.8 million due to the shredding transaction. the remaining $46.2 million of increased income before income taxes was due to revenue growing at a faster rate than expenses.
the impact of the shredding transaction increased cintas' effective tax rate in fiscal 2014 from 37.2% to 38.4% compared to an effective tax rate of 36.9% in fiscal 2013. see note 8 entitled income taxes of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for more information.
selling and administrative expenses for the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment increased $52.2 million in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to increases in labor and other employee-partner related expenses. selling and administrative expense as a percent of revenue for fiscal 2014 was 27.5% compared to 27.4% in fiscal 2013. the fiscal 2013 percentage was positively impacted by approximately 20 basis points from a gain on sale of stock of an equity method investment.
uniform direct sales operating segment uniform direct sales operating segment revenue decreased $5.8 million, or 1.3%, compared to fiscal 2013. revenue in fiscal 2014 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2013. in fiscal 2013, the company had some very large national account program sales that by their nature did not repeat in fiscal 2014. the fiscal 2013 activity included the largest customer program roll-out in cintas history. cost of uniform direct sales decreased $0.9 million, or 0.3%, compared to fiscal 2013. the gross margin as a percent of revenue was 28.5% for fiscal 2014 compared to 29.3% in fiscal 2013. the fiscal 2013 gross margin benefited significantly from the revenue from our all-time largest customer program roll-out.
first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment revenue increased $53.8 million in fiscal 2014, a 11.7% increase compared to fiscal 2013. revenue in fiscal 2014 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2013. revenue increased organically by 9.4% due to improvements in sales representative productivity. acquisitions resulted in revenue growth of 2.7%.
selling and administrative expenses increased by $20.1 million, or 12.8%, in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 primarily due to an increase in labor and other employee-partner related expenses. selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue, at 34.3%, increased from 33.9% in fiscal 2013. the fiscal 2013 percentage was positively impacted by approximately 20 basis points from a gain on sale of stock of an equity method investment.
document management services operating segment on april 30, 2014, cintas completed its partnership transaction with the shareholders of shred-it to combine cintas' document destruction business with shred-it's document destruction business. under the agreement, cintas and shred-it each contributed its document destruction business to a newly formed partnership. please see note 9 entitled acquisitions and deconsolidation of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information on the transaction.
in fiscal 2014, the company realized a $106.4 million gain on deconsolidation of the shredding business. in addition, as a result of the shredding transaction, the company recorded an asset impairment charge of $16.1 million and other transaction costs of $28.5 million. the impairment charge was related to the abandonment of information systems assets that were not contributed to the partnership and cannot be used by the company for other purposes. the other transaction costs consisted of the following: $4.7 million of professional and legal fees; $0.7 million of employee termination benefit costs; $12.4 million of stock compensation expense resulting from the immediate vesting of cintas stock options and awards of employees contributed to the partnership; a $4.2 million charge for information systems contracts for which no future economic benefit exists; and $6.5 million of incremental profit sharing and employee compensation resulting from the gain net of the impairment charge and other transaction costs.
fiscal 2013 total revenue was $4.3 billion, an increase of 5.2% compared to fiscal 2012. the increase primarily resulted from an organic growth increase of 4.9%. revenue in fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2012. the remaining 0.7% increase represents growth derived through acquisitions in our first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment and our document management services operating segment during the year. organic growth by quarter is shown in the table below. organic growth percentages have been adjusted for the appropriate number of workdays, by quarter and for the year, where applicable.
rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment revenue consists predominantly of revenue derived from the rental of corporate identity uniforms and other garments, including flame resistant clothing, and the rental and/or sale of mats, mops, shop towels, restroom supplies and other rental services. revenue from the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment increased 4.5% compared to fiscal 2012. the increase resulted from an organic growth increase in revenue of 4.9%. this organic increase in the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment revenue was primarily due to improvements in sales representative productivity. generally, sales productivity improvements are the result of increased tenure and improved training, which result in a higher number of products and services sold. revenue in fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2012.
other services revenue, consisting of revenue from the reportable operating segments of uniform direct sales, first aid, safety and fire protection services and document management services, increased 6.9% compared to fiscal 2012. the increase primarily resulted from an organic growth increase of 4.9%, which was due to improved sales representative productivity, increased customer orders for uniforms and several large customer uniform roll-outs, slightly offset by a decrease in the average selling price of recycled paper. revenue increased 2.4% as a result of growth derived through acquisitions in our first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment and our document management services operating segment during fiscal 2013. revenue in fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2012.
cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products increased 6.5% compared to fiscal 2012. cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products consists primarily of production expenses, delivery expenses and the amortization of in service inventory, including uniforms, mats, mops, shop towels and other ancillary items. the cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products increase compared to fiscal 2012 was due to increased rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment sales volume.
selling and administrative expenses increased $22.9 million, or 1.9%, compared to fiscal 2012 due to increases in labor and other employee-partner related expenses. however, selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue, at 28.3%, decreased from 29.2% in fiscal 2012 due to improvements in sales representative productivity, cost control initiatives, the gain on the sale of stock of an equity method investment and lower amortization of intangible assets related to prior year acquisitions.
operating income of $565.2 million in fiscal 2013 increased $25.6 million, or 4.7%, compared to fiscal 2012. this increase was primarily due to increased revenue in fiscal 2013, improved capacity utilization and revenue growing at a faster rate than the selling and administrative expenses.
net interest expense (interest expense less interest income) decreased $3.4 million from fiscal 2012. this decrease was due to the maturity of the $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.0% senior notes on june 1, 2012, offset by the issuance of $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022 in the first quarter of fiscal 2013.
cintas' effective tax rate of 36.9% in fiscal 2013 was consistent to the fiscal 2012 effective tax rate of 36.8% (also see note 8 entitled income taxes of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for more information on income taxes).
rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment as discussed above, rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment revenue increased $132.3 million, or 4.5%, and the cost of rental uniforms and ancillary products increased $107.7 million, or 6.5%. the operating segment's fiscal 2013 gross margin was 42.3% of revenue compared to 43.4% in fiscal 2012. the decrease in gross margin as a percent of revenue over fiscal 2012 was primarily due to higher material cost associated with new customer accounts which requires increased in service inventory, costs associated with route expansion and a $1.6 million write-off of a garment processing system.
selling and administrative expenses for the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment increased $1.0 million in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 primarily due to increases in labor and other employee-partner related expenses, offset by a gain on the sale of stock of an equity method investment and lower amortization of intangible assets related to prior year acquisitions. however, selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue, at 27.4%, decreased from 28.6% in fiscal 2012. this decrease as a percent of revenue was primarily due to higher rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment revenue from greater sales representative productivity in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
income before income taxes increased $23.5 million to $453.0 million for the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment for fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. income before income taxes as a percent of revenue, at 14.9%, increased from 14.7% in fiscal 2012. this increase in income before income taxes is primarily due to revenue increasing at a faster rate of 4.5% compared to a 4.4% increase in operating expenses. revenue grew at a faster rate due primarily to improvements in sales representative productivity and improved customer retention.
uniform direct sales operating segment uniform direct sales operating segment revenue increased $27.3 million, or 6.3%, compared to fiscal 2012 due to increased customer orders for uniforms and several large customer uniform roll-outs. cost of uniform direct sales increased $22.0 million, or 7.2%, compared to fiscal 2012. the gross margin as a percent of revenue was 29.3% for fiscal 2013 compared to 29.9% in fiscal 2012. this decrease in gross margin as a percent of revenue over fiscal 2012 was due to a less profitable mix of products being sold and costs incurred in conjunction with the large customer uniform roll-outs that occurred in fiscal 2013.
income before income taxes was $53.2 million in fiscal 2013, an increase of $4.2 million, or 8.6%, compared to fiscal 2012. income before income taxes as a percent of revenue, at 11.5%, increased from 11.3% in fiscal 2012. this increase in income before income taxes is primarily due to revenue increasing at a faster rate of 6.3% compared to a 6.0% increase in operating expenses, due to improved capacity utilization from the higher revenue levels.
first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment revenue increased $44.9 million in fiscal 2013, a 10.8% increase compared to fiscal 2012. this increase primarily resulted from an organic growth increase of 6.8% due to improvements in sales representative productivity. acquisitions resulted in revenue growth of 4.4%. revenue in fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2012.
cost of first aid, safety and fire protection services increased $24.0 million, or 10.1%, in fiscal 2013, due primarily to increased first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment volume. gross margin for the first aid, safety and fire protection services operating segment is defined as revenue less cost of goods, warehouse expenses, service expenses and training expenses. the gross margin as a percent of revenue was 43.3% for fiscal 2013 compared to 42.9% in fiscal 2012. this increase is due to higher revenue as a result of improved sales representative productivity and improved capacity utilization from the higher revenue levels.
selling and administrative expenses increased by $12.9 million, or 9.0%, in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 primarily due to an increase in labor and other employee-partner related expenses. however, selling and administrative expenses as a percent of revenue, at 33.9%, decreased from 34.5% in fiscal 2012 due to revenue growing at a faster rate than selling and administrative expenses as a result of improvements in sales representative productivity.
document management services operating segment document management services operating segment revenue increased $9.9 million for fiscal 2013, or 2.9%, over fiscal 2012. this increase primarily resulted from acquisitions, which accounted for revenue growth of 2.9%. revenue in fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by 0.4% due to one less workday compared to fiscal 2012. the remaining 0.4% represents an organic growth increase. this operating segment derives a portion of its revenue from the sale of shredded paper to paper recyclers. the average price from these paper sales decreased by approximately 19% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012, due to decreases in recycled paper prices. this decrease resulted in lower recycled paper revenue.
liquidity and capital resources the following is a summary of our cash flows and cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of and for the fiscal years ending may 31:
net cash provided by operating activities            $607,969                 $552,748
net cash used in investing activities                $(16,543      )         $(284,181   )
net cash used in financing activities                $(429,735     )         $(256,058   )
marketable securities at the end of the period       $-                         $5,680
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of may 31, 2014 and may 31, 2013 include $40.2 million and $50.7 million that is located outside of the united states. we expect to use these amounts to fund our international operations and international expansion activities.
cash flows provided by operating activities have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity. we generally use these cash flows to fund most, if not all, of our operations and expansion activities and dividends on our common stock. we may also use cash flows provided by operating activities, as well as proceeds from long-term debt and short-term borrowings, to fund growth and expansion opportunities, as well as other cash requirements such as the repurchase of our common stock.
net cash provided by operating activities was $608.0 million for fiscal 2014, an increase of $55.2 million compared to fiscal 2013. along with the increase in net income, cash flow was positively impacted by changes in uniforms and other rental items in service, accrued compensation and related liabilities, and accrued liabilities.
net cash used in investing activities was $16.5 million and $284.2 million for fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital expenditures were $145.6 million and $196.5 million for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013, respectively. capital expenditures for fiscal 2014 included $94.2 million for the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment and $34.4 million for the document management services operating segment. cash paid for acquisitions of businesses was $33.4 million and $69.4 million for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013, respectively. the acquisitions in fiscal 2014 and 2013 occurred in our first aid, safety and fire protection services and document management services operating segments. on april 30, 2014, cintas completed its previously announced partnership transaction with the shareholders of shred-it to combine cintas' document destruction business with shred-it's document destruction business. in addition to its 42% ownership of the partnership, cintas received $180.0 million in cash at the closing of the transaction. net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2014 and 2013 also includes net purchases of marketable securities and investments of $11.7 million and $17.0 million, respectively.
net cash used in financing activities was $429.7 million and $256.1 million for fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. on october 18, 2011, we announced that the board of directors authorized a $500.0 million share buyback program. beginning in april 2012, under the october 18, 2011 share buyback program, through may 31, 2013, cintas purchased a total of 8.4 million shares of cintas common stock at an average price of $40.23 per share for a total purchase price of $337.5 million. for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2013, cintas acquired 0.2 million shares of cintas common stock in trade for employee payroll taxes due on restricted stock awards that vested during the fiscal year. these shares were acquired at an average price of $38.04 per share for a total purchase price of $7.7 million. during fiscal 2014, under the october 18, 2011 share buyback program, cintas purchased a total of 3.3 million shares of cintas common stock at an average price of $48.87 per share for a total purchase price of $162.5 million. these purchases completed the october 18, 2011 share buyback program. on july 30, 2013, cintas announced that the board of directors approved an additional share buyback program of $500.0 million. the july 30, 2013 buyback program does not have an expiration date. beginning in april 2014, under the july 30, 2013 program, through may 31, 2014, cintas purchased a total of 3.3 million shares of cintas stock at an average price of $59.72 per share for a total purchase price of $199.5 million. under the july 30, 2013 program, through july 30, 2014 cintas has purchased a total of 4.1 million shares of cintas common stock at an average price of $60.15 per share for a total purchase price of $245.2 million. for the fiscal year ended may 31, 2014, cintas acquired 0.2 million shares of cintas common stock in trade for employee payroll taxes due on restricted stock awards that vested during the fiscal year. these shares were acquired at an average price of $50.45 per share for a total purchase price of $8.6 million.
we paid an annual cash dividend of $93.3 million, or $0.77 per share, in december 2013. on a per share basis, this dividend is an increase of 20.3% over the dividend paid in fiscal 2013. this marks the 31st consecutive year that cintas has increased its annual dividend, every year since going public in 1983.
as of may 31, 2014, we had $1,300.0 million aggregate principal amount in fixed rate senior notes outstanding with maturities ranging from 2016 to 2036. on june 1, 2012, cintas repaid at maturity $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.00% senior notes due 2012. on june 5, 2012, cintas issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due june 1, 2022. these senior notes bear interest at a rate of 3.25% paid semi-annually beginning december 1, 2012. the net proceeds generated from the offering ($25.0 million) were used for general corporate purposes. as of may 31, 2014, we also had outstanding $250.0 million of 30-year senior notes issued in fiscal 2007 at a rate of 6.15%, $300.0 million of 10-year senior notes issued in fiscal 2008 at a rate of 6.125%, $250.0 million of 5-year senior notes issued in fiscal 2011 at a rate of 2.85% and $250.0 million of 10-year senior notes issued in 2011 at a rate of 4.30%. during fiscal 2014, cintas repaid a $7.5 million 5-year loan that was issued in 2009 for funding the construction of a facility.
cintas' commercial paper program has a capacity of $300.0 million that is fully supported by a backup revolving credit facility through a credit agreement with its banking group. this revolving credit facility has an accordion feature that allows for a maximum borrowing capacity of $450.0 million. the revolving credit facility was amended on may 29, 2014 to extend that maturity date from october 6, 2016 to may 28, 2019, to adjust the applicable margin used to calculate the interest payable on any outstanding loans, and to adjust the facility fee payable under the agreement. we believe that this program, along with cash generated from operations, will be adequate to provide necessary funding for our future cash requirements. no commercial paper or borrowings on our revolving credit facility were outstanding at may 31, 2014 or 2013.
cintas has certain covenants related to debt agreements. these covenants limit our ability to incur certain liens, to engage in sale-leaseback transactions and to merge, consolidate or sell all or substantially all of cintas' assets. these covenants also require cintas to maintain certain debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) and interest coverage ratios. cross-default provisions exist between certain debt instruments. if a default of a significant covenant were to occur, the default could result in an acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness, impair liquidity and limit the ability to raise future capital. as of may 31, 2014, cintas was in compliance with all debt covenants.
our access to the commercial paper and long-term debt markets has historically provided us with sources of liquidity. we do not anticipate having difficulty in obtaining financing from those markets in the future in view of our favorable experiences in the debt markets in the recent past. our ability to continue to access the commercial paper and long-term debt markets on favorable interest rate and other terms will depend, to a significant degree, on the ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies to our indebtedness. as of may 31, 2014, our ratings were as follows:
rating agency               outlook    commercial paper   long-term debt standard &amp; poor's       positive   a-2                bbb+
in the event that the ratings of our commercial paper or our outstanding long-term debt issues were substantially lowered or withdrawn for any reason, or if the ratings assigned to any new issue of long-term debt securities were significantly lower than those noted above, particularly if we no longer had investment grade ratings, our ability to access the debt markets may be adversely affected. in addition, in such a case, our cost of funds for new issues of commercial paper and long-term debt would be higher than our cost of funds would have been had the ratings of those new issues been at or above the level of the ratings noted above. the rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or debt securities. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. moreover, each credit rating is specific to the security to which it applies.
to monitor our credit rating and our capacity for long-term financing, we consider various qualitative and quantitative factors. one such factor is the ratio of our total debt to ebitda. for the purpose of this calculation, debt is defined as the sum of short-term borrowings, long-term debt due within one year, obligations under capital leases due in one year, long-term debt and long-term obligations under capital leases.
unconditional purchase obligations                         -                       -                           -                           -                           -
(1)   long-term debt primarily consists of $1,300.0 million in senior notes (reference note 6 entitled long-term debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a detailed discussion of long-term debt).
(2)   operating leases consist primarily of operational facility leases.
other commitments amount of commitment expiration per period
(in thousands)                             total        one yearor less              two tothree years            four tofive years            after fiveyears lines of credit (1)                $299,916             $-                           $-                           $299,916                     $-
standby letters of credit (2)        85,115             85,115                       -                            -                            -
total other commitments            $385,031             $85,115                      $-                           $299,916                     $-
(1)   back-up facility for the commercial paper program (reference note 6 entitled long-term debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for further discussion).
(2)   support certain outstanding debt (reference note 6 entitled long-term debt and derivatives of "notes to consolidated financial statements"), self-insured workers' compensation and general liability insurance programs.
inflation and changing prices changes in wages, benefits and energy costs have the potential to materially impact cintas' consolidated financial results. management believes inflation has not had a material impact on cintas' consolidated financial condition or a negative impact on results of operations.
litigation and other contingencies cintas is subject to legal proceedings and claims arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. in the opinion of management, the aggregate liability, if any, with respect to such ordinary course of business actions will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of cintas. cintas is party to additional litigation not considered in the ordinary course of business. please refer to "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 13 entitled litigation and other contingencies of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for a detailed discussion of certain specific litigation.
new accounting standards in february 2013, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu")2013-02, "comprehensive income (topic 220): reporting of amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income." asu 2013-02 requires an entity to present (either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes) the effects on the line items of net income of significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income if the item reclassified is required under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. for reclassification items not required under gaap to be reclassified directly to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period, an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures currently required under gaap that provide additional detail about those amounts. the company adopted asu 2013-02 effective june 1, 2013. see note 14 entitled accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of "notes to consolidated condensed financial statements" for details of required disclosure.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" to clarify revenue recognition principles. this guidance is intended to improve disclosure requirements and enhance the comparability of revenue recognition practices. improved disclosures under the amended guidance relate to the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized from contracts with customers. this guidance will be effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016 and will be required to be applied retrospectively. we are currently evaluating the impact that this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of cintas' consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and judgments that have a significant effect on the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. these critical accounting policies should be read in conjunction with note 1 entitled significant accounting policies of "notes to consolidated financial statements." significant changes, estimates or assumptions related to any of the following critical accounting policies could possibly have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition rental revenue, which is recorded in the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment, is recognized when services are performed. other services revenue, which is recorded in the uniform direct sales, first aid, safety and fire protection services and document management services operating segments, is recognized when either services are performed or when products are shipped and the title and risks of ownership pass to the customer.
allowance for doubtful accounts cintas establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts. this allowance includes an estimate based on historical rates of collections and allowances for specific accounts identified as uncollectible. the allowance that is an estimate based on the company's historical rates of collections is recorded for overdue amounts, beginning with a nominal percentage and increasing substantially as the account ages. the amount provided as the account ages will differ slightly between the rental uniforms and ancillary products operating segment and the three other operating segments because of differences in customers served and the nature of each operating segment.
uniforms and other rental items in service uniforms and other rental items in service are valued at cost less amortization, calculated using the straight-line method. uniforms in service (other than cleanroom and flame resistant clothing) are amortized over their useful life of 18 months. other rental items, including shop towels, mats, mops, cleanroom garments, flame resistant clothing, linens and restroom dispensers, are amortized over their useful lives, which range from 8 to 60 months. the amortization rates used are based on industry experience, cintas' specific experience and wear tests performed by cintas. these factors are critical to determining the amount of in service inventory that is presented in the consolidated financial statements.
investments investments consists primarily of cash surrender value of life insurance policies and equity method investments. in general, equity method investments are initially measured at cost. however, an equity method investment resulting from a transaction in which a controlled group of assets that constitutes a business is deconsolidated is initially measured at fair value. cintas recognizes its share of the investee's earnings or losses in income. cintas also adjusts its share of the investee's earnings for intra-entity transactions, basis differences, investee capital transactions and other comprehensive income. equity method investments are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment might not be recoverable.
goodwill goodwill, obtained through acquisitions of businesses, is valued at cost less any impairment. cintas completes an annual impairment test which may include an assessment of qualitative factors including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, and entity specific factors such as strategies and financial performance. the test may also include the determination of the estimated fair value of cintas reporting units via comparisons to current market values, where available, and discounted cash flow analyses. significant assumptions may include growth rates based on historical trends and margin improvement leveraged from such growth, as well as discount rates. based on the results of the annual impairment tests, cintas was not required to recognize an impairment of goodwill for the fiscal years ended may 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012. cintas will continue to perform impairment tests as of march 1 in future years and when indicators of impairment exist.
service contracts and other assets service contracts and other assets, which consist primarily of noncompete and consulting agreements obtained through acquisitions of businesses, are amortized by use of the straight-line method over the estimated lives of the agreements, which are generally 5 to 10 years. certain noncompete agreements, as well as all service contracts, require that a valuation be determined using a discounted cash flow model. the assumptions and judgments used in these models involve estimates of cash flows and discount rates, among other factors. because of the assumptions used to value these intangible assets, actual results over time could vary from original estimates. impairment of service contracts and other assets is accomplished through specific identification. no impairment has been recognized by cintas for the fiscal years ended may 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012.
stock-based compensation compensation expense is recognized for all share-based payments to employees, including stock options and restricted stock awards, in the consolidated statements of income based on the fair value of the awards that are granted. the fair value of stock options is estimated at the date of grant using the black-scholes option-pricing model. measured compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the related share-based compensation award. see note 12 entitled stock-based compensation of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for further information.
litigation and environmental matters cintas is subject to legal proceedings and claims related to environmental matters arising from the ordinary course of business. gaap requires that a liability for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has occurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required to determine the existence of a liability, as well as the amount to be recorded. while a significant change in assumptions and judgments could have a material impact on the amounts recorded for contingent liabilities, cintas does not believe that they will result in a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements.
a detailed discussion of litigation matters is discussed in note 13 entitled litigation and other contingencies of "notes to consolidated financial statements."
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined by the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. see note 8 entitled income taxes of "notes to consolidated financial statements" for the types of items that give rise to significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities. deferred income taxes are classified as assets or liabilities based on the classification of the related asset or liability for financial reporting purposes. deferred income taxes that are not related to an asset or liability for financial reporting are classified according to the expected reversal date. cintas regularly reviews deferred tax assets for recoverability based upon projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the recorded deferred tax assets, as adjusted for valuation allowances, will be realized.
cintas is periodically reviewed by domestic and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these reviews include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various filing positions, cintas records reserves as deemed appropriate. based on cintas' evaluation of current tax positions, cintas believes its tax related accruals are appropriate.