item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations md&a discusses dominion’s results of operations and general financial condition and virginia power’s and dominion gas’ results of operations. md&a should be read in conjunction with item 1. business and the consolidated financial statements in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. virginia power and dominion gas meet the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore have omitted certain sections of md&a.
Ÿ   liquidity and capital resources—dominion
forward-looking statements this report contains statements concerning the companies’ expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. these statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in most cases, the reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such words as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,” “may,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words.
the companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. additionally, other factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. these factors include but are not limited to:
Ÿ   unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices;
Ÿ   extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities;
Ÿ   changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or discharge limits for ghgs and other emissions, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances;
Ÿ   changes in enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
Ÿ   changes in regulator implementation of environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
Ÿ   difficult to anticipate mitigation requirements associated with environmental approvals;
Ÿ   risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities;
Ÿ   unplanned outages at facilities in which the companies have an ownership interest;
Ÿ   fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on dominion’s and dominion gas’ earnings and the companies’ liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets;
Ÿ   counterparty credit and performance risk;
Ÿ   capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms;
Ÿ   risks associated with virginia power’s membership and participation in pjm, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other participants;
Ÿ   fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by dominion and virginia power and in benefit plan trusts by dominion and dominion gas;
Ÿ   changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital;
Ÿ   employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees;
Ÿ   impacts of acquisitions, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint ventures or dominion midstream, and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio reviews;
Ÿ   receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for acquisitions and divestitures;
Ÿ   changes in rules for rtos and isos in which dominion and virginia power participate, including changes in rate designs, changes in ferc’s interpretation of market rules and new and evolving capacity models;
Ÿ   political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation;
Ÿ   domestic terrorism and other threats to the companies’ physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity;
Ÿ                                                      changes in demand for the companies’ services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the companies’ service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to dominion gas’ pipeline and processing systems, failure to maintain or replace customer contracts on favorable terms, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods;
Ÿ                                  additional competition in industries in which the companies operate, including in electric markets in which dominion’s merchant generation facilities operate, and competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in virginia power’s service territory in connection with ferc order 1000;
Ÿ   changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies;
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
Ÿ   timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or expansion projects and compliance with conditions associated with such regulatory approvals;
Ÿ   the inability to complete planned construction, conversion or expansion projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames initially anticipated;
Ÿ   adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings; and
Ÿ   the impact of operational hazards including adverse developments with respect to pipeline safety or integrity, and other catastrophic events.
additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ from predicted results are set forth in item 1a. risk factors.
accounting matters critical accounting policies and estimates dominion has identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different assumptions. dominion has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the audit committee of its board of directors.
accounting for regulated operations the accounting for dominion’s regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that dominion is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. for regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. when it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs are deferred as regulatory assets that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies. likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator.
dominion evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. the expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. if recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is made. see notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
asset retirement obligations dominion recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the aro can be reasonably estimated. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, dominion estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. the impact on measurements of new aros or remeasurements of existing aros, using different cost escalation rates in the future, may be significant. when dominion revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset for assets that are in service; for assets that have ceased operations, dominion adjusts the carrying amount of the aro liability with such changes recognized in income. dominion accretes the aro liability to reflect the passage of time.
in 2014, 2013 and 2012, dominion recognized $81 million, $86 million and $77 million, respectively, of accretion, and expects to recognize $86 million in 2015. dominion records accretion and depreciation associated with utility nuclear decommissioning aros as an adjustment to the regulatory liability related to its nuclear decommissioning trust.
a significant portion of dominion’s aros relates to the future decommissioning of its merchant and utility nuclear facilities. these nuclear decommissioning aros are reported in the dominion generation segment. at december 31, 2014, dominion’s nuclear decommissioning aros totaled $1.4 billion, representing approximately 84% of its total aros. based on their significance, the following discussion of critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of aros relates to those associated with dominion’s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
dominion obtains from third-party specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for its nuclear plants. these cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. in addition, dominion’s cost estimates include cost escalation rates that are applied to the base year costs. dominion determines cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear facility. the selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assumptions.
in december 2013, dominion recorded a reduction of $129 million ($47 million of which was credited to income) in the nuclear decommissioning aros for its units due to a reduction in estimated costs.
income taxes judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. the interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.
given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and filing of income taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. at december 31, 2014, dominion had $145 million of unrecognized tax benefits. changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. dominion evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. dominion establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. at december 31, 2014, dominion had established $87 million of valuation allowances.
accounting for derivative contracts and other instruments at fair value dominion uses derivative contracts such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and ftrs to manage commodity, currency exchange and financial market risks of its business operations. derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. accounting requirements for derivatives and related hedging activities are complex and may be subject to further clarification by standard-setting bodies. the majority of investments held in dominion’s nuclear decommissioning and rabbi and benefit plan trust funds are also subject to fair value accounting. see notes 6 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these fair value measurements.
ing pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, dominion considers whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. if pricing information from external sources is not available, or if dominion believes that observable pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. in those cases, dominion must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market assumptions.
use of estimates in goodwill impairment testing as of december 31, 2014, dominion reported $3.0 billion of goodwill in its consolidated balance sheet. a significant portion resulted from the acquisition of the former cng in 2000.
in april of each year, dominion tests its goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the 2014, 2013 and 2012 annual tests and any interim tests did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment.
in general, dominion estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies and analyses of recent business combinations involving peer group companies. fair value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as dominion’s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent transactions. these underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, particularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in dominion’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a future impairment of goodwill. although dominion has consistently applied the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available at the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. if the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent tests had been 10% lower, the resulting fair values would have still been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
use of estimates in long-lived asset impairment testing impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets or for intangible assets with definite lives is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. when an asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. performing an impairment test on long-lived
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about operating the long-lived assets and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. when determining whether an asset or asset group has been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. for example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset, including future production and sales levels, expected fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets.
employee benefit plans dominion sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. the projected costs of providing benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. the impact of changes in these factors, as well as differences between dominion’s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the consolidated statements of income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than immediately.
the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of:
Ÿ   expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations;
Ÿ   investment allocation of plan assets. the strategic target asset allocation for dominion’s pension funds is 28% u.s. equity, 18% non-u.s. equity,
33% fixed income, 3% real estate and 18% other alternative investments, such as private equity investments.
strategic investment policies are established for dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies. factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns.
dominion develops assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. an internal committee selects the final assumptions. dominion calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.75% for 2014 and 8.50% for 2013 and 2012. for 2015, the expected long-term rate of return for pension cost assumption is 8.75%. dominion calculated its other postretirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption of 8.50% for 2014 and 7.75% for 2013 and 2012. for 2015, the expected long-term rate of return for other postretirement benefit cost assumption is 8.50%. the rate used in calculating other postretirement benefit cost is lower than the rate used in calculating pension cost because of differences in the relative amounts of various types of investments held as plan assets.
dominion determines discount rates from analyses of aa/aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. the discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost ranged from 5.20% to 5.30% for pension plans and 5.00% to 5.10% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2014, ranged from 4.40% to 4.80% in 2013 and were 5.50% in 2012. dominion selected a discount rate of 4.40% for determining both its december 31, 2014 projected pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
dominion establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected, and demographics of plan participants. dominion’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of december 31, 2014 was 7.00% and is expected to gradually decrease to 5.00% by 2018 and continue at that rate for years thereafter.
dominion develops its mortality assumption using plan-specific studies and projects mortality improvement using scales developed by the society of actuaries.
the following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions previously discussed, while holding all other assumptions constant:
increase in net periodic cost change in                      pension                                         other actuarial assumption           benefits                      postretirement benefits
in addition to the effects on cost, at december 31, 2014, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase dominion’s projected pension benefit obligation by $236 million and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $47 million, while a 1.00% increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $186 million.
see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on dominion’s employee benefit plans.
net income attributable to dominion decreased by 23% primarily due to charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities, charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise, and the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014. see note 13 for more information on legislation related to north anna and offshore wind facilities. see liquidity and capital resources for more information on the liability management exercise. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in investment tax credits received, primarily from new solar projects.
purchased electric capacity                                    361             3                   358                (29   )                387
Ÿ   a $195 million decrease primarily related to the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business which was completed in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting the termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities.
Ÿ   a $171 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:
Ÿ   an increase from rate adjustment clauses at electric utility operations ($132 million); and
Ÿ   an increase in sales from electric utility operations primarily due to an increase in heating degree days ($34 million);
Ÿ   a $46 million increase in gas transportation and storage activities and other revenues, largely due to various expansion projects being placed into service; and
Ÿ   $370 million in charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities;
Ÿ   a $135 million increase in planned outage costs at certain merchant generation facilities and at certain non-nuclear utility facilities; and
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued
Ÿ   a $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities.
Ÿ   a gain on the sale of dominion’s electric retail energy marketing business in march 2014 ($100 million), net of a $31 million write-off of goodwill;
Ÿ   a $67 million decrease primarily due to the deferral of utility nuclear outage costs beginning in the second quarter of 2014, pursuant to the virginia legislation enacted in april 2014;
interest and related charges increased 36%, primarily due to charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise in 2014 ($284 million) and higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from debt issuances in 2014 ($44 million).
income tax expense decreased 49%, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income ($350 million) and the impact of federal renewable energy investment tax credits ($105 million).
Ÿ   a $162 million decrease in producer services primarily related to unfavorable price changes on economic hedging positions, partially offset by higher physical margins, all associated with natural gas aggregation, marketing and trading activities;
Ÿ   a $111 million decrease in retail energy marketing activities primarily due to the impact of lower margins on electric sales due to higher purchased power costs; and
Ÿ   a $161 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:
Ÿ   a decrease in ancillary revenues received from pjm ($12 million) primarily due to a decrease in net operating reserve credits; and
Ÿ                                                     a $144 million increase from regulated natural gas transmission operations primarily related to the appalachian gateway project that was placed into service in september 2012 ($44 million), an increase in gathering and storage services ($38 million), ngl activities primarily related to an increase in processing and fractionation volumes ($19 million) and the northeast expansion project that was placed into service in november 2012 ($16 million).
Ÿ   a $123 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are recovered through ferc rates;
Ÿ   a $35 million increase due to the absence of adjustments recorded in 2012 in connection with the 2012 north carolina rate case;
Ÿ   a $26 million charge related to the expected shutdown of certain coal-fired generating units.
other income increased 19%, primarily due to higher realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($40 million) and a gain on the sale of dominion’s 50% equity method investment in elwood ($35 million), partially offset by a decrease in the equity component of afudc ($15 million) and a decrease in earnings from equity method investments ($11 million).
income tax expense increased 10%, primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income in 2013 ($169 million), partially offset by an increase in renewable energy investment tax credits ($46 million) and a lower effective rate for state income taxes ($45 million).
outlook dominion’s strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. the goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. dominion expects 80% to 90% of future earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted businesses.
Ÿ   a return to normal weather in its electric utility operations;
Ÿ   growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales of approximately 1%, comparable to 2014 growth;
Ÿ   construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations and associated rate adjustment clause revenue;
Ÿ                                                   the absence of certain charges incurred in 2014, including charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities, charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise, charges related to the repositioning of dominion’s producer services business, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014, and charges related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities;
Ÿ   a higher effective tax rate, driven primarily by higher state income tax expense and lower investment tax credits.
additionally, in 2015, dominion expects to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including by making significant investments in utility solar generation, particularly in virginia.
segment results of operations segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. presented below is a summary of contributions by dominion’s operating segments to net income attributable to dominion:
electricity delivered (million mwh)                                        83.5             1   %             82.4             2   %             80.8
ferc transmission equity return               27                      0.04
ferc transmission equity return                   30                      0.05
(1)   excludes restoration costs associated with damage caused by severe storms in 2012, which are reflected in the corporate and other segment.
electricity supplied
utility                                                                      83.9                   1   %             82.8             2   %             80.9
degree days (electric utility service area):
(1)   excludes 7.6 million and 12.8 million mwh for 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to kewaunee, brayton point, kincaid, state line, salem and dominion’s equity method investment in elwood. there are no exclusions related to these stations in 2014.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting dominion generation’s net income contribution:
rate adjustment clause equity return             (8     )               (0.01   )
renewable energy investment tax credits          97                      0.17
afudc equity return                             (17     )               (0.04   )
salaries and benefits                           (11     )               (0.03   )
rate adjustment clause equity return             35               0.06
renewable energy investment tax credits          40               0.07
(1)   excludes charges incurred in 2013 associated with the ongoing exit of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities which are reflected in the corporate and other segment.
specific items attributable to operating segments                $(544        )       $(184        )       $(1,467        )
specific items attributable to corporate and other segment             (149   )             —                        (5   )
total specific items                                                   (693   )             (184   )             (1,472   )
total specific items corporate and other includes specific items attributable to dominion’s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing those segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of these items in more detail. corporate and other also includes specific items attributable to the corporate and other segment. in 2014, this primarily includes $174 million in after-tax charges associated with dominion’s liability management exercise.
net income decreased by 25% primarily due to charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities.
net income increased by 8% primarily due to an increase in rate adjustment clause revenue, the impact of more favorable weather on utility operations, and the absence of restoration costs associated with damage caused by late june 2012 summer storms.
purchased electric capacity                                    360             2                   358           (28   )               386
Ÿ   $370 million in charges associated with virginia legislation enacted in april 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at north anna and offshore wind facilities; and
Ÿ   a $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain generation facilities.
Ÿ   a decrease in ancillary revenues received from pjm ($12 million) primarily due to a decrease in net operating reserve credits.
Ÿ   a $123 million decrease in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. these expenses are recovered through ferc rates; and
Ÿ   a $35 million increase due to the absence of adjustments recorded in 2012 in connection with the 2012 north carolina rate case;
Ÿ   a $26 million charge related to the expected shutdown of certain coal-fired generating units; and
Ÿ   a $22 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued analysis of consolidated operations presented below are selected amounts related to dominion gas’ results of operations:
Ÿ   an increase in gains associated with assignments of marcellus acreage ($42 million); partially offset by
other income decreased 24%, primarily due to a decrease in the equity component of afudc due to significant projects being placed into service in the second half of 2012.
interest and related charges decreased 30%, primarily due to lower interest on affiliated long-term debt resulting from lower outstanding debt due to the extinguishment of intercompany borrowings through the sale of two pipelines to an affiliate in december 2012 and the acquisition of intercompany borrowings from debt issued to third parties in october 2013 ($18 million), partially offset by a decrease in the debt component of afudc ($7 million) due to significant projects being placed into service in the second half of 2012.
liquidity and capital resources dominion depends on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. short-term cash requirements not met by cash provided by operations are generally satisfied with proceeds from short-term borrowings. long-term cash needs are met through issuances of debt and/or equity securities.
at december 31, 2014, dominion had $1.7 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities. see additional discussion below under credit facilities and short-term debt.
operating activities                                       3,439                 3,433                 4,137
investing activities                                      (5,181   )            (3,458   )            (3,840   )
financing activities                                       1,744                    93                  (151   )
operating cash flows net cash provided by dominion’s operating activities did not change significantly for 2014.
dominion believes that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. in 2015, dominion’s board of directors updated the dividend policy it set in december 2012 to a target payout ratio of 70-75%, and established an annual dividend rate for 2015 of $2.59 per share of common stock, an 8% increase over the 2014 rate. in january 2015, dominion’s board of directors declared dividends payable march 20, 2015 of 64.75 cents per share of common stock. declarations of dividends are subject to further board of directors approval.
dominion’s operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in item 1a. risk factors.
credit risk dominion’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management activities. presented below is a summary of dominion’s credit exposure as of december 31, 2014 for these activities. gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights.
gross          credit           net credit      collateral        credit exposure                      exposure
(1)   designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by moody’s and standard &amp; poor’s. the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 47% of the total net credit exposure.
(2)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 1% of the total net credit exposure.
(3)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 6% of the total net credit exposure.
(4)   the five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 20% of the total net credit exposure.
investing cash flows in 2014, net cash used in dominion’s investing activities increased by $1.7 billion, primarily due to higher capital expenditures and lower proceeds from sales of assets and businesses.
financing cash flows and liquidity dominion relies on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash provided by its operations. as discussed in credit ratings, dominion’s ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. in addition, the raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the sec for certain issuances.
dominion currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under sec rules governing the registration, communications and offering processes under the securities act of 1933. the rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. this allows dominion to use automatic shelf registration statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions.
in 2014, net cash provided by dominion’s financing activities increased by $1.7 billion, primarily reflecting higher net debt issuances, proceeds from dominion midstream’s initial public offering and the absence of the acquisition of the juniper non-controlling interest recorded in 2013 related to fairless.
liability management during 2014, dominion elected to redeem certain debt and preferred securities prior to their stated maturities. proceeds from the issuance of lower-cost senior and enhanced junior subordinated notes were used to fund the redemption payments. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for descriptions of these redemptions.
from time to time, dominion may reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities prior to maturity and repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or otherwise.
credit facilities and short-term debt dominion uses short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. the levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. in addition, dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, dominion’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.
in connection with commodity hedging activities, dominion is required to provide collateral to counterparties under some circumstances. under certain collateral arrangements, dominion may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. from time to time, dominion may vary the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. these factors include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, the spread over these short-term rates at which dominion can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued dominion’s commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under credit facilities, were as follows:
december 31, 2014                       facility           outstanding         outstanding                        facility limit      commercial paper         letters of credit        capacity available
joint revolving credit facility(1)        $4,000                $2,664         $—                                   $1,336
joint revolving credit                       500                   111         48                                      341
facility(2)
(1)                 in may 2014, this credit facility was amended and restated. the facility limit was increased from $3 billion to $4 billion and the maturity date was extended from september 2018 to april 2019. this credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion of letters of credit.
(2)   in may 2014, this credit facility was amended and restated and the maturity date was extended from september 2018 to april 2019. this credit facility can be used to support bank borrowings, commercial paper and letter of credit issuances.
(3)   the weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by dominion’s credit facilities were 0.38% and 0.33% at december 31, 2014
type                                     principal      rate          maturity
issuance of common stock and other equity securities dominion maintains dominion direct® and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in dominion’s common stock. these shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. in january 2014, dominion began purchasing its common stock on the open market for these plans. in april 2014, dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock purchase plans.
during 2014, dominion issued approximately 3.8 million shares of common stock totaling $273 million through employee savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans, converted securities and other employee and director benefit plans. dominion received cash proceeds of $205 million from the issuance of 2.9 million of such shares through dominion direct and employee savings plans.
in december 2014, dominion filed an sec shelf registration for the sale of debt and equity securities including the ability to sell common stock through an at-the-market program. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the at-the-market program.
in june 2013 and july 2014, dominion issued equity units, initially in the form of corporate units. each corporate unit consists of a stock purchase contract and 1/20 interest in a rsn issued by dominion. the stock purchase contracts obligate the holders to purchase shares of dominion common stock at a future settlement date. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of common stock to be issued by dominion.
repurchase of common stock dominion did not repurchase any shares in 2014 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2015, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which does not count against its stock repurchase authorization.
credit ratings credit ratings are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. dominion believes that its current credit ratings provide sufficient access to the capital markets. however, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to dominion may affect its ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors. dominion’s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able to offer its debt securities.
both quantitative (financial strength) and qualitative (business or operating characteristics) factors are considered by the credit rating agencies in establishing an individual company’s credit rating. credit ratings should be evaluated independently and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. the credit ratings for dominion are affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions.
in november 2014, standard & poor’s changed dominion’s rating outlook to negative from stable. dominion cannot predict the potential impact the negative outlook at standard & poor’s could have on its cost of borrowing. credit ratings as of february 23, 2015 follow:
fitch       moody’s      standard
&amp; poor’s senior unsecured debt securities           bbb+         baa2            bbb+
junior subordinated debt securities        bbb-         baa3            bbb enhanced junior subordinated notes         bbb-         baa3            bbb commercial paper                           f2           p-2             a-2
as of february 23, 2015, fitch and moody’s maintained a stable outlook for their respective ratings of dominion and standard & poor’s maintained a negative outlook for its respective ratings of dominion.
a downgrade in an individual company’s credit rating would not necessarily restrict its ability to raise short-term and long-term financing as long as its credit rating remains investment grade, but it could result in an increase in the cost of borrowing. dominion works closely with fitch, moody’s and standard & poor’s with the objective of achieving its targeted credit ratings. dominion may find it necessary to modify its business plan to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings and such changes may adversely affect growth and eps.
debt covenants as part of borrowing funds and issuing debt (both short-term and long-term) or preferred securities, dominion must enter into enabling agreements. these agreements contain covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. these provisions are customary, with each agreement specifying which covenants apply. these provisions are not necessarily unique to dominion.
Ÿ   information requirements, including submitting financial reports filed with the sec and information about changes in dominion’s credit ratings to lenders;
Ÿ   performance obligations, audits/inspections, continuation of the basic nature of business, restrictions on certain matters related to merger or consolidation, and restrictions on disposition of all or substantially all assets;
Ÿ   compliance with collateral minimums or requirements related to mortgage bonds; and
Ÿ   limitations on liens.
dominion is required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain its credit facilities. in addition, dominion’s credit agreements contain various terms and conditions that could affect its ability to borrow under these facilities. they include maximum debt to total capital ratios and cross-default provisions.
as of december 31, 2014, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as follows:
(1)   indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements excludes junior subordinated and remarketable subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt as well as aoci reflected as equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
if dominion or any of its material subsidiaries fails to make payment on various debt obligations in excess of $100 million, the lenders could require that company to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings under the credit facilities and the lenders could terminate their commitment to lend funds to that company. accordingly, any default by virginia power or dominion gas under the joint credit facilities with dominion would affect the lender’s commitment to dominion.
dominion executed rccs in connection with its issuance of the following hybrid securities:
in october 2014, dominion redeemed all of the june 2009 hybrids. the redemption was conducted in compliance with the rcc. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including terms of the rccs.
at december 31, 2014, the termination dates and covered debt under the rccs associated with dominion’s hybrids were as follows:
hybrid                   rcc                    designated covered termination date       debt under rcc june 2006 hybrids                   6/30/2036               september 2006 hybrids september 2006 hybrids              9/30/2036               june 2006 hybrids dominion monitors these debt covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not occur. as of december 31, 2014, there have been no events of default under or changes to dominion’s debt covenants.
dividend restrictions certain agreements associated with dominion’s credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total capitalization. these limitations did not restrict dominion’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from its subsidiaries at december 31, 2014.
see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by dominion in connection with the deferral of interest payments on junior subordinated notes and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued future cash payments for contractual obligations and planned capital expenditures contractual obligations dominion is party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating it to make cash payments in future years. these contracts include financing arrangements such as debt agreements and leases, as well as contracts for the purchase of goods and services and financial derivatives. presented below is a table summarizing cash payments that may result from contracts to which dominion is a party as of december 31, 2014. for purchase obligations and other liabilities, amounts are based upon contract terms, including fixed and minimum quantities to be purchased at fixed or market-based prices. actual cash payments will be based upon actual quantities purchased and prices paid and will likely differ from amounts presented below. the table excludes all amounts classified as current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, other than current maturities of long-term debt, interest payable and certain derivative instruments. the majority of dominion’s current liabilities will be paid in cash in 2015.
purchased electric capacity for utility operations               313           408           169               99            989
fuel commitments for utility operations                          769           825           488            2,052          4,134
fuel commitments for nonregulated operations                     148           105           105              117            475
energy commodity purchases for resale(5)                          24             2             —                —             26
other long-term liabilities(7):
financial derivative-commodities(5)                               18            14             —                —             32
(1)                                         based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders. at the option of holders, $510 million of dominion’s 5.25% senior notes due 2033 are subject to redemption at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest in august 2015. as a result, at december 31, 2014, the notes were included in securities due within one year in the consolidated balance sheets.
(2)                                  includes interest payments over the terms of the debt and payments on related stock purchase contracts. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or forward interest rate curve at december 31, 2014 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. does not reflect dominion’s ability to defer interest and stock purchase contract payments on junior subordinated notes or rsns and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units.
(5)   represents the summation of net losses, by contracts, due from dominion if all physical or financial transactions among its counterparties and dominion were liquidated and terminated.
(6)   includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments.
(7)                                              excludes regulatory liabilities, aros and employee benefit plan obligations, which are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. see notes 12, 14 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $79 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax benefits are excluded. deferred income taxes are also excluded since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
planned capital expenditures dominion’s planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $5.8 billion, $5.6 billion and $4.6 billion in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. dominion’s expenditures are expected to include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution assets, purchases of nuclear fuel and the construction of the liquefaction project and dominion’s portion of the atlantic coast pipeline project.
dominion expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. planned capital expenditures include capital projects that are subject to approval by regulators and the board of directors.
see dvp, dominion generation and dominion energy-properties in item 1. business for a discussion of dominion’s expansion plans.
these estimates are based on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by dominion’s board of directors in late 2014 and are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. dominion may also choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances.
use of off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees dominion primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. these arrangements are not subject to the provisions of fasb guidance that dictate a guarantor’s accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
future issues and other matters see item 1. business and notes 13 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact future results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows.
environmental matters dominion is subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. these laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. they can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.
environmental protection and monitoring expenditures dominion incurred approximately $192 million, $182 million and $189 million of expenses (including depreciation) during 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities and expects these expenses to be approximately $193 million and $188 million in 2015 and 2016, respectively. in addition, capital expenditures related to environmental controls were $101 million, $64 million, and $213 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. these expenditures are expected to be approximately $97 million and $60 million for 2015 and 2016, respectively.
future environmental regulations air the caa is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. at a minimum, delegated states are required to establish regulatory programs to address all requirements of the caa. however, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. many of the companies’ facilities are subject to the caa’s permitting and other requirements.
in december 2012, the epa issued a final rule that set a more stringent annual air quality standard for fine particulate matter. the epa issued final attainment/nonattainment designations in january 2015. until states develop their implementation plans, dominion cannot determine whether or how facilities located in areas designated nonattainment for the standard will be impacted, but does not expect such impacts to be material.
the epa has finalized rules establishing a new 1-hour naaqs for no2 and a new 1-hour naaqs for so2, which could require additional nox and so2 controls in certain areas where dominion operates. until the states have developed implementation plans for these standards, the impact on dominion’s facilities that emit nox and so2 is uncertain. additionally, the impact of permit limits for implementing naaqs on dominion’s facilities is uncertain at this time.
in january 2010, the epa also proposed a new, more stringent naaqs for ozone and had planned to finalize the rule in 2011. in september 2011, the epa announced a delay from 2011 to 2014 of the rulemaking. in november 2014, the epa issued a new proposal to tighten the ozone standard and expects to finalize the rule in october 2015. the epa is not expected to complete attainment designations for a new standard until 2017 and states will have until 2020 to develop plans to address the new standard. until the states have developed implementation plans, dominion is unable to predict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls. however, if significant expenditures are required to implement additional controls, it could adversely affect dominion’s results of operations and cash flows.
in june 2005, the epa finalized amendments to the regional haze rule, also known as the clean air visibility rule. the rule requires the states to implement best available retrofit technology requirements for sources to address impacts to visual air quality through regional haze state implementation plans, but allows other alternative options. dominion anticipates that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other caa-required programs will generally address this rule.
the clear power plan uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable resources and increasing customer energy efficiency. the proposal would require states to meet state-by-state emission rate or intensity-based co2 binding goals or limits. the epa is expected to finalize the guidelines by summer 2015. states will then be required to submit plans to the epa by summer 2016 identifying how they will comply with the rule, with possible one- or two-year extensions. dominion’s most recent integrated resources plan filed in august 2014 included an alternative scenario benchmarked on the proposed epa rule, as a plausible compliance strategy, that includes additional coal unit retirements and additional low or zero-carbon resources. however, until the state plans are developed and the epa approves the plans, dominion cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts but believes the potential expenditures to comply could be material.
in june 2014, the epa published proposed performance standards to address co2 emissions from modified and reconstructed electric generating units. the proposed standards would only apply to coal- and natural-gas fired boilers and natural gas-fired combined cycle units, constructed for the purpose of supplying more than one-third of their potential output to the grid and which are designed to sell approximately 25 mw, that meet certain, specific conditions described in the caa for being modified or reconstructed. modifications undertaken for the primary purpose of installing pollution control technology will not be subject to the proposed standards. dominion currently cannot predict with certainty the direct or indirect financial impact on operations from these rule revisions, but believes the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material.
in january 2015, the epa announced plans to reduce methane emissions from natural gas processing and transmission sources as part of its climate action plan. the plan would impose regulations to reduce methane from new sources, including compressor stations and is expected to be proposed in summer 2015 and finalized in 2016. the epa will develop control technology guidelines to reduce emissions of volatile organic compounds from existing sources in ozone nonattainment areas in the northeast ozone transport region. until these regulations and guidelines are finalized, dominion is unable to predict future requirements or estimate compliance costs.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, continued water the cwa is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms. dominion must comply with applicable aspects of the cwa programs at its operating facilities.
in june 2013, the epa issued a proposed rule to revise the effluent limitations guidelines for the steam electric power generating category. the proposed rule establishes updated standards for wastewater discharges at coal, oil, gas, and nuclear steam generating stations. affected facilities could be required to convert from wet to dry coal ash management, improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new discharge limits. the epa is subject to a consent decree requiring that it take final action on the proposed rule by september 30, 2015. dominion currently cannot predict with certainty the direct or indirect financial impact on operations from these rule revisions, but believes the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material.
climate change legislation and regulation some regions and states in which dominion operates have already adopted or may adopt ghg emission reduction programs. any of these new or contemplated regulations may affect capital costs, or create significant permitting delays, for new or modified facilities that emit ghgs.
dodd-frank act the dodd-frank act was enacted into law in july 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. the cea, as amended by title vii of the dodd- frank act, requires certain over-the counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the cea’s clearing requirements. dominion has elected to exempt its swaps from the cea’s clearing requirements. the cftc may continue to adopt final rules and implement provisions of the dodd-frank act through its ongoing rulemaking process, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. if, as a result of the rulemaking process, dominion’s derivative activities are not exempted from clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. in addition, dominion’s swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with the implementation of, and compliance with, title vii of the dodd-frank act. due to the ongoing rulemaking process, dominion is currently unable to assess the potential impact of the dodd-frank act’s derivative-related provisions on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.