item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 and for calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012.
introduction and overview discover financial services is a direct banking and payment services company. we provide direct banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home loans, home equity loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"). the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally, as well as point-of-sale terminals at retail locations throughout the u.s. for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), loan loss provisions, customer rewards, and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
change in fiscal year on december 3, 2012, our board of directors approved a change in our fiscal year end from november 30 to december 31 of each year. this fiscal year change was effective january 1, 2013. as a result of the change, we had a one month transition period in december 2012. the audited results for the one month ended december 31, 2012 is included in this report.
•   credit card loans grew $3.0 billion, or 5.6%, to $56.1 billion and discover card sales volume increased 5.1% from the prior year.
•   net charge-off rate for credit card loans increased 6 basis points from the prior year to 2.27% and the delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due increased 1 basis point to 1.73%.
•   we incurred a $178 million charge to earnings to enhance our rewards program by allowing easier redemption of rewards, which resulted in the elimination of our current estimate of customer rewards forfeiture.
•   our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $5.0 billion in public credit card asset-backed securities. discover bank issued $1.1 billion in senior bank notes and discover financial services issued $500 million of senior notes.
•   during the 2013 calendar year, our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $4.7 billion in public credit card asset-backed securities. discover bank issued $1.7 billion in senior bank notes.
•   we began offering residential mortgage loans through discover home loans following our june 2012 acquisition of substantially all of the operating and related assets of home loan center, a subsidiary of tree.com, inc.
•   during the 2012 fiscal year, our capital market activities included issuances of approximately $5.4 billion in public credit card asset-backed securitizations and a $560 million preferred stock issuance. we also completed two private debt exchange offers involving an aggregate $822 million of outstanding debt.
outlook the growth of our existing direct banking products remains a priority as we continue to enhance our offerings to customers. we anticipate that investments in marketing and the fourth quarter 2014 changes we made to simplify and ease reward redemption will contribute to new card account growth and wallet share gains with existing customers. we are also targeting solid growth in our private student and personal loan portfolios, and are evaluating our home loans strategy.
revenue margin is expected to decline modestly in 2015. we expect this to be driven by net interest margin compression, a continued decline in protection products revenue, an increased credit card rewards rate and challenges in our payments business. the anticipated net interest margin compression is due to expected higher funding costs and modest yield declines from growth in promotional balances, run-off of higher priced balances and higher interest charge-offs.
while our credit quality remains relatively stable, we increased our allowance for loan losses in the fourth quarter of 2014 due to seasoning of loan growth from recent years. we expect our provision levels to increase as a result of continued seasoning of and growth in our loan portfolio.
we expect lower returns in our payment services segment in 2015 due to competitive challenges, the loss of network relationships and increased expenses. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. we anticipate a decline in volume in 2015 as compared to prior year periods as a result of a previously disclosed third-party issuer contract related to our network partners business that was not renewed in 2014 and the loss of volume from a large pulse debit issuer. the loss of volumes and increase in expenses is expected to significantly impact the financial results of our payment services segment, but is not expected to significantly impact our overall profitability. despite these continued challenges in our payments business, we continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business.
regulatory environment and developments the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act") contains comprehensive provisions governing the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. the dodd-frank act regulates large systemically significant financial firms, including discover, through a variety of measures, including increased capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage and enhanced supervisory authority. federal banking regulators have implemented and continue to propose new regulations and supervisory guidance under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, and have been increasing their examination and enforcement action activities. we expect regulators to continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings.
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including supervisory priorities and actions, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants and the behavior of consumers. regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies, require us to limit or change our business practices, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." for more information on recent matters affecting discover, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements. regulatory developments could also impact our strategies, the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
compliance expenditures have increased significantly for discover and other financial services firms, and we expect them to continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
the final rule implementing section 619 of the dodd-frank act, commonly referred to as the volcker rule, which contains certain prohibitions and restrictions on the ability of "banking entities" to engage in proprietary trading and sponsor or invest in "covered funds" became effective in april 2014, and banking entities must generally conform with this rule by july 2015, subject to a one-year extension for certain investments in, and relationships with, legacy covered funds. we do not engage in any of the activities that are prohibited by the final rule and, therefore, do not believe it will have a material impact on our business.
consumer financial services the cfpb regulates consumer financial products and services, as well as certain financial services providers, including discover. the cfpb is authorized to prevent "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" and ensure consistent enforcement of laws so that all consumers have access to markets for consumer financial products and services that are fair, transparent and competitive. the cfpb has rulemaking and interpretive authority under the dodd-frank act and other federal consumer financial services laws, as well as broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over large providers of consumer financial products and services, such as discover. the cfpb collects detailed account level information from us about credit cards, deposit accounts and other products, and is authorized to collect fines and provide consumer restitution in the event of violations. several of our products, including credit cards, private student loans and home loans, are areas of focus by the cfpb. in addition, the cfpb has an online complaint system that allows consumers to log public complaints with respect to the products we offer. the cfpb has proposed making consumer narratives available to the public. the financial services industry is concerned that the publication of detailed unverified consumer narratives could lead to reputational injury to consumer lenders. the cfpb's analysis of account data and complaints could inform future decisions with respect to regulatory, enforcement or examination focus, and influence consumers' attitudes about doing business with discover.
credit cards the cfpb has been focused recently on online credit card disclosures, the clarity and transparency of credit card rewards and grace period disclosures, and debt collection practices. in september 2014, the cfpb issued guidance on the marketing of credit card promotional interest rate offers that will require enhanced consumer disclosures. the cfpb is currently collecting data about reward program marketing practices, which may result in additional guidance. further, the cfpb continues to collect data regarding consumers' experiences with debt collectors and plans to use the data to help develop debt collection regulations. courts and legislators have also been focused on the debt collection practices of consumer financial services providers. the ultimate impact of the increased scrutiny of these areas is uncertain at this time.
private student loans there continues to be significant legislative and regulatory focus on the private student loan market, including by the cfpb and the fdic. this regulatory focus has resulted in an increase in supervisory examinations of discover related to private student loans. the cfpb is currently investigating certain student loan servicing practices of discover bank. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information. the
recent legislative and regulatory areas of focus include servicing practices with respect to assisting student borrowers with economic hardships, refinancing of private student loans, the liability of student borrowers in the event of cosigner death or bankruptcy, the standard for discharging student loans in bankruptcy, loan payment allocation, and requirements related to borrower military service. in october 2014, the cfpb student loan ombudsman for the private student loan market issued the 2014 annual report required by the dodd-frank act, which referenced these issues and others. the enactment of new legislation or the adoption of new regulations or guidance may increase the complexity and expense of servicing student loans. legislators and regulators may take additional actions that impact the student loan market in the future, which could cause us to restructure our private student loan product in ways that we may not currently anticipate.
mortgage lending the cfpb has indicated that the mortgage industry is an area of supervisory focus and that it will concentrate its examinations and rulemaking efforts on the variety of mortgage-related topics required under the dodd-frank act including steering consumers to less favorable products, discrimination, abusive or unfair lending practices, predatory lending, origination disclosures, minimum mortgage underwriting standards, mortgage loan origination compensation and servicing practices. the cfpb has published several final rules impacting the mortgage industry, including rules related to ability-to-repay, mortgage servicing and integrated mortgage origination disclosures. failure to comply with the ability-to-repay rule could result in possible cfpb enforcement action and special statutory damages plus actual, class action and attorney fee damages, all of which a borrower may claim in defense of a foreclosure action at any time. the new integrated mortgage origination disclosures rule, effective august 2015, requires combining disclosures currently provided under the truth in lending act and the real estate settlement procedures act, resulting in significant effort by the mortgage industry to test and implement as well as process changes with third-party settlement agents. in addition, congressional committees have approved legislation that could significantly affect the single family housing finance market in the united states, including proposals to wind down the government-sponsored enterprises, fannie mae and freddie mac, to which we currently sell our mortgages. it is uncertain what the ultimate impact of these developments will be on our mortgage business.
in october 2014, the federal reserve, fdic, sec and other federal regulatory agencies adopted a final rule to implement requirements under the securities exchange act of 1934, as added under the dodd-frank act, exempting "qualified residential mortgages" from the requirement that the sponsor of an asset-backed securitization retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the underlying assets. because most of the mortgages we offer are "qualified residential mortgages" as defined in the exemption, we do not expect the final rule to impact the pricing and depth of the secondary mortgage market to which we sell our mortgages.
payment networks the dodd-frank act contains several provisions impacting the debit card market, including network participation requirements and interchange fee limitations. the changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth. we continue to closely monitor competitor strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. the u.s. department of justice is examining some of these competitor pricing strategies. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affect pulse's current business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue.
publicly-reported incidents regarding unauthorized access to consumer information held by major retailers and others has prompted a renewed focus by congress and state legislators to possibly enact legislation to address future data security breaches. in october 2014, the president signed a new executive order which, among other things, directs the government to take the lead in moving the market towards more secure payment systems, including implementing a new policy to secure payments to and from the federal government by applying chip and pin technology to newly issued and existing government credit cards and debit cards, and upgrading retail payment card terminals at federal agency facilities to accept chip and pin-enabled cards. in january 2015, the president announced legislative proposals and administration efforts with respect to privacy and cybersecurity, including a specific proposal for a national data breach notification standard and a proposal designed to encourage the private sector to increase the sharing of information related to cyber threats. all these developments could ultimately result in the imposition of requirements on discover or other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the
competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. it is too early to know if any new legislation will become law, the final form any such legislation would take, or the impact such a law would have on discover.
capital, liquidity and funding capital discover financial services and discover bank are subject to new regulatory capital requirements beginning in january 2015 under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic to implement the provisions of the basel iii regulatory capital reforms. the rules include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements. the rules require new risk-based capital and leverage ratios and refine the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases" for more information. in addition, the rules establish a capital conservation buffer above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity tier 1 capital and result in higher required minimum ratios by up to 2.5%. the new capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning in january 2016 and will be fully implemented in january 2019. a banking organization will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below any of the minimum capital requirements, including the buffer amount. based on our current capital composition and levels, we believe that we would be in compliance with the requirements as set forth in the final rules had they been in effect prior to 2015.
the final rule implementing the federal reserve's amendments to the capital plan and stress test rules applicable to bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including discover, became effective in november 2014. the rule provides guidance with respect to the current capital plan and stress testing cycle. it also modifies the start date of the capital plan and stress test cycles from october 1 of a calendar year to january 1 of the following calendar year, with capital plans and stress testing results due april 5 instead of january 5, starting in 2016. the final rule also clarifies the limitations that apply on capital distributions where a bank holding company has net capital issuances that are less than the amount in that bank holding company's approved capital plan.
liquidity we are subject to the federal reserve's final rule implementing certain enhanced prudential standards under the dodd-frank act for large u.s. bank holding companies, including enhanced liquidity and risk management requirements, which became effective beginning in january 2015. the final rule prescribes a broad range of qualitative liquidity risk management practices.
additionally, in september 2014, federal banking regulators published a final rule to implement the liquidity coverage ratio as a new quantitative requirement designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the ratio requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. we are subject to this new requirement and will be required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 90% in 2016, which will increase to 100% in 2017. we believe our liquidity management practices position us well to comply with this new standard when it becomes effective.
in october 2014, the basel committee on banking supervision issued the final standard for the net stable funding ratio ("nsfr"). the nsfr is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. "available stable funding" is defined as the portion of capital and liabilities expected to be reliable over the time horizon considered by the nsfr, which extends to one year. this ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. the nsfr limits overreliance on short-term wholesale funding, encourages better assessment of funding risk across all on- and off-balance sheet items, and promotes funding stability. the rule is expected to be fully implemented beginning in january 2018. at this time, the u.s. regulatory authorities are still
securitizations in august 2014, the sec adopted final rules for asset-backed securities offerings that will substantially change the disclosure, reporting and offering process for public offerings of asset-backed securities, including those offered under discover bank's credit card securitization program. the new rules will change the disclosure and offering process for credit card securitizations and the eligibility criteria for shelf registration statements. among other changes, the final rules will require a certification concerning the disclosure contained in the prospectus and the design of the securitization at the time of each offering off the shelf and appointment of an asset representations reviewer to review assets for compliance with related representations and warranties in the related underlying transaction agreements when delinquency rates rise above a certain level and investors request such a review. issuers of publicly offered asset-backed securities must comply with these new rules no later than november 23, 2015. we do not believe these rules will have a material impact on discover bank's securitization program.
in october 2014, the federal reserve, fdic, sec and other federal regulatory agencies adopted a final rule to implement requirements under the securities exchange act of 1934, as added by the dodd-frank act, requiring the sponsor of an asset-backed securitization to retain not less than five percent of the credit risk of the underlying assets. sponsors of asset-backed securitizations will be required to comply with the risk retention rules no later than december 24, 2016. we do not believe the risk retention rules will have a material impact on discover bank's securitization program.
segments we manage our business activities in two segments: direct banking and payment services. in compiling the segment results that follow, our direct banking segment bears all corporate overhead costs that are not specifically associated with a particular segment and all costs associated with discover network marketing, servicing and infrastructure, with the exception of an allocation of direct and incremental costs driven by our payment services segment.
direct banking our direct banking segment includes discover-branded credit cards issued to individuals on the discover network and other consumer products and services, including private student loans, personal loans, home loans, home equity loans, prepaid cards and other consumer lending and deposit products. the majority of direct banking revenues relate to interest income earned on the segment's loan products. additionally, our credit card products generate substantially all of our revenues related to discount and interchange, protection products and loan fee income.
payment services our payment services segment includes pulse, an automated teller machine, debit and electronic funds transfer network; diners club, a global payments network; and our network partners business, which provides payment transaction processing and settlement services on the discover network. this segment also includes the business operations of diners club italy, which primarily consist of issuing diners club charge cards. the majority of payment services revenues relate to transaction processing revenue from pulse and royalty and licensee revenue (included in other income) from diners club.
direct banking interest income credit card                                     $6,359                          $5,978                                           $5,751                                                    $510
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                   $125,111                        $118,594                                         $114,213                                                 $11,384
(3)   represents discover card activity related to net sales, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)   represents discover card activity related to net sales.
loan receivables totaled $69.9 billion at december 31, 2014, which was up from $65.8 billion at december 31, 2013, due to growth in credit card loans and other loan portfolios partially offset by a decrease in purchased credit-impaired ("pci") student loan balances. the growth in credit card loans was due to growth in customers with revolving balances partially offset by a higher net principal charge-off rate. the growth within the other loans portfolio was primarily attributable to organic growth in personal and private student loans. discover card sales volume was $115.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was an increase of 5% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this volume growth was driven primarily by continued growth in new accounts combined with lower attrition.
net interest margin increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this was primarily driven by higher yields on total loan receivables combined with lower interest rates on funding. the increase in loan receivable yields was driven by higher interest rates and growth in non-promotional revolving balances, partially offset by decline in higher rate balances along with growth in credit card promotional balances.
interest income increased during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products. the increase was also attributable to higher yields on credit card loans and pci student loans, partially offset by a decrease in yield on personal loans along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense was relatively flat during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, as lower interest expense on deposits attributable to lower yields was offset by higher interest expense resulting from increase in borrowings.
at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, our delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due was 1.73% and 1.72%, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our net charge-off rate on credit cards remained relatively flat as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. recent loan growth has led to an increase in reserves required to cover losses from loan seasoning. an increase in reserve requirements combined with lower recoveries led to an increase in the provision for loan losses for the year ended december 31, 2014, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. for a more detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
total other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to a one-time charge to customer rewards costs resulting from the elimination of our current estimate of customer rewards forfeiture of $178 million, which reduced discount and interchange revenue. gain on sale of mortgage loans also decreased, driven primarily by lower mortgage refinance volume due to increased mortgage interest rates in 2013, as well as changes in product mix. the overall decrease in other income was also attributable to a decrease in protection product revenue reflecting lower sales volume as we have stopped selling these products.
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation costs driven by growth in headcount, along with higher professional fees related to technology and digital investments. marketing and business development costs, and information processing and communications costs also increased due to growth initiatives. the goodwill impairment of $27 million related to the discover home loans business also contributed to overall increase in total other expenses. for more information, see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements.
loan receivables totaled $65.8 billion at december 31, 2013, which was up from $62.6 billion at december 31, 2012, due to growth in credit card loans and other loan portfolios partially offset by a decrease in pci loans balances. the growth in credit card loans was due to growth in customers with revolving balances combined with a continued improvement in the net principal charge-off rate. the growth within the other loans portfolio was primarily attributable to organic growth in personal and private student loans. discover card sales volume was $110.0 billion for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, which was an increase of 4% as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. this increase was driven primarily by continued growth in our active customer base combined with seasonal promotional programs driving incremental sales.
net interest margin increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. this was primarily driven by decreased funding costs and growth in loan receivables, partially offset by lower yields on total loan receivables. the decrease in loan receivable yields was driven by growth in credit card promotional balances and a decline in higher rate balances, partially offset by growth in non-promotional revolving balances.
interest income increased during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products combined with lower credit card loan interest charge-offs. the increase in interest income from these products was partially offset by a decrease in yield on credit card loan receivables along with a decrease in pci student loan volume.
interest expense declined during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to lower funding costs resulting from maturities of higher interest borrowings and deposits that were replaced with borrowings and deposits paying low interest rates.
at december 31, 2013, our delinquency rate for credit card loans over 30 days past due was 1.72% as compared to 1.79% at december 31, 2012, reflective of continuing trends of strong credit performance. for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, our net charge-off rate on credit cards declined to 2.21%, as compared to 2.62% for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. an increase in reserve requirements partially offset by a decline in the level of net charge-offs led to an increase in the provision for loan losses for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. for a more detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
total other income increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to an increase in discount and interchange revenue, which was driven by an increase in sales volume. gain on sale of mortgage loans also increased, reflecting a full year of activity for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to a partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, due to the acquisition and integration of assets of home loan center in june of 2012. the overall increase in other income was partially offset by a decrease in protection product revenue reflecting lower sales volume as we have stopped selling these products. loan fee income also decreased due to lower levels of delinquencies which resulted in a lower level of loan fees being generated. additionally, the increase was partially offset by decrease in refinance mortgage loan volume due to increasing interest rates during 2013.
total other expense increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation costs driven by increased headcount. marketing and business development costs also increased due to growth initiatives. higher information processing and communication expenses also contributed to the increase as a result of higher software maintenance, licenses, and technology expenses due to growth initiatives. the overall expense increase was partially offset by legal expenses associated with the consent order that discover bank entered into with the fdic and cfpb, for which there was no equivalent impact in 2013.
our payment services segment reported pretax income of $89 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, up $9 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily as the result of a decrease in loan losses related to certain diners club licensee loans and other expense, partially offset by a decrease in other income. the decrease in other expense was primarily due to non-recurring expenses incurred in 2013 related to our purchase of the diners club italy licensee and financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of the slovenian licensee by a european bank. the decrease in other expense was partially offset by a fair value adjustment of $21 million resulting from recording diners club italy as held-for-sale in 2014. the decrease in other income was primarily driven by a decrease in transaction processing revenue reflecting the impact of merchant rerouting and lower rates.
we have been working with our european diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. we may provide additional support in the future, including loans, facilitating transfer of ownership, or acquiring assets or licenses, which may cause us to incur losses. the licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of diners club revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. in addition, diners club has $151 million of non-amortizable intangible assets at december 31, 2014. while we determined that none of these intangibles are presently impaired, to the extent that we are unable to maintain diners club revenues at appropriate levels, we may be exposed to a non-cash impairment loss on these assets that, when recognized, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
as previously disclosed, we have been working with our european diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. for example, we have provided loans to certain
licensees that have an outstanding balance of approximately $36 million at december 31, 2013. we have undrawn commitments to lend these licensees up to an additional $19 million as of december 31, 2013, subject to collateral requirements stated in the individual agreements. during 2013, we acquired diners club italy, which included $34 million of receivables, and we provided financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of our slovenian licensee by a european bank. these transactions resulted in a charge to earnings of approximately $40 million in the second quarter of 2013. additionally, we increased reserves by $15 million related to the loans to certain european diners club licensees, discussed above, due to liquidity concerns. there were no similar acquisitions, asset write downs or allowances in the prior year period.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for loan losses, the evaluation of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment, the accrual of income taxes, and estimates of future cash flows associated with pci loans as critical accounting estimates. historically, management has considered the estimate of reward forfeitures to be a critical accounting estimate. in the fourth quarter of 2014, management made a series of changes to the redemption elements of our customer rewards program eliminating the forfeiture of rewards. these changes resulted in a one-time expense of $178 million due to the reversal of our current estimate for customer rewards forfeiture, a contra-liability account. with elimination of the forfeiture reward estimate, the determination of customer rewards cost no longer involves the use of a critical accounting estimate. see "- other income" and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details about customer rewards cost.
allowance for loan losses we base our allowance for loan losses on several analyses that help us estimate incurred losses as of the balance sheet date. this estimate considers uncollectible principal, interest and fees reflected in the loan receivables. while our estimation process includes historical data and analysis, there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to determine the allowance. we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. management also estimates loss emergence by using other analyses to estimate losses incurred from non-delinquent accounts. the considerations in these analyses include past and current loan performance, loan seasoning and growth, current risk management practices, account collection strategies, economic conditions, bankruptcy filings, policy changes and forecasting uncertainties. given the same information, others may reach different reasonable estimates.
if management used different assumptions in estimating incurred net loan losses, the impact to the allowance for loan losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. for example, a 10% change in management's estimate of incurred net loan losses could have resulted in a change of approximately $175 million in the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2014, with a corresponding change in the provision for loan losses. see "- loan quality" and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details about our allowance for loan losses.
goodwill we recognize goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the total of the fair values of the acquired net assets. as required by gaap, we test goodwill for impairment annually, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, management must estimate the fair value of the reporting unit(s) to which the goodwill relates. because market data concerning acquisitions of comparable businesses typically are not readily obtainable, other valuation techniques such as earnings multiples and cash flow models are used in estimating the fair values of these reporting units. in applying these techniques, management considers historical results, business forecasts, market and industry conditions and other factors. we may also consult independent valuation
experts where needed in applying these valuation techniques. the valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, capital expenditures, discount rates and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the date of its annual goodwill impairment test from june 1 to october 1. this goodwill impairment test date change was applied prospectively beginning on october 1, 2013 and had no effect on the consolidated financial statements.
at december 31, 2014, we had goodwill of $257 million. if economic conditions deteriorate or other events adversely impact the assumptions used by management in these valuations, we may be exposed to an impairment loss that, when recognized, could have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. at december 31, 2014, based on the annual impairment testing performed, there was the recognition of an impairment charge of $27 million related to the discover home loans business. no other impairment was identified. see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements for further details about goodwill and the related impairment charge.
other non-amortizable intangible assets we recognized certain other non-amortizable intangible assets in our acquisition of the diners club business. as required by gaap, we test other non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. because market data concerning acquisitions of intangible assets is not readily available, management evaluates non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment by estimating their fair values using discounted cash flow models. in applying these techniques, management considers historical results, business forecasts, market and industry conditions and other factors. we may also consult independent valuation experts where needed in applying these valuation techniques. the valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, discount rates and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the date of its annual impairment test for non-amortizable intangible assets from june 1 to october 1. no impairment charges were identified during the impairment tests conducted at june 1, 2013 and october 1, 2013.
at december 31, 2014, we had non-amortizable intangibles of $176 million. if economic conditions deteriorate or other events adversely impact the assumptions used by management in these valuations, we may be exposed to an impairment loss that, when recognized, could have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. at december 31, 2014, based on the annual impairment testing performed, there was no impairment recorded on any non-amortizable intangible asset.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the jurisdictions where we have business operations, primarily the united states, its states and municipalities. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and subsequent years' examinations, and tax reserves are established as appropriate.
changes in the estimate of income taxes can occur due to tax rate changes, interpretations of tax laws, the status and resolution of examinations by the taxing authorities, and newly enacted laws and regulations that impact the relative merits of tax positions taken. when such changes occur, the effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations can be significant. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about income taxes.
purchased credit-impaired loans the estimate of expected future cash flows on purchased credit-impaired loans determines the amount of interest income we can recognize in future periods and impacts whether a loan loss reserve must be established for these loans. we reevaluate, by pool, the amount and timing of expected cash flows quarterly using updated loan portfolio characteristics as well as assumptions regarding expected borrower default and prepayment behavior. because estimates of expected future cash flows on pci loans involve assumptions and significant judgment, it is reasonably
possible that others could derive different estimates than ours for the same periods. in addition, changes in estimates from one period to the next can have a significant impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. a decrease in expected cash flows involving an increase in estimated credit losses would result in an immediate charge to earnings for the recognition of a loan loss provision. increases or decreases in expected cash flows related solely to changes in estimated prepayments or to changes in variable interest rate indices would result in prospective yield adjustments over the remaining life of the loans. an increase in expected cash flows due to a reduction in expected credit losses would result first in the reversal of any previously established loan loss reserve on pci loans through an immediate credit to earnings and then, if needed, a prospective adjustment to yield over the remaining life of the loans.
if management used a different estimate of expected borrower defaults, our consolidated statement of financial condition and results of operations could have differed. for example, a 10% increase in the expected borrower default rate of each pci loan pool as of december 31, 2014 could have resulted in an additional impairment of up to $11 million. this impairment would have been reflected as an increase in provision for loan losses and a decrease in the carrying value of the pci loans. the accounting and estimates used in our calculations are discussed further in note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-bearing assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents, primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. net interest income is influenced by the following:
•   the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
•   the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
•   the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
•   the level and composition of other interest-bearing assets and liabilities, including our liquidity portfolio;
net interest margin increased for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by an increase in the yield on total loan receivables combined with lower interest rates on funding. the increase in loan receivable yields was driven by higher interest rates and growth in non-promotional revolving balances, partially offset by a decline in higher rate balances along with growth in credit card promotional balances.
interest income increased during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher average balances of credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products. the increase was also attributable to higher yields on credit card loans and pci student loans, partially offset by a decrease in yield on personal loans along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense was relatively flat during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, as lower interest expense on deposits attributable to lower yields was offset by higher interest expense resulting from increase in borrowings.
net interest margin increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily driven by decreased funding costs and growth in loan receivables, partially offset by lower yields on loan receivables. the decrease in loan receivable yields was driven by growth in credit card promotional balances and a decline in higher rate balances, partially offset by growth in customers with revolving balances.
interest income increased during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher interest income from credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans resulting from growth across these products combined with lower credit card loan interest charge-offs. the increase in interest income from these products was partially offset by a decrease in yield on credit card loan receivables along with a decrease in pci student loan balances.
interest expense declined during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to the combination of deposits bearing higher interest rates maturing and being replaced by deposits bearing lower interest rates and maturities of borrowings and certain asset-backed securities.
investment securities                                4,000              1.67    %              67                    5,190              1.42    %              74                    6,437                1.24     %                80                     6,247                1.34     %                 7
credit card(2)(3)                                   52,600             12.09    %           6,359                   49,816             12.00    %           5,978                   47,301               12.16     %             5,751                    50,494               11.92     %               510
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits(5)                                   $26,627              1.66    %             443                  $27,718              2.02    %             559                  $27,033                2.61     %               706                   $27,849                2.29     %                54
money market deposits(6)                             7,624              0.91    %              70                    5,719              0.87    %              50                    5,413                0.92     %                50                     5,368                0.88     %                 4
other interest-bearing savings deposits             10,617              0.96    %             101                    9,428              0.95    %              89                    8,638                1.03     %                89                     8,864                1.00     %                 7
total interest-bearing deposits(7)                  44,868              1.37    %             614                   42,865              1.63    %             698                   41,084                2.06     %               845                    42,081                1.84     %                65
securitized borrowings(5)(6)                        16,686              1.78    %             297                   16,297              1.74    %             284                   16,979                1.95     %               331                    16,998                1.80     %                26
total interest-bearing liabilities                  65,857              1.72    %           1,134                   61,970              1.85    %           1,146                   60,169                2.21     %             1,331                    61,095                1.99     %               103
other liabilities and stockholders' equity          14,621                                                          14,010                                                          12,393                                                                13,642
total liabilities and stockholders' equity         $80,478                                                         $75,980                                                         $72,562                                                               $74,737
(2)   interest income on credit card loans includes $192 million, $171 million, $179 million and $14 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively.
(3)   the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012 include the impact of interest rate swap agreements used to change a portion of certain floating-rate credit card loan receivables to fixed-rate.
(10)   interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
investment securities                                   (19         )                            12                                      (7         )                      (17         )                            11                                      (6         )
credit card                                             336                                      45                                     381                                302                                     (75         )                           227
interest-bearing liabilities:
interest-bearing deposits:
time deposits                                           (21         )                           (95         )                          (116         )                       18                                    (165         )                          (147         )
money market deposits                                    17                                       3                                      20                                  3                                      (3         )                             -
other interest-bearing savings deposits                  11                                       1                                      12                                  8                                      (8         )                             -
total interest-bearing deposits                           7                                     (91         )                           (84         )                       29                                    (176         )                          (147         )
securitized borrowings                                    7                                       6                                      13                                (13         )                           (34         )                           (47         )
loan quality loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):
credit card loans                 56,128                53,150                51,135                49,642                46,972                45,502
(1)   represents purchased credit-impaired private student loans (see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements).
•   the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
•   changes in our loan portfolio, including the overall mix of accounts, products and loan balances within the portfolio and maturation of the loan portfolio;
•   the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects, among other factors, our credit granting practices and effectiveness of collection efforts; and
the allowance for loan losses was $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014, which reflects a $98 million reserve build over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2013. the reserve build, which primarily related to credit card loan receivables, was due mainly to seasoning of the loan growth and lower recoveries. "seasoning" refers to the maturing of a loan portfolio as, in general, growing loan balances do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default until they have been in repayment for some period of time. at december 31, 2013, the allowance for loan losses was $1.6 billion, which reflected a $140 million reserve release over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2012. the reserve release, which primarily related to credit card loan receivables, was driven by continuing favorability in delinquencies resulting in lower charge-offs, both contractual and bankruptcy, which resulted in lower estimated losses.
the provision for loan losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for loan losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the provision for loan losses increased by $357 million, or 33%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to increasing levels of net charge-offs combined with the reserve build discussed above. for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, the provision for loan losses increased by $238 million, or 28%, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the increase was due to lower levels of reserve releases during the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, partially offset by a decrease in net charge-offs. for the one month ended december 31, 2012, the provision for loan losses was $178 million, which included a reserve build of $63 million. this reserve build was due to an increase in the forecast for net charge-offs due to loan growth. for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, a reduction in reserve requirements led to a decrease in the provisions for loan losses of $165 million or 16%.
at december 31, 2013, the level of the allowance related to personal loans increased as compared to december 31, 2012 due to loan growth and continued seasoning of the portfolio. the level of allowance attributable to student loans for the same period increased, primarily due to a pci student loan impairment recorded as a result of revisions to credit loss assumptions for the underlying loans. in addition, the allowance related to student loans increased due to growth and continued seasoning of the portfolio. the level of allowance related to other loans at december 31, 2013 as compared to december 31, 2012 increased by $16 million driven primarily by provision charges on a small number of loans to diners club licensees.
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,406                            $112                            $113                   $17                                    $1,648
additions:
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,613                             $99                             $75                   $1                                     $1,788
additions:
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,554                             $97                             $73                   $1                                     $1,725
additions:
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $2,070                             $82                             $53                   $-                                     $2,205
additions:
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $3,209                             $76                             $18                   $1                                     $3,304
additions:
credit card                  personal loans                   student loans           other                                           total balance at beginning of period                        $1,648                             $95                             $14                   $1                                     $1,758
additions:
addition to allowance related to securitized           2,144                               -                               -                   -                                       2,144
(1)   on december 1, 2009, upon adoption of the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") statements no. 166 and 167, we recorded $2.1 billion allowance for loan losses related to newly consolidated and reclassified credit card loan receivables.
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for loan losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense. credit card loan receivables are charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 180 days contractually past due. personal loans and private student loans, which are closed-end consumer loan receivables, are generally charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 120 days contractually past due. generally, customer bankruptcies and probate accounts are charged off at the end of the month 60 days following the receipt of notification of the bankruptcy or death but not later than the 180-day or 120-day contractual time frame.
credit card loans                             $1,191              2.27     %            $1,100              2.21     %           $1,240           2.62    %           $2,036           4.47    %           $3,684           8.02    %        $106                       2.47              %
while the net charge-off rate on our credit card loan receivables went to 2.27% from 2.21% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, we remain in a period of historical lows. the net charge-off rate on our personal loan receivables declined by 9 basis points for the same period due to growth in the personal loan portfolio as, in general, loans do not begin to show signs of credit deterioration or default for some period of time after origination. the net charge-off rate on our private student loans excluding pci loans was relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to year ended december 31, 2013.
the net charge-off rate on our credit card loan receivables decreased 41 basis points for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the decrease in the net charge-off rate for credit card loan receivables was driven by lower net charge-offs due to the continuing trend of low delinquencies combined with higher receivables balances. the net charge-off rate on our personal loan receivables declined by 20 basis points for the same period due to growth in the personal loan portfolio. the net charge-off rate on our private student loans excluding pci loans increased 57 basis points due to a larger portion of the portfolio entering repayment.
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
credit card loans                                     $971                    1.73       %                    $912                    1.72       %                    $925                    1.86       %                  $1,117                    2.38       %                  $1,831                    4.02       %                    $917                    1.79       %
credit card loans                                     $480                    0.85       %                    $447                    0.84       %                    $451                    0.91       %                    $560                    1.19       %                    $958                    2.11       %                    $460                    0.90       %
credit card loans(2)                                $1,037                    1.85       %                  $1,123                    2.11       %                  $1,332                    2.68       %                  $1,217                    2.59       %                    $305                    0.67       %                  $1,309                    2.56       %
(1)   excludes pci loans which are accounted for on a pooled basis. since a pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of a pool, or that of the individual loans within a pool, is not meaningful. because we are recognizing interest income on a pool of loans, it is all considered to be performing.
credit card receivables 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates at december 31, 2014 were relatively flat as compared to december 31, 2013. the 30-day delinquency rate for personal loans increased slightly for the same period due to seasoning of the loan portfolio, while the 90-day delinquency rate remained relatively flat. the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for private student loan balances at december 31, 2014 increased compared to the prior year as a result of continued seasoning of the student loan portfolio.
both credit card and personal loan receivables 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates at december 31, 2013 decreased slightly as compared to december 31, 2012 due to continuing favorable economic factors. the delinquency rates for private student loan balances at december 31, 2013 increased as compared to december 31, 2012 due to the seasoning of our loan portfolio as more loans have entered repayment.
the restructured credit card loan balance decreased at both december 31, 2014 as compared to december 31, 2013 and at december 31, 2013 as compared december 31, 2012 due to continued improvement in customer credit performance. the restructured personal and private student loan balances increased at both december 31, 2014 as
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
credit card loans                               $16,253                                      $29,715                                 $10,160                          $56,128
modified and restructured loans we have loan modification programs that provide for temporary or permanent hardship relief for our credit card loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. the temporary hardship program primarily consists of a reduced minimum payment and an interest rate reduction, both lasting for a period no longer than 12 months. the permanent modification program involves changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than 60 months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. the permanent modification program does not normally provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. we also make loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. these loans continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. for additional information regarding the accounting treatment for these loans as well as amounts recorded in the financial statements related to these loans, see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
for student loan borrowers, in certain situations we offer hardship payment forbearance to borrowers who are experiencing temporary financial difficulties and are willing to resume making payments. when a borrower is 30 or more days delinquent and granted a second hardship forbearance period, we classify these loans as troubled debt restructurings. in addition, we offer temporary reduced payment programs, which normally consist of a reduction of the minimum payment for a period of no longer than 12 months at a time. when a student loan borrower is enrolled in a temporary reduced payment program for 12 months or fewer over the life of the loan, the modification is not considered a troubled debt restructuring. no loans have been in a temporary modification program for greater than 12 months.
for personal loan customers, in certain situations we offer various payment programs, including temporary and permanent programs. the temporary programs normally consist of a reduction of the minimum payment for a period of no longer than 12 months with the option of a final balloon payment required at the end of the loan term or an extension of the maturity date with the total term not exceeding nine years. further, in certain circumstances, the interest rate on the loan is reduced. the permanent programs involve changing the terms of the loan in order to pay off the outstanding balance over a longer term and also in certain circumstances reducing the interest rate on the loan. similar to the temporary programs, the total term may not exceed nine years. we also allow loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, similar to our credit card customers discussed above. payments are modified based on the new terms agreed upon with the credit counseling agency. personal loans included
borrower performance after using payment programs or forbearance is monitored and we believe the programs help to prevent defaults and are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties. we plan to continue to use payment programs and forbearance and, as a result, we expect to have additional loans classified as troubled debt restructurings in the future.
(1)   net of rewards, including cashback bonus rewards, of $1.4 billion, $1.0 billion, $1.0 billion and $123 million for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively. during the three months ended december 31, 2014, we made certain changes to its customer rewards program, eliminating forfeitures. these changes resulted in a one-time expense of $178 million due to the reversal of the estimate for customer rewards forfeiture, a contra-account to accrued expenses and other liabilities. actual forfeitures resulted in additional discount and interchange revenue and total other income of $36 million each for the calendar years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 and $35 million and $3 million for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 and one month ended december 31, 2012, respectively.
discount and interchange revenue discount and interchange revenue includes discount revenue and acquirer interchange net of interchange paid to network partners. we earn discount revenue from fees charged to merchants with whom we have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we earn acquirer interchange revenue from merchant acquirers on all discover network card transactions and certain diners club transactions made by credit card customers at merchants with whom merchant acquirers have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we incur an interchange cost to card issuing entities that have entered into contractual arrangements to issue cards on the discover network and on certain transactions on the diners club network. this cost is contractually established and is based on the card issuing organization's transaction volume and is reported as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue. we offer our customers various reward programs, including the cashback bonus reward program, pursuant to which we pay certain customers a percentage of their purchase amounts based on the type and volume of the customer's purchases. reward costs are recorded as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue.
protection products we earn revenue related to fees received for providing ancillary products and services, including payment protection and identity theft protection services, to customers. the amount of revenue recorded is generally based on either a percentage of a customer's outstanding balance or a flat fee and is recognized as earned.
loan fee income loan fee income consists primarily of fees on credit card loans and includes late, cash advance and other miscellaneous fees. loan fee income increased slightly as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to higher late fees and cash advance fees. loan fee income decreased slightly for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to lower volume of loan fees being generated, partially offset by fewer late fee charge-offs as a result of decrease in credit card delinquency rates.
transaction processing revenue transaction processing revenue represents switch fees charged to financial institutions and merchants for processing atm, debit and point-of-sale transactions over the pulse network, as well as various participation and membership fees. switch fees are charged on a per transaction basis. transaction processing revenue decreased both for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, and for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013, as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, reflecting the impact of merchant rerouting and lower rates.
gain on investments gain on investments includes net realized gains on the sale of investments, net of any write-downs of investment securities to fair value when the decline in fair value is considered other than temporary. gain on investments for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was mainly comprised of gains on the sales of u.s. treasury and agency securities. gain on investment securities for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 was comprised almost entirely of a gain of $26 million related to the liquidation of a minority interest in an equity investment.
gain on origination and sale of mortgage loans gain on sale of mortgage loans consists of the net gain on the origination and sale of loans as well as the net gain on the related interest rate lock commitments and the net gain or loss on forward delivery contracts. revenue related to mortgage banking operations declined for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily driven by an increase in mortgage interest rates that resulted in lower mortgage refinance volume. decline in revenue related to mortgage banking operation was also due to reduced margins in the industry resulting from increased competitive pressure since the increase in mortgage rates. gain on sale of mortgage loans increased for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, due to a full year of activity for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to only a partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012. the increase was partially offset by decrease in refinance mortgage loan volume due to increasing interest rates during 2013. the partial year of activity for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 resulted from the acquisition and integration of the assets of home loan center in june of 2012.
other income other income includes royalty revenues earned by diners club, merchant fees, revenue from the transition services agreement related to the acquisition of slc, revenue from merchants related to reward programs, revenues from network partners and other miscellaneous revenue items.
employee compensation and benefits                 $1,242                          $1,164                                          $1,048                                                    $87                                             $78                                      7            %                          $116                                  11           %
total other expense increased $146 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily driven by higher employee compensation costs due to growth in overall headcount along with higher professional fees due to consultant expenses related to technology and digital investments. higher marketing and business development expenses also contributed to the increase in other expense mainly due to growth initiatives. the increase in total other expense was partially offset by a decrease in the other expense line item, which primarily resulted from non-recurring expenses incurred in 2013 related to our purchase of the diners club italy licensee and financial assistance to facilitate the purchase of the slovenian licensee by a european bank. the decrease in other expense line item was partially offset by the impairment of goodwill related to the discover home loans business along with fair value adjustment resulting from recording diners club italy as held-for-sale.
total other expense increased $142 million for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 primarily due to higher employee compensation costs driven by growth in overall headcount along with a full year of operating activity of the home loan center assets. additionally, marketing and business development costs increased due to growth initiatives. higher information processing and communications related expenses also contributed to the increase in other expense mainly related to increased software maintenance, licenses and technology expenses due to growth initiatives. other expense decreased primarily due to legal expenses incurred in 2012 associated with the consent order that discover bank entered into with the fdic and cfpb, for which there was no equivalent impact in 2013.
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits        2.8                              2.2                                           2.9                                                       3.2
income tax expense decreased $103 million, or 7.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting a decrease in pretax income. the effective tax rate decreased 0.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 37.4% for the year ended december 31, 2013 due to favorable adjustments to unrecognized tax benefits and recognition of tax benefits attributable to prior year tax adjustments.
income tax expense increased $66 million, or 4.7%, for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012, reflecting an increase in pretax income. the effective tax rate decreased 0.1% for the calendar year ended december 31, 2013 from 37.5% for the fiscal year ended november 30, 2012 as a result of a decrease in state income tax rates offset by the impact of the diners club italy acquisition.
liquidity and capital resources funding and liquidity we seek to maintain diversified funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. in addition, we seek to achieve an appropriate maturity profile and utilize a cost-effective mix of funding sources. our primary funding sources include deposits, sourced directly from consumers or through brokers, term asset-backed securitizations, private asset-backed securitizations and short- and long-term borrowings.
funding sources deposits we offer deposit products to customers through two channels: (i) through direct marketing, internet origination and affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"); and (ii) indirectly through contractual arrangements with securities brokerage firms ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposits include certificates of deposit, money market accounts, online savings and checking accounts and ira certificates of deposit, while brokered deposits include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts.
at december 31, 2014, we had $28.8 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $17.3 billion of brokered deposits. maturities of our certificates of deposit range from 1 month to 10 years, with a weighted-average maturity of 22 months.
the following table summarizes deposits by contractual maturity as of the end of the current period (dollars in millions):
certificates of deposit in amounts less than $100,000(1)                        $21,502                            $2,784                                       $2,478                                            $4,389                               $11,851                   $-
certificates of deposit in amounts of $100,000 to less than $250,000(1)           4,481                               719                                          498                                             1,265                                 1,999                   -
certificates of deposit in amounts of $250,000(1)or greater                       1,153                               184                                          103                                               335                                   531                   -
savings deposits, including money market deposit accounts(2)                     18,656                                 -                                            -                                                 -                                     -                   18,656
total interest-bearing deposits                                                 $45,792                            $3,687                                       $3,079                                            $5,989                               $14,381                   $18,656
(1)   $100,000 represents the basic insurance amount previously covered by the fdic. effective july 21, 2010, the basic insurance per depositor was permanently increased to $250,000.
(2)   represents deposits with no contractual maturity, except for structured sweep deposits associated with agreements entered into with third parties.
credit card securitization financing we use the securitization of credit card receivables as an additional source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"), through which we issue dcent discoverseries notes both publicly and through private transactions. we retain significant exposure to the performance of trust assets through holdings of the seller's interest and subordinated security classes of dcent.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization,"
which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received by a trust during a collection period, including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of the trust during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received by the trust (the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received). an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity, and require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. as of december 31, 2014, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 13.95%.
another feature of our securitization structure is a reserve account funding requirement in which, in limited circumstances, excess cash flows generated by the transferred loan receivables are held at the trust. this funding requirement is triggered when dcent's three-month average excess spread rate decreases to below 4.50%, with increasing funding requirements as excess spread levels decline below preset levels to 0%. see note 5: credit card and student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the structures of dcmt and dcent and for tables providing information concerning investors' interests and related excess spread at december 31, 2014.
at december 31, 2014, we had $16.0 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $5.8 billion of outstanding asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings-owed to credit card securitization investors   $15,950                                             $3,301                                              $7,749                                              $4,900                                              $-
the triple-a rating of dcent class a notes issued to date has been based, in part, on an fdic rule which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not, using its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize them as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of fasb accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 860, transfers and servicing), no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 1, 2009. other legislative and regulatory developments may, however, impact our ability and/or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future. for information on recent developments, see "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding - securitizations."
other long-term borrowings-student loans at december 31, 2014, we had $1.4 billion of remaining principal balance outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of the acquisition of student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings over time.
discover financial services senior notes                                                  discover bank senior notes               discover bank subordinated notes principal amount outstanding               maturity                         principal amount outstanding               maturity                    principal amount outstanding                    maturity
short-term borrowings we utilize a warehouse line of credit available up to $205 million as a form of short-term borrowings. this line of credit is used for the sole purpose of funding consumer residential mortgage loans. the warehouse line of credit had an outstanding balance of $113 million as of december 31, 2014. in addition, we may access short-term borrowings through the federal funds market or through repurchase agreements. at december 31, 2014, there were no outstanding balances under the federal funds market or repurchase agreements.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed undrawn capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2014, we had total committed capacity of $7.5 billion, none of which was drawn.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2014, discover bank had $16 billion of available capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged. we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window as of december 31, 2014.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit, primarily through discover bank, the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio, working capital and debt and capital service. we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under both the normal course of business and hypothetical adverse environments, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans, and contingency uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. in order to anticipate funding needs under adverse environments, we maintain liquidity stress scenarios that assess the impact of a range of unusual business events, such as severe economic recessions, financial market disruptions, adverse operational events and other forms of stress.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including securitizations and senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as potentially higher fees related to borrowings under our lines of credit. in addition to increased
funding costs, deterioration in credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
we also have agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain provisions that require dfs and discover bank to maintain an investment grade credit rating from specified major credit rating agencies. because the credit rating of dfs did not meet the specified thresholds, we had posted $4 million of collateral with our counterparties at december 31, 2014. discover bank's credit rating met specified thresholds set by its counterparties. however, if discover bank's credit rating were reduced by one ratings notch, discover bank would be required to post additional collateral, which, as of december 31, 2014, would have been $97 million.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. the credit ratings are summarized in the following table:
moody's investors service                                                                             standard &amp; poor's                                                                                 fitch ratings senior unsecured debt discover financial services                        ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb+
outlook for senior unsecured debt                  stable                                                                                                positive                                                                                              stable subordinated debt discover bank                                      ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb discover card execution note trust class a(1)                                         aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaasf class b(1)                                         aa1(sf)                                                                                               aa+(sf)                                                                                               aa-sf class c(2)                                         n/a                                                                                                   n/a                                                                                                   n/a
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under normal and stress conditions at the discover financial services and discover bank entity levels and on a consolidated basis. in addition to the funding sources discussed above, we also maintain high quality, liquid, unencumbered assets in our investment portfolio.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing the liquidity risk across our businesses. the policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee (the "alco"). we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. liquidity risk is centrally managed by the alco, which is chaired by our treasurer and has cross-functional membership. the alco monitors liquidity risk profile and determines any actions that may need to be taken.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we developed liquidity early warning indicators ("ewi") to detect initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the alco regularly. an ewi breach triggers prompt review and decision making by our senior management team, and in certain instances may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of the contingency funding plan.
in addition, liquidity stress testing is conducted regularly and contingency funding planning is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios including idiosyncratic and systemic events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the liquidity position at discover financial services, discover bank and on a consolidated basis from daily to up to a two-year horizon by analyzing the stress on liquidity versus the ability to generate contingent liquidity. we maintain contingent funding
sources, including our liquidity portfolio, private securitizations with unused capacity and federal reserve discount window capacity, which we could utilize to satisfy liquidity needs during such stress events. we expect to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations during the next 12 months by utilizing the funding sources that are currently available to us.
at december 31, 2014, our liquidity portfolio was comprised of cash and cash equivalents and high quality, liquid and unencumbered investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily in the form of deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and u.s. government agencies and residential mortgage-backed securities issued by u.s. government agencies. these investments are considered highly liquid, and we have the ability to raise cash by utilizing repurchase agreements, pledging certain of these investments to access the secured funding markets or selling them. the level and mix of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the level of expected maturities of our funding sources as well as operational requirements and market conditions.
at december 31, 2014, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $34.3 billion, which was $1.7 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2013. during the calendar year ended december 31, 2014, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $11.9 billion.
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                 $6,921                  $6,193
investment securities(2)                                      3,831                   4,922
total liquidity portfolio                                    10,752                  11,115
undrawn credit facilities(3)
private asset-backed securitizations                          7,500                   7,000
total undrawn credit facilities                              23,524                  21,500
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities     $34,276                 $32,615
(1)   cash-in-process is excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)   excludes $16 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2014 and $9 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2013.
(3)   see " - additional funding sources" for additional information.
(4)   excludes $5 million of investments accounted for in the liquidity portfolio that were pledged to the federal reserve as of december 31, 2013.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the bank holding company level include debt and capital service (interest and dividend payments and return of principal) and capital management activity, which may include the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the public issuance of unsecured debt and preferred stock, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, particularly discover bank. under periods of stress or at the discretion of our regulators, the bank holding company could lose access to one or both of those funding sources. in addition, federal statute and regulatory standards require that bank holding companies retain sufficient liquidity in order to serve as a source of financial strength for their banks and their banks' subsidiaries during periods of liquidity stress.
we utilize a measure called number of months of pre-funding to determine the length of time discover financial services can meet upcoming funding obligations including common and preferred dividend payments and debt service obligations using existing cash resources. at december 31, 2014, discover financial services has sufficient cash resources to fund the dividend and debt service payments for at least the next 18 months, which exceeds current alco and board limits.
we structure our debt maturity schedule to minimize the amount of debt maturing at the bank holding company level within a short period of time. as of december 31, 2014, there is no upcoming debt maturity in 2015 or 2016 at the bank holding company level. our alco and board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity
limits as a bank holding company, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite articulated by our board.
capital our primary sources of capital are from the earnings generated by our businesses and common and preferred stock issuances in the capital markets. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the risks of our businesses, meet regulatory requirements, meet rating agency targets and support future business growth. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the fdic, the federal reserve and other bank regulatory agencies, discover financial services, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum levels of capital. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial position and results. we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets and liabilities as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.
our capital adequacy assessment also includes tax and accounting considerations in accordance with regulatory guidance. we maintain a deferred tax asset on our balance sheet, and we include this asset when calculating our regulatory capital levels. however, for regulatory capital purposes, deferred tax assets that are dependent on future taxable income are currently limited to the lesser of: (i) the amount of deferred tax assets we expect to realize within one year of the calendar quarter-end date, based on our projected future taxable income for that year; or (ii) 10% of the amount of our tier 1 capital. at december 31, 2014, no portion of our deferred tax asset was disallowed for regulatory capital purposes.
at december 31, 2014, discover financial services and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the existing basel i standards.
as discussed in "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding," we are subject to a common equity tier 1 capital ratio requirement as of january 1, 2015. we currently disclose our tier 1 common capital ratio as calculated under basel i for our bank holding company, which is a regulatory capital measure widely used by investors, analysts, rating agencies and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies. since analysts and banking regulators may assess the quality and composition of our capital adequacy using this ratio, we believe it is useful to provide investors the ability to assess our capital adequacy on the same basis. further, we believe that providing an estimate of capital position based on the basel iii final rules is important to complement the existing capital ratios and for comparability to other financial institutions. as of december 31, 2014, the tier 1 common capital ratio calculated under basel i and common equity tier 1 capital ratio calculated under basel iii are not formally defined by u.s. gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations, as such, they are considered to be non-gaap financial measures. other financial services companies may also disclose these ratios and definitions may vary, so we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing these ratios for different companies.
our tier 1 common capital ratio, as calculated under basel i, decreased to 14.1% at december 31, 2014 from 14.3% at december 31, 2013. the decrease was driven by higher risk-weighted assets compared to the prior year.
the following table provides a reconciliation of total common stockholders' equity (a u.s. gaap financial measure) to our tier 1 common capital calculated under basel i (dollars in millions):
total common stockholders' equity                                                                                                                 $10,574                                                                                                 $10,249
tangible common equity                                                                                                                             10,141                                                                                                   9,780
effect of certain items in accumulated other comprehensive income excluded from tier 1 common capital                                                 138                                                                                                      69
total tier 1 common capital (basel i)                                                                                                             $10,279                                                                                                  $9,849
tier 1 common capital ratio (basel i)                                                                                                                14.1                         %                                                                          14.3                         %
(1)   under the banking agencies' risk-based capital guidelines, assets and credit equivalent amounts of derivatives and off-balance sheet exposures are assigned to broad risk categories. the aggregate dollar amount in each risk category is multiplied by the associated risk weight of the category. the resulting weighted values are added together, along with the measure for market risk, resulting in our total risk-weighted assets.
the following table provides a reconciliation of common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets calculated under basel iii using the standardized approach to tier 1 common capital and risk-weighted assets calculated under basel i (dollars in millions):
total tier 1 common capital (basel i)                                                                                                                                                          $10,279
add: adjustments related to capital components(1)                                                                                                                                                   26
common equity tier 1 capital (basel iii final rule)                                                                                                                                            $10,305
common equity tier 1 capital ratio (basel iii final rule)                                                                                                                                         14.1                                                                  %
(1)   adjustments related to capital components include: deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and deduction for deferred tax assets.
(2)   key differences under fully phased-in basel iii rules in the calculation of risk-weighted assets compared to basel i include: higher risk weighting for past due loans and unfunded commitments.
current or future legislative or regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future. federal reserve and fdic final rules applicable to discover financial services and discover bank, respectively, include new minimum and "well-capitalized" risk-based capital and leverage ratios, effective january 1, 2015, and refine the definition of what constitutes "capital" for purposes of calculating those ratios. for additional information, see "- regulatory environment and developments - capital, liquidity and funding."
additionally, we are required to submit an annual capital plan to the federal reserve that includes an assessment of our expected uses and sources of capital over the nine quarter planning horizon. in january 2015, we submitted our annual capital plan to the federal reserve under the federal reserve's comprehensive capital analysis and review, or ccar, program, which included planned dividends and share repurchases over the nine quarter planning horizon. in march 2014, we received non-objection from the federal reserve with respect to our proposed capital actions through march 31, 2015. our ability to make capital distributions, including our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock, will continue to be subject to the federal reserve's review and non-objection of the actions that we propose each year in our annual capital plan.
also in march 2014, the federal reserve published the results of its annual supervisory stress tests for bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including discover financial services. at that same time, we published company-run stress test results for discover financial services and discover bank. discover financial services is required to publish company-run stress tests results in march and september each year in accordance with federal reserve rules and discover bank is required to publish company-run stress test results under fdic rules. we published our mid-year stress test results in september 2014. the dates for publication of stress test
we recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.24 per share, payable on 2/19/15 to holders of record on 2/5/15, which is consistent with the dividend amount that we paid in each of the second, third and fourth quarters. we also recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our preferred stock of $16.25 per share, equal to $0.40625 per depositary share, payable on 3/2/15 to holders of record on 2/13/15, which was the same amount paid on our preferred stock in each of the four quarters.
on april 16, 2014, our board of directors approved a two-year share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $3.2 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock. the program expires on april 15, 2016, and may be terminated at any time. this program replaced the prior $2.4 billion program, which had $1.0 billion of remaining authorization. during the calendar year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 25 million shares, or 5%, of our outstanding common stock for $1.5 billion. we expect to continue to make share repurchases under our repurchase program from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, subject to legal and regulatory requirements and restrictions. share repurchases under the program may be made through a variety of methods, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods. any share repurchases after march 31, 2015 will be subject to receiving federal reserve non-objection with respect to our proposed capital actions through june 30, 2016.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding, and if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period, no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent to which our banking subsidiaries can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, also noted above, current or future regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. for more information, including conditions and limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases," "risk factors - credit, market and liquidity risk - we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock" and "- we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
certain off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. contractual obligations include deposits, long-term borrowings, operating and capital lease obligations, interest payments on fixed-rate debt, purchase obligations and other liabilities. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations are summarized below (dollars in millions):
deposits(1)(2)                                                             $46,089                                                                                     $31,708                                                                                      $9,093                                                                                      $3,522                                                                                      $1,766
capital lease obligations                                                        1                                                                                           1                                                                                           -                                                                                           -                                                                                           -
other liabilities(5)                                                           229                                                                                          51                                                                                          42                                                                                          33                                                                                         103
(1)   deposits do not include interest payments because payment amounts and timing cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposit accounts have early withdrawal rights and the option to roll interest payments into the balance.
(2)   deposits due in less than one year include deposits with indeterminate maturities.
(4)   purchase obligations for goods and services include payments under, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, data, advertising, sponsorship, software license, telecommunications agreements and global acceptance contracts. purchase obligations also include payments under rewards program agreements with merchants. purchase obligations at december 31, 2014 reflect the minimum purchase obligation under legally binding contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on our consolidated statement of financial condition.
(5)   other liabilities include our expected future contributions to our pension plan, the contingent liability associated with our equity method securities and a commitment to purchase certain when-issued mortgage-backed securities under an agreement with the delaware state housing authority as part of our community reinvestment initiatives.
as of december 31, 2014 our consolidated statement of financial condition reflects a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $635 million, and approximately $135 million of accrued interest and penalties. since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated income tax obligations about which there is uncertainty, as addressed in asc topic 740, income taxes (guidance formerly provided by fasb interpretation no. 48), have been excluded from the contractual obligations table. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for further information concerning our tax obligations.
we extend credit for consumer loans, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2014, our unused commitments were $169.2 billion. these commitments, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements.