item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. for example, the words “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. our actual results and the timing of certain events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those discussed in “liquidity and capital resources” and “risk factors” elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. all forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.
our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial information from our management’s perspective and is presented as follows:
•   overview
•   non-gaap financial measures
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   critical accounting policies and estimates
in december 2014, as more fully described in the real estate investment trust (“reit”) conversion in business in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k, we completed the implementation of the reit conversion and as a result, we will make a tax election for reit status for the taxable year commencing january 1, 2015.
in december 2014, as more fully described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we entered into a credit agreement with a group of lenders for a $1.5 billion credit facility, which is referred to as the senior credit facility, comprised of a $1.0 billion multicurrency revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million multicurrency term loan facility. we used a portion of the net proceeds of the term loan facility for the prepayment of the remaining principal balance of the previously outstanding u.s. term loan of $110.0 million. the existing u.s. revolving credit line of $550.0 million was replaced with the $1.0 billion revolving credit facility. we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $2.5 million during the three months ended december 31, 2014 related to the prepayment and termination of the u.s. term loan and u.s. revolving credit line.
in december 2014, as more fully described in note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we redeemed all of our $750.0 million 7.00% senior notes, plus accrued interest, with $866.9 million in cash, which includes the premium paid of $94.0 million. during the three months ended december 31, 2014, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $103.3 million, which included the premium paid and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs of $9.3 million.
in november 2014, as more fully described in note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due january 1, 2022, and $500.0
million aggregate principal amount of 5.750% senior notes due january 1, 2025, which are referred to as the 2022 senior notes and 2025 senior notes, respectively. we used a portion of the net proceeds from this senior notes offering for the redemption of our 7.00% senior notes and intend to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditure and dividend distribution.
in october 2014, as more fully described in note 11 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, our board of directors declared a special distribution of $416.0 million, or approximately $7.57 per share, which is referred to as the 2014 special distribution, to our common stockholders in connection with our plan to convert to a reit. the 2014 special distribution was paid on november 25, 2014 to our common stockholders of record as of the close of business on october 27, 2014. common stockholders had the option to elect to receive payment of the 2014 special distribution in the form of stock or cash, with the total cash payment to all stockholders limited to no more than 20% of the total distribution. the number of shares distributed was determined based upon common stockholder elections and the average closing price of our common stock on the three trading days commencing on november 18, 2014, or $224.45 per share. we issued 1,482,419 shares of our common stock and paid $83.3 million in connection with the 2014 special distribution. on january 1, 2015, we began operating as a reit. see reit conversion in business in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in october 2014, as more fully described in note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we settled with the remaining holders of our 3.00% convertible subordinated notes. approximately $178.7 million in aggregate principal amount of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes were converted into 1,595,496 shares of common stock. the remaining amount of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes were settled in cash.
in july 2014, as more fully described in note 2 and note 10 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we and riverwood capital l.p. (“riverwood”) entered into a purchase and sale agreement in which we acquired riverwood’s interest in alog data centers do brasil s.a. and its subsidiaries (“alog”) and the approximate 10% of alog owned by alog management, which resulted in our 100% ownership interest in alog. the net purchase price of $225.7 million consisted of: (i) $216.5 million of cash paid to riverwood and alog management to acquire their interests in alog, (ii) $8.5 million of cash paid for the common shares of alog related to vested and outstanding stock options to purchase common shares of alog that were held by alog employees and (iii) $686,000 for the assumption of riverwood’s portion of the contingent consideration in connection with the acquisition of alog in 2011.
in june 2014, as more fully described in note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we entered into an agreement with a note holder to exchange an aggregate of $217.2 million of the principal amount of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes for 1,948,578 shares of our common stock and $5.4 million in cash, which was comprised of accrued interest and a premium. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $4.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
in may and june 2014, as more fully described in note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, we entered into agreements with certain note holders to exchange an aggregate of $215.8 million of the principal amount of the 4.75% convertible subordinated notes for 2,411,851 shares of our common stock and $51.7 million in cash, which was comprised of accrued interest, a premium and cash paid in lieu of issuing shares for certain note holders’ principal. as a result, we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $47.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2014.
overview equinix provides global data center offerings that protect and connect the world’s most valued information assets. global enterprises, financial services companies and content and network service providers rely upon equinix’s leading insight and data centers in 33 markets around the world for the safekeeping of their critical it
equipment and the ability to directly connect to the networks that enable today’s information-driven economy. equinix offers the following solutions: (i) premium data center colocation, (ii) interconnection and (iii) exchange and outsourced it infrastructure services. as of december 31, 2014, we operated or had partner international business exchange (“ibx”) data centers in the atlanta, boston, chicago, dallas, denver, los angeles, miami, new york, philadelphia, rio de janeiro, sao paulo, seattle, silicon valley, toronto and washington, d.c. metro areas in the americas region; france, germany, italy, the netherlands, switzerland, the united arab emirates and the united kingdom in the europe, middle east and africa (“emea”) region; and australia, china, hong kong, indonesia, japan and singapore in the asia-pacific region.
our data centers in 33 markets around the world are a global platform, which allows our customers to increase information and application delivery performance while significantly reducing costs. this global platform and the quality of our ibx data centers have enabled us to establish a critical mass of customers. as more customers choose our ibx data centers, it benefits their suppliers and business partners to colocate with us as well, in order to gain the full economic and performance benefits of our offerings. these partners, in turn, pull in their business partners, creating a “marketplace” for their services. our global platform enables scalable, reliable and cost-effective colocation, interconnection and traffic exchange that lowers overall cost and increases flexibility. our focused business model is built on our critical mass of customers and the resulting “marketplace” effect. this global platform, combined with our strong financial position, continues to drive new customer growth and bookings.
historically, our market has been served by large telecommunications carriers who have bundled telecommunications products and services with their colocation offerings. the data center market landscape has evolved to include cloud computing/utility providers, application hosting providers and systems integrators, managed infrastructure hosting providers and colocation providers. more than 350 companies provide data center solutions in the u.s. alone. each of these data center solutions providers can bundle various colocation, interconnection and network offerings, and outsourced it infrastructure services. we are able to offer our customers a global platform that reaches 15 countries with proven operational reliability, improved application performance and network choice, and a highly scalable set of offerings.
our utilization rate represents the percentage of our cabinet space billing versus net sellable cabinet space available, taking into account power limitations. our utilization rate was approximately 78% and 76% as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. however, excluding the impact of ibx data center expansion projects that have opened during the last 12 months, our utilization rate would be approximately 81% as of december 31, 2014. our utilization rate varies from market to market among our ibx data centers across the americas, emea and asia-pacific regions. we continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. to the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market. we perform demand studies on an ongoing basis to determine if future expansion is warranted in a market. in addition, power and cooling requirements for most customers are growing on a per unit basis. as a result, customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. although we generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from installed circuits, we have negotiated power consumption limitations with certain high power-demand customers. this increased power consumption has driven us to build out our new ibx data centers to support power and cooling needs twice that of previous ibx data centers. we could face power limitations in our ibx data centers, even though we may have additional physical cabinet capacity available within a specific ibx data center. this could have a negative impact on the available utilization capacity of a given ibx data center, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow revenues, affecting our financial performance, operating results and cash flows.
strategically, we will continue to look at attractive opportunities to grow our market share and selectively improve our footprint and offerings. as was the case with our recent expansions and acquisitions, our expansion criteria will be dependent on a number of factors, such as demand from new and existing customers, quality of the design, power capacity, access to networks, capacity availability in the current market location, amount of incremental investment required by us in the targeted property, lead-time to break even on a free cash flow basis, and in-place customers. like our recent expansions and acquisitions, the right combination of these factors may
be attractive to us. depending on the circumstances, these transactions may require additional capital expenditures funded by upfront cash payments or through long-term financing arrangements in order to bring these properties up to equinix standards. property expansion may be in the form of purchases of real property, long-term leasing arrangements or acquisitions. future purchases, construction or acquisitions may be completed by us or with partners or potential customers to minimize the outlay of cash, which can be significant.
our business is based on a recurring revenue model comprised of colocation and related interconnection and managed infrastructure offerings. we consider these offerings recurring because our customers are generally billed on a fixed and recurring basis each month for the duration of their contract, which is generally one to three years in length. our recurring revenues have comprised more than 90% of our total revenues during the past three years. in addition, during any given quarter of the past three years, more than half of our monthly recurring revenue bookings came from existing customers, contributing to our revenue growth. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our largest customer accounted for approximately 2% of our recurring revenues for the periods then ended. our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 36%, 35% and 34% of our recurring revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
our non-recurring revenues are primarily comprised of installation services related to a customer’s initial deployment and professional services that we perform. these services are considered to be non-recurring because they are billed typically once, upon completion of the installation or the professional services work performed. the majority of these non-recurring revenues are typically billed on the first invoice distributed to the customer in connection with their initial installation. however, revenues from installation services are deferred and recognized ratably over the expected life of the customer installation. additionally, revenue from contract settlements, when a customer wishes to terminate their contract early, is recognized when no remaining performance obligations exist and collectability is reasonably assured, to the extent that the revenue has not previously been recognized. as a percentage of total revenues, we expect non-recurring revenues to represent less than 10% of total revenues for the foreseeable future.
our americas revenues are derived primarily from colocation and related interconnection offerings, and our emea and asia-pacific revenues are derived primarily from colocation and managed infrastructure offerings.
the largest components of our cost of revenues are depreciation, rental payments related to our leased ibx data centers, utility costs, including electricity and bandwidth, ibx data center employees’ salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, repairs and maintenance, supplies and equipment and security services. a substantial majority of our cost of revenues is fixed in nature and should not vary significantly from period to period, unless we expand our existing ibx data centers or open or acquire new ibx data centers. however, there are certain costs that are considered more variable in nature, including utilities and supplies that are directly related to growth in our existing and new customer base. we expect the cost of our utilities, specifically electricity, will generally increase in the future on a per-unit or fixed basis, in addition to the variable increase related to the growth in consumption by our customers. in addition, the cost of electricity is generally higher in the summer months, as compared to other times of the year. to the extent we incur increased utility costs, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, to the extent we incur increased electricity costs as a result of either climate change policies or the physical effects of climate change, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation and related costs for sales and marketing personnel, including stock-based compensation, sales commissions, marketing programs, public relations, promotional materials and travel, as well as bad debt expense and amortization of customer contract intangible assets.
due to our recurring revenue model, and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature and generally does not grow in proportion to revenue growth, we expect our cost of revenues, sales and marketing expenses and general and administrative expenses to decline as a percentage of revenues over time, although we expect each of them to grow in absolute dollars in connection with our growth. however, for cost of revenues, this trend may periodically be impacted when a large expansion project opens or is acquired, and before it starts generating any meaningful revenue. furthermore, in relation to cost of revenues, we note that the americas region has a lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenue than either emea or asia-pacific. this is due to both the increased scale and maturity of the americas region, compared to either the emea or asia-pacific region, as well as a higher cost structure outside of the americas, particularly in emea. while we expect all three regions to continue to see lower cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues in future periods, we expect the trend that sees the americas having the lowest cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues to continue. as a result, to the extent that revenue growth outside the americas grows in greater proportion than revenue growth in the americas, our overall cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues may increase in future periods. sales and marketing expenses may periodically increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to scale our operations to invest in sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue, including the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovations. general and administrative expenses may also periodically increase as a percentage of revenues as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth.
results of operations our results of operations for the year ended 2013 include the operations of the frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition from october 1, 2013. our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2012 include the operations of the dubai ibx data center acquisition from november 9, 2012, asia tone from july 4, 2012 and ancotel from july 3, 2012.
discontinued operations we present the results of operations associated with 16 of our ibx centers that we sold in november 2012 as net income from discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations. our results of operations have been reclassified to reflect our discontinued operations for all applicable periods presented. unless otherwise stated, the results of operations discussed herein refer to our continuing operations.
revenues. our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were generated from the following revenue classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas revenues. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, our revenues from the united states, the largest revenue contributor in the americas region for the periods, represented approximately 91% of the regional revenues. growth in americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $38.3 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the atlanta, chicago, dallas, miami, new york and sao paolo metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $22.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our americas revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in the recently-opened ibx data centers and additional ibx data center expansions currently taking place in the dallas, new york, philadelphia, rio de janeiro, seattle, silicon valley, toronto and washington, d.c. metro areas, which are expected to open during 2015. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts.
emea revenues. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, our revenues from the united kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the emea region for the periods, represented approximately 36% of the regional revenues. our emea revenue growth was due to (i) $20.0 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the amsterdam and frankfurt metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $11.1 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our emea revenues primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our emea revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of
continued growth in recently-opened ibx data centers and an additional ibx data center expansion currently taking place in the amsterdam, frankfurt, london and paris metro areas, which are expected to open during 2015. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts.
asia-pacific revenues. our revenues from singapore, the largest revenue contributor in the asia-pacific region, represented approximately 38% and 36%, respectively, of the regional revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. our asia-pacific revenue growth was due to (i) $53.4 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the hong kong, melbourne, osaka, singapore, sydney and tokyo metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our utilization rate, as discussed above, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $13.7 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect that our asia-pacific revenues will continue to grow in future periods as a result of continued growth in these recently-opened ibx data center expansions and additional expansions currently taking place in the hong kong, singapore and tokyo metro areas, which are expected to open during 2015 and 2016. our estimates of future revenue growth also take into account expected changes in recurring revenues attributed to customer bookings, customer churn or changes or amendments to customers’ contracts.
cost of revenues. our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas cost of revenues. our americas cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $218.4 million and $216.6 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $17.7 million of higher utilities and repair and maintenance expense in support of our business growth, (ii) $8.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (941 employees included in americas cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 894 as of december 31, 2013), (iii) $8.1 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales to support the growth of non-recurring revenues and (iv) $3.9 million of higher accretion expenses as a result of the reversal of asset retirement obligations during the year ended december 31, 2013 associated with the execution of certain lease amendments, partially offset by $12.9 million of lower rent and facility costs primarily as a result of either certain leases no longer being subject to operating lease treatment or the purchase of previously-leased sites. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $16.3 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our
americas cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect americas cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business.
emea cost of revenues. emea cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $97.8 million and $77.9 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our emea cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $29.9 million of higher utility costs, repair and maintenance, professional fees and rent and facility costs in support of our revenue growth, (ii) $7.4 million of higher compensation, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (473 employees included in emea cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 396 as of december 31, 2013) and (iii) $5.8 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales, bandwidth and other customer services in support of our non- recurring revenues growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $4.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea cost of revenues primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect emea cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business.
asia-pacific cost of revenues. asia-pacific cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included $101.4 million and $82.6 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in asia-pacific cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $13.7 million in higher utility costs, repairs and maintenance costs, as well as rent and facility costs in support of our revenue growth; (ii) $2.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (342 employees included in asia-pacific cost of revenues as of december 31, 2014 versus 289 as of december 31, 2013) and (iii) $3.3 million of higher costs associated with equipment resales in support of our non-recurring revenues growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.4 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect asia-pacific cost of revenues to increase as we continue to grow our business.
sales and marketing expenses. our sales and marketing expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues:
americas sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our americas sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $21.6 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission, stock-based compensation as a result of headcount growth (450 americas sales and
marketing employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 395 as of december 31, 2013), which incorporates a change in our sales commission practices whereby our sales commission accrual will occur when sales orders are booked versus when the sales orders are billed and (ii) $5.3 million of higher travel, advertising and promotion costs in support of our business growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.5 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas sales and marketing expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. over the past several years, we have been investing in our americas sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in americas sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our americas sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.
emea sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our emea sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $8.2 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense as a result of business growth, which incorporates a change in our sales commission practices whereby our sales commission accrual will occur when sales orders are booked versus when the sales orders are billed. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our emea sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013. over the past several years, we have been investing in our emea sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our emea sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues have increased. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in emea sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our emea sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.
asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $9.5 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, commission, stock-based compensation as a result of business and headcount growth (155 asia-pacific sales and marketing employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 120 as of december 31, 2013), which incorporates a change in our sales commission practices whereby our sales commission accrual will occur when sales orders are booked versus when the sales orders are billed. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013. over the past several years, we have been investing in our asia-pacific sales and marketing initiatives to further increase our revenue. these investments have included the hiring of additional headcount and new product innovation efforts and, as a result, our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses have increased. although we anticipate that we will continue to invest in asia-pacific sales and marketing initiatives, we believe our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues will remain at approximately current levels over the next year or two but should ultimately decrease as we continue to grow our business.
general and administrative expenses. our general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas general and administrative expenses. the increase in our americas general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $24.9 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, as a result of headcount growth (731 americas general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 695 as of december 31, 2013) and the exercise of the alog stock options, (ii) $15.2 million of higher professional fees, recruiting, training and travel expenses to support the reit conversion, (iii) $5.4 million of higher depreciation expenses primarily due to implementation of the oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion and (iv) $4.0 million higher of office expenses in support of our business growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.4 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. over the course of the past year, we have been investing in our americas general and administrative functions to scale this region effectively for growth, which has included additional investments into improving our back office systems. we expect our current efforts to improve our back office systems will continue over the next several years. we also incurred costs to support our reit conversion process. collectively, these investments in our back office systems and our reit conversion process have resulted in increased professional fees. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect americas general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to further scale our operations to support our growth, including these investments in our back office systems and maintaining our reit qualification.
emea general and administrative expenses. the increase in our emea general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) approximately $3.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (353 emea general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 301 as of december 31, 2013) and (ii) $2.5 million of higher depreciation expenses due to implementation of the oracle r12 erp system and certain systems to support the reit conversion. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $2.0 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our emea general and administrative expenses primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the british pound, euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect our emea general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease.
asia-pacific general and administrative expenses. the increase in our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $4.2 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (224 asia-pacific general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2014 versus 208 as of december 31, 2013). for the year ended december 31, 2014, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2013. going forward, although we are carefully monitoring our spending, we expect asia-pacific general and administrative expenses to increase as we continue to scale our operations to support our growth; however, as a percentage of revenues, we generally expect them to decrease.
restructuring charges. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we did not record any restructuring charges. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $4.8 million reversal of the restructuring charge accrual for our excess space in the new york 2 ibx data center as a result of our decision to purchase this property and utilize the space. see “restructuring charges” in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
acquisition costs. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $2.5 million primarily attributed to the emea region. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $10.9 million primarily attributed to our americas and emea regions.
interest income. interest income was $2.9 million and $3.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the average yield for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 0.33% versus 0.32% for the year ended december 31, 2013. we expect our interest income to remain at these low levels for the foreseeable future due to the impact of a continued low interest rate environment and a portfolio more weighted towards short-term securities.
interest expense. interest expense increased to $270.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $248.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase in interest expense was primarily due to the impact of our $1.25 billion senior notes offering in november 2014 and $29.8 million of higher interest expense from various capital lease and other financing obligations to support our expansion projects, which was offset by the redemption of our 7.00% senior notes in december 2014, the settlement of the 3.00% convertible notes, the partial redemption of the 4.75% convertible notes in june 2014 and more capitalized interest expense. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we capitalized $19.0 million and $10.6 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress. going forward, we expect to incur higher interest expense as we recognize the full impact of our $1.25 billion senior notes and $1.5 billion senior credit facility offerings, partially offset by the redemption of our 7.00% senior notes, settlement of our 3.00% convertible notes and prepayment and termination of our $750.0 million multicurrency credit facility. we may also incur additional indebtedness to support our growth, resulting in higher interest expense.
other income (expense). we recorded $0.1 million and $5.3 million, respectively, of other income for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains (losses) during the periods.
loss on debt extinguishment. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a $157.0 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $51.2 million was attributable to the exchanges of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, $103.3 million was attributable to the redemption of our $750.0 million 7.00% senior notes and $2.5 million was attributable to the prepayment and termination of our $750.0 million multicurrency credit facility. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $108.5 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $93.6 million was attributable to the redemption of our $750 million 8.125% senior notes, $13.2 million was attributable to the extinguishment of the financing liabilities for our london 4 and 5 ibx data centers and $1.7 million was attributable to an amendment of our new york 5 and 6 ibx lease. for additional information, see “loss on debt extinguishment” in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded $345.5 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to the statutory tax rate change due to our reit conversion, which resulted in a $324.1 million domestic deferred tax assets write-off. in connection with the formal approval of our conversion to a reit by our board of directors in december 2014, we reassessed the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our u.s. operations included in the reit structure in the fourth quarter of 2014. the reevaluation resulted in de-recognizing the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our reit’s u.s. operations, excluding the deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture expected in 2015. the de-recognition of the deferred tax assets and liabilities of our reit’s u.s. operations occurred because the expected recovery or settlement of the related
assets and liabilities will not result in deductible or taxable amounts in any post-reit conversion periods. the deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with our foreign operations, regardless of whether such foreign operations are part of the reit conversion, are not subject to the de-recognition assessment. in addition, we don’t expect any “built-in” gains to be recognized within the next 10 years with respect to the reit conversion. as of december 31, 2014, we had a net deferred tax liability of approximately $52.2 million for our domestic operations, which include approximately $82.5 million of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded $16.2 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to our foreign operations, as we incurred losses in our domestic operations during the period. our effective tax rates were 407.7% and 14.4%, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the increase in our effective tax rate was primarily due to tax expense attributable to the domestic deferred tax assets write-off as a result of our reit conversion. excluding this tax expense, our effective tax rate would have been 25.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we utilized all of our federal net operating losses free of section 382 limitations in the u.s. for which a deferred tax asset had been previously recognized and all of our windfall tax losses in the u.s. for which a deferred tax asset had not been previously recognized. we recorded excess income tax benefits of $18.6 million and $25.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheet.
to better align our emea corporate structure and intercompany relationship with the nature of our business activities and regional centralization, we commenced certain reorganization activities during the fourth quarter of 2012 in the emea region. the new organizational structure centralized the majority of our emea business management activities in the netherlands effective july 1, 2013. in december 2013, our dutch subsidiaries that were created to carry-out emea’s centralized management activities received favorable rulings from the dutch tax authorities effective july 1, 2013. the rulings acknowledge the reorganization and agree to a lower level of earnings by our dutch subsidiaries subject to tax in the netherlands. the rulings also require both the dutch tax authorities and our dutch subsidiaries to revisit and renew the agreement in five years from the effective date. as a result, we expect our overall effective tax rate will be lower in subsequent periods as the new structure takes full effect. assuming no material changes to tax rules and regulations, with our reit conversion taking effect we expect our effective long-term worldwide cash tax rate to ultimately decrease to a range of 10% to 15%.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda is a key factor in how we assess the performance of our segments, measure the operational cash generating abilities of our segments and develop regional growth strategies such as ibx data center expansion decisions. adjusted ebitda is the result of our revenues less our adjusted operating expenses. our adjusted operating expenses exclude depreciation expense, amortization expense, accretion expense, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs. periodically, we enter into new lease agreements or amend existing lease agreements. to the extent we conclude that a lease is an operating lease, the rent expense may decrease our adjusted ebitda whereas to the extent we conclude that a lease is a capital or financing lease, and this lease was previously reported as an operating lease, this outcome may increase our adjusted ebitda. our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas adjusted ebitda. the increase in our americas adjusted ebitda was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
emea adjusted ebitda. the increase in our emea adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $4.9 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
asia-pacific adjusted ebitda. the increase in our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda was primarily due to higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2014, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $7.0 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
revenues. our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were generated from the following revenue classifications and geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                               % change
americas revenues. growth in americas revenues was primarily due to (i) $58.6 million of revenue generated from our recently-opened ibx data centers and ibx data center expansions in the chicago, rio de janeiro, seattle, silicon valley and washington, d.c. metro areas and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $9.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
emea revenues. during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, our revenues from the united kingdom, the largest revenue contributor in the emea region for the period, represented approximately 36% and 38%, respectively, of the regional revenues. our emea revenue growth was due to (i) $18.5 million of incremental revenue resulting from acquisitions, (ii) $52.3 million of revenue from our recently-opened ibx data center expansions in the frankfurt, london and zurich metro areas and (iii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.5 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our emea revenues primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
asia-pacific revenues. our revenues from singapore, the largest revenue contributor in the asia-pacific region, represented approximately 36% and 37%, respectively, of the regional revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012. our asia-pacific revenue growth was due to $30.0 million of incremental revenue resulting from the asia tone acquisition and (ii) an increase in orders from both our existing customers and new customers during the period as reflected in the growth in our customer count and utilization rate, in both our new and existing ibx data centers. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $17.6 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
cost of revenues. our cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas cost of revenues. our americas cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 included $216.6 million and $197.3 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our organic ibx data center expansion activity. excluding depreciation expense,
the increase in our americas cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $9.1 million of higher utilities and repairs and maintenance expense, (ii) $7.3 million of higher costs associated with certain custom services provided to our customers, (iii) $6.7 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (894 employees included in americas cost of revenues as of december 31, 2013 versus 828 as of december 31, 2012), (iv) $4.7 million of higher taxes, including property taxes, and (v) $2.6 million of higher costs related to office expansion, partially offset by $9.2 million of lower rent and facility costs and a $4.8 million reversal of asset retirement obligations associated with certain leases that were amended during the year ended december 31, 2013. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $6.4 million of favorable foreign currency impact on our americas cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
emea cost of revenues. emea cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 included $77.9 million and $69.4 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to our ibx data center expansion activity and acquisitions. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in our emea cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) the impact of acquisitions, which resulted in $6.6 million of incremental cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2013, (ii) $10.3 million of higher utility costs, (iii) $5.8 million of costs associated with certain custom services provided to our customers, (iv) $5.3 million of higher compensation expense and (v) $2.2 million of higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our emea cost of revenues was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
asia-pacific cost of revenues. asia-pacific cost of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 included $82.6 million and $71.8 million, respectively, of depreciation expense. growth in depreciation expense was primarily due to both our organic ibx data center expansion activity and the asia tone acquisition. excluding depreciation expense, the increase in asia-pacific cost of revenues was primarily due to (i) $13.9 million of incremental cost of revenues resulting from the asia tone acquisition, (ii) $4.3 million in higher utility costs and (iii) $2.3 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (excluding the impact of the asia tone acquisition, 240 employees included in asia-pacific cost of revenues as of december 31, 2013 versus 192 as of december 31, 2012). during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $11.9 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific cost of revenues primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
sales and marketing expenses. our sales and marketing expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues:
americas sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our americas sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $17.6 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (395 americas sales and marketing employees as of december 31, 2013 versus 256 as of december 31, 2012) and (ii) $3.0 million of higher advertising and promotion costs. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our americas sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
emea sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our emea sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to (i) $5.7 million of additional sales and marketing expenses resulting from acquisitions and (ii) $8.8 million of higher compensation costs, including sales compensation, general salaries, bonuses and stock-based compensation expense and headcount growth (excluding the impact of acquisitions, 179 emea sales and marketing employees as of december 31, 2013 versus 148 as of december 31, 2012). for the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our emea sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses. the increase in our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to $2.8 million of incremental sales and marketing expenses from the impact of the asia tone acquisition. for the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations to our asia-pacific sales and marketing expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
general and administrative expenses. our general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 were split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas general and administrative expenses. the increase in our americas general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $14.4 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation and headcount growth (695 americas general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2013 versus 661 as of december 31, 2012), (ii) $4.1 million of higher office expansion and travel expenses and (iii) $4.0 million of higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our americas general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
emea general and administrative expenses. the increase in our emea general and administrative expenses was primarily due to (i) $2.0 million of incremental general and administrative expenses resulting from acquisitions, (ii) $6.4 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount
growth (excluding the impact of acquisitions, 276 emea general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2013 versus 196 as of december 31, 2012) and (iii) $5.8 million of higher professional fees to support our growth. for the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our emea general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
asia-pacific general and administrative expenses. excluding the asia tone acquisition, the increase in our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was primarily due to $3.5 million of higher compensation costs, including general salaries, bonuses and headcount growth (208 asia-pacific general and administrative employees as of december 31, 2013 versus 166 as of december 31, 2012). for the year ended december 31, 2013, the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on our asia-pacific general and administrative expenses was not significant when compared to average exchange rates of the year ended december 31, 2012.
restructuring charges. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $4.8 million reversal of the restructuring charge accrual for our excess space in the new york 2 ibx data center as a result of our decision to purchase this property and utilize the space. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we did not record any restructuring charges. for additional information, see “restructuring charges” in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
impairment charges. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we did not record any impairment charges. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded impairment charges totaling $9.9 million as a result of the fair values of certain long-lived assets being lower than their carrying values due to our decision to abandon two properties in the americas and asia-pacific regions. for additional information, see “impairment of long-lived assets” in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
acquisition costs. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $10.9 million primarily attributed to our americas and emea regions. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded acquisition costs totaling $8.8 million primarily attributed to the ancotel and asia tone acquisitions.
interest income. interest income was $3.4 million and $3.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the average yield for the year ended december 31, 2013 was 0.32% versus 0.43% for the year ended december 31, 2012.
interest expense. interest expense increased to $248.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $200.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase in interest expense was primarily due to the impact of our $1.5 billion senior notes offering in march 2013, $15.6 million of higher interest expense from various capital lease and other financing obligations to support our expansion projects and less capitalized interest expense, which was partially offset by the redemption of our 8.125% senior notes in april 2013. during the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, we capitalized $10.6 million and $30.6 million, respectively, of interest expense to construction in progress.
other income (expense). for the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded $5.3 million of other income and $2.2 million of other expense for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily due to foreign currency exchange gains (losses) during the periods.
loss on debt extinguishment. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a $108.5 million loss on debt extinguishment, of which $93.6 million was attributable to the redemption of our $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, $13.2 million was attributable to the extinguishment of the financing liabilities for our london 4 and 5 ibx data centers and $1.7 million was attributable to an amendment of our new york 5 and 6 ibx lease. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded $5.2 million of loss on debt extinguishment due to the repayment and termination of our multi-currency credit facility in the asia-pacific region. for additional information, see “loss on debt extinguishment” in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
income taxes. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded $16.2 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to our foreign operations, as we incurred losses in our domestic operations during the period as a result of the $93.6 million of loss on debt extinguishment from the redemption of our $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded $58.6 million of income tax expense. the income tax expense recorded during the year ended december 31, 2012 was primarily a result of applying the effective statutory tax rates to our operating income adjusted for permanent tax adjustments for the period and the assessments of valuation allowances of $5.5 million against the net deferred tax assets with certain foreign operating entities. our effective tax rates were 14.4% and 31.0%, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012. the decrease in our effective tax rates between 2013 and 2012 was primarily attributable to the effective tax rate benefits associated with losses incurred by our domestic operations and the new organizational structure in emea which became effective july 1, 2013. the cash taxes for 2013 were primarily for u.s. and foreign income taxes in certain european jurisdictions and for 2012 were primarily for state and foreign income taxes.
as of december 31, 2013, we had a net deferred tax asset of approximately $147.1 million for our u.s. operations, which included approximately $176.0 million of deferred tax liabilities associated with the depreciation and amortization recapture.
net income from discontinued operations. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we did not have any discontinued operations. for the year ended december 31, 2012, our net income from discontinued operations was $13.1 million, consisting of $11.9 million from the gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of income tax, and $1.2 million of net income from discontinued operations. for additional information, see “discontinued operations” in note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
adjusted ebitda. our adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 was split among the following geographic regions (dollars in thousands):
years ended december 31,                              % change
americas adjusted ebitda. the increase in our americas adjusted ebitda was due to higher revenues as result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth as described above. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $3.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on our americas adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the brazilian reais and canadian dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
emea adjusted ebitda. the increase in our emea adjusted ebitda was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted ebitda from the impact of acquisitions, which generated $15.2 million of incremental adjusted ebitda and (ii) our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth, partially offset by higher adjusted operating expenses as a percentage of revenues primarily attributable to higher compensation expense and higher professional fees to support our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $8.0 million of net favorable foreign currency impact on our emea adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally weaker u.s. dollar relative to the euro and swiss franc during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
asia-pacific adjusted ebitda. the increase in our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda was primarily due to (i) additional adjusted ebitda from the impact of the asia tone acquisition, which generated $14.3 million of incremental adjusted ebitda and (ii) higher revenues as a result of our ibx data center expansion activity and organic growth. during the year ended december 31, 2013, currency fluctuations resulted in approximately $7.8 million of net unfavorable foreign currency impact on our asia-pacific adjusted ebitda primarily due to the generally stronger u.s. dollar relative to the australian dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar during the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012.
non-gaap financial measures we provide all information required in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (“gaap”), but we believe that evaluating our ongoing operating results may be difficult if limited to reviewing only gaap financial measures. accordingly, we use non-gaap financial measures to evaluate our operations. legislative and regulatory requirements encourage the use of and emphasis on gaap financial metrics and require companies to explain why non-gaap financial metrics are relevant to management and investors.
adjusted ebitda we use adjusted ebitda to evaluate our continuing operations and as a metric in the determination of employees’ annual bonuses and vesting of restricted stock units that have both a service and performance condition. in presenting adjusted ebitda, we exclude certain items that we believe are not good indicators of our current or future operating performance. these items are depreciation, amortization, accretion of asset retirement obligations and accrued restructuring charges, stock-based compensation, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs. legislative and regulatory requirements encourage the use of and emphasis on gaap financial metrics and require companies to explain why non-gaap financial metrics are relevant to management and investors. we exclude these items in order for our lenders, investors, and industry analysts, who review and report on us, to better evaluate our operating performance and cash spending levels relative to our industry sector and competitors.
for example, we exclude depreciation expense as these charges primarily relate to the initial construction costs of our ibx data centers and do not reflect our current or future cash spending levels to support our business. our ibx data centers are long-lived assets and have an economic life greater than 10 years. the construction costs of our ibx data centers do not recur and future capital expenditures remain minor relative to our initial investment. this is a trend we expect to continue. in addition, depreciation is also based on the estimated useful lives of our ibx data centers. these estimates could vary from actual performance of the asset, are based on historical costs incurred to build out our ibx data centers, and are not indicative of current or expected future capital expenditures. therefore, we exclude depreciation from our operating results when evaluating our continuing operations.
in addition, in presenting the non-gaap financial measures, we exclude amortization expense related to certain intangible assets, as it represents a cost that may not recur and is not a good indicator of our current or future operating performance. we exclude accretion expense, both as it relates to asset retirement obligations as well as accrued restructuring charge liabilities, as these expenses represent costs which we believe are not meaningful in evaluating our current operations. we exclude stock-based compensation expense as it primarily represents expense attributed to equity awards that have no current or future cash obligations. as such, we, and many investors and analysts, exclude this stock-based compensation expense when assessing the cash generating performance of our continuing operations. we also exclude restructuring charges from our non-gaap financial measures. the restructuring charges relate to our decisions to exit leases for excess space adjacent to several of our ibx data centers, which we did not intend to build out, or our decision to reverse such restructuring charges. we also exclude impairment charges related to certain long-lived assets. the impairment charges are related to expense recognized whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived
assets are not recoverable. finally, we exclude acquisition costs from our non-gaap financial measures. the acquisition costs relate to costs we incur in connection with business combinations. management believes such items as restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs are non-core transactions; however, these types of costs will or may occur in future periods.
our management does not itself, nor does it suggest that investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. however, we have presented such non-gaap financial measures to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results in a manner that focuses on what management believes to be our core, ongoing business operations. we believe that the inclusion of this non-gaap financial measure provides consistency and comparability with past reports and provides a better understanding of the overall performance of the business and its ability to perform in subsequent periods. we believe that if we did not provide such non-gaap financial information, investors would not have all the necessary data to analyze equinix effectively.
investors should note, however, that the non-gaap financial measures used by us may not be the same non-gaap financial measures, and may not be calculated in the same manner, as those of other companies. in addition, whenever we use non-gaap financial measures, we provide a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most closely applicable gaap financial measure. investors are encouraged to review the related gaap financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
we define adjusted ebitda as income or loss from operations plus depreciation, amortization, accretion, stock-based compensation expense, restructuring charges, impairment charges and acquisition costs as presented below (in thousands):
restructuring charges                                                 —                      (4,837   )                      —
acquisition costs                                                 2,506                      10,855                      8,822
adjusted ebitda                                              $1,113,891                  $1,000,898                   $887,857
our adjusted ebitda results have improved each year and in each region in total dollars due to the improved operating results discussed earlier in “results of operations”, as well as the nature of our business model consisting of a recurring revenue stream and a cost structure which has a large base that is fixed in nature also discussed earlier in “overview”. although we have also been investing in our future growth as described above (e.g. through additional ibx data center expansions, acquisitions and increased investments in sales and marketing), we believe that our adjusted ebitda results will continue to improve in future periods as we continue to grow our business.
constant currency presentation our revenues and certain operating expenses (cost of revenues, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses) from our international operations have represented and will continue to represent a significant portion of our total revenues and certain operating expenses. as a result, our revenues and certain operating expenses have been and will continue to be affected by changes in the u.s. dollar against major international currencies such as the brazilian reais, british pound, canadian dollar, euro, swiss franc, australian dollar, chinese yuan, hong kong dollar, japanese yen and singapore dollar. in order to provide a framework for assessing how each of our business segments performed excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations,
we present period-over-period percentage changes in our revenues and certain operating expenses on a constant currency basis in addition to the historical amounts as reported. presenting constant currency results of operations is a non-gaap financial measure and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to gaap results of operations. however, we have presented this non-gaap financial measure to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate our operating results. to present this information, our current and comparative prior period revenues and certain operating expenses from entities reporting in currencies other than the u.s. dollar are converted into u.s. dollars at constant exchange rates rather than the actual exchange rates in effect during the respective periods (i.e. average rates in effect for the year ended december 31, 2013 are used as exchange rates for the year ended december 31, 2014 when comparing the year ended december 31, 2014 with the year ended december 31, 2013, and average rates in effect for the year ended december 31, 2012 are used as exchange rates for the year ended december 31, 2013 when comparing the year ended december 31, 2013 with the year ended december 31, 2012).
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, our total indebtedness was comprised of (i) convertible debt principal totaling $157.9 million from our 4.75% convertible subordinated notes and (ii) non-convertible debt and financing obligations totaling approximately $4.5 billion consisting of (a) approximately $2.8 billion of principal from our senior notes, (b) approximately $1.2 billion from our capital lease and other financing obligations, and (c) $595.8 million of principal from our mortgage and loans payable.
we believe we have sufficient cash, coupled with anticipated cash generated from operating activities, to meet our operating requirements, including repayment of the current portion of our debt as it becomes due, payment of tax liabilities related to our conversion to a reit (see below), payment of the cash portion of the special distributions, payment of regular dividends and completion of our publicly-announced expansion projects. as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, of which approximately $964.8 million was held in the u.s. we believe that our current expansion activities in the u.s. can be funded with our u.s.-based cash and cash equivalents and investments. besides our investment portfolio, we have additional liquidity available to us from the $1.0 billion revolving credit facility that forms part of our $1.5 billion senior credit facility. as of december 31, 2014, we had 26 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $43.3 million issued and outstanding under the revolving credit facility; as a result, we had a total of approximately $956.7 million of additional liquidity available to us under the revolving credit facility. besides any further financing activities we may pursue, customer collections are our primary source of cash. while we believe we have a strong customer base, and have continued to experience relatively strong collections, if the current market conditions were to deteriorate, some of our customers may have difficulty paying us and we may experience increased churn in our customer base, including reductions in their commitments to us, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. additionally, we may pursue additional expansion opportunities, primarily the build out of new ibx data centers, in certain of our existing markets which are at or near capacity within the next year, as well as potential acquisitions. we are also now operating as a reit (see below). while we expect to fund these plans with our existing resources, additional financing, either debt or equity, may be required if current market conditions were to deteriorate, we may be unable to secure additional financing or any such additional financing may only be available to us on unfavorable terms. an inability to pursue additional expansion opportunities will have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods.
impact of reit conversion we have incurred $81.4 million in costs to support our conversion to a reit, including $49.7 million in 2014. we estimate that we will incur $2.0 million of one-time implementation costs to support the reit conversion in 2015. in addition, we expect to incur approximately a total of $360.0 to $370.0 million in tax liabilities associated with a change in our methods of depreciating and amortizing various data center assets for tax purposes from our prior methods to methods that are more consistent with the characterization of such assets as real property for reit purposes. the recapture expenses are generally payable over a four-year period starting
in 2012 and, as of december 31, 2014, we have settled $281.0 million of the estimated federal and state tax liability related to the recapture of depreciation and amortization expenses. prior to our decision to convert to a reit, our balance sheet reflected our income tax liability as a non-current deferred tax liability. as a result of the reit conversion, our non-current tax liability has been and will continue to be gradually and proportionally reclassified from non-current to current over the four-year period, which started in the third quarter of 2012. the current liability reflects the tax liability that relates to additional taxable income expected to be recognized within the twelve-month period from the date of the balance sheet. as a reit, we also expect to incur approximately $10.0 million annually in compliance costs beginning in 2015.
on october 16, 2014, we announced the declaration by our board of directors of the 2014 special distribution, payable in either common stock or cash to, and at the election of, our stockholders of record as of the record date. common stockholders elected to receive payment of the 2014 special distribution in the form of stock or cash, with the total cash payment to all stockholders limited to no more than 20% of the total distribution. the value of the 2014 special distribution, plus the value of the deemed distribution associated with the 2014 conversion rate adjustment, exceeded our pre-2015 accumulated e&p.
in addition, we intend to declare one or more 2015 special distributions, which would encompass some extraordinary items of taxable income that we expect to recognize in 2015, such as depreciation recapture in respect of accounting method changes commenced in our pre-reit period as well as foreign earnings and profits recognized as dividend income. we estimate the aggregate amount of our special distributions in both 2014 and 2015, together with the expected value of the deemed distributions associated with the conversion rate adjustments, will equal approximately $1.0 to $1.1 billion. we expect to pay the 2015 special distributions in a combination of our common stock and cash, with at least 80% of the total 2015 special distributions in the form of common stock and up to 20% in cash. the conversion of our existing data center operations into the reit and the addition of new entities into the reit may also result in future special distributions.
we also expect to begin paying quarterly dividends in 2015 in connection with our conversion to a reit effective january 1, 2015. on february 19, 2015, we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $1.69 per share payable on march 25, 2015, to shareholders of record on march 11, 2015.
net cash provided by operating activities                 $689,420                    $604,608                      $632,026
net cash used in investing activities                            (435,839   )                (1,169,313   )                (442,873   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities               107,401                       574,907                    (222,721   )
operating activities the increase in net cash provided by operating activities during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to improved operating results, offset by unfavorable working capital activities such as decreased collections of customer receivables and a $51.4 million increase in interest payments. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily attributed to unfavorable working capital activities, such as $87.0 million and $25.3 million, respectively, of higher payments of income taxes and interest in 2013, partially offset by improved operating results. during 2014, we experienced an increase in days sales outstanding (“dso”). we have recently centralized responsibilities for billing and collection in the emea region. this transition of responsibilities resulted in an increase to our dso. we are also implementing a new billing system. the initial implementation of this system was completed in august 2014 with additional changes deployed into production during the fourth quarter of 2014, but the full implementation of the system is not expected to be complete until 2015. the ongoing changes to the billing system may result in further delays in our billing and collections. we expect our collections to improve over time. further, we expect we will continue to generate cash from our operating activities during 2015.
investing activities the decrease in net cash used in investing activities during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to $423.0 million of lower purchases of investments, $295.7 million of higher sales and maturities of investments $57.5 million of lower real estate purchases and $49.3 million of lower business acquisition spending, partially offset by $87.8 million of higher capital expenditures as a result of more ibx expansion activity. the increase in net cash used in investing activities during 2013 compared to 2012 was primarily due to $526.1 million of higher purchases of investments, $452.3 million of lower sales and maturities of investments and $49.7 million of higher real estate purchases, partially offset by $260.2 million of lower business acquisition spending and $192.1 million of lower capital expenditures as a result of less expansion activity. during 2015, we expect that our ibx expansion construction activity will be greater than our 2014 levels. however, if the opportunity to expand is greater than planned and we have sufficient funding to pursue such expansion opportunities, we may further increase the level of capital expenditures to support this growth as well as pursue additional business acquisitions, property acquisitions or joint ventures.
financing activities the net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 was primarily due to $1.25 billion of proceeds from the senior notes offering in november 2014, $500.0 million of proceeds from the term loan facility, partially offset by (i) $1.1 billion for repayment of debt including $750.0 million for the redemption of the 7.00% senior notes, prepayment of the remaining principal balance of the u.s. term loan of $110.0 million, $43.5 million for repayments of mortgage and other loan payable, and $29.5 million for the exchanges of the 3.00% convertible subordinated notes and 4.75% convertible subordinated notes, (ii) $298.0 million for the purchases of treasury stock, (iii) $226.3 million for the purchase of riverwood’s interest in alog and the approximate 10% of alog owned by alog management and (iv) $83.3 million for the cash portion of the special distribution. the net cash provided by financing activities for 2013 was primarily due to $1.5 billion of proceeds from the senior notes offering in march 2013, partially offset by $834.7 million for the redemption of the $750.0 million 8.125% senior notes, repayments of various debt and purchases of treasury stock. the net cash used in financing activities for 2012 was primarily due to the repayment of our multi-currency credit facility in the asia-pacific region and the settlement of the $250.0 million 2.50% convertible subordinated notes, partially offset by proceeds from the u.s. financing and the alog financings. going forward, we expect that our financing activities will consist primarily of repayment of our debt and additional financings needed to support expansion opportunities, additional acquisitions or joint ventures, the payment of our regular cash dividends and the cash portion of our 2015 special distributions.
debt obligations debt facilities we have various debt obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2016 to 2025 under which a total principal balance of $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2014. for further information on debt obligations, see “debt facilities” in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
capital lease and other financing obligations we have numerous capital lease and other financing obligations with maturity dates ranging from 2015 to 2053 under which a total principal balance of $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2014 with a weighted average effective interest rate of 8.43%. for further information on our capital leases and other financing obligations, see “capital leases and other financing obligations” in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
contractual obligations and off-balance-sheet arrangements we lease a majority of our ibx data centers and certain equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements expiring through 2053. the following represents our debt maturities, financings, leases and other contractual commitments as of december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
capital lease and other financing obligations (4)              113,600              121,710              125,633              129,016              128,736           1,375,393           1,994,088
other contractual commitments (6)                              248,632               71,060               60,174                2,245                1,349              12,707             396,167
alog acquisition contingent considerations (8)                   2,242                3,974                    —                    —                    —                   —               6,216
convertible subordinated notes would have been convertible into approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock, which would have a total value of $439.4 million based on the closing price of our common stock on december 31, 2014.
(3)   represents interest on alog financings, convertible debt, mortgage payable, senior notes and term loan facility based on their approximate interest rates as of december 31, 2014.
(6)   represents unaccrued contractual commitments. other contractual commitments are described below.
(7)   represents liability, net of future accretion expense.
(8)   represents alog acquisition contingent consideration, subject to reduction for any post-closing balance sheet adjustments and any claims for indemnification. as of december 31, 2014, we accrued approximately $1,392 of alog acquisition contingent consideration.
in connection with certain of our leases and other contracts requiring deposits, we entered into 26 irrevocable letters of credit totaling $43.3 million under the revolving credit facility. these letters of credit were provided in lieu of cash deposits under the revolving credit facility. if the landlords for these ibx leases decide to draw down on these letters of credit triggered by an event of default under the lease, we will be required to fund these letters of credit either through cash collateral or borrowing under the revolving credit facility. these contingent commitments are not reflected in the table above.
we had accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions totaling approximately $25.2 million as of december 31, 2014. these liabilities, which are reflected on our balance sheet, are not reflected in the table above since it is unclear when these liabilities will be paid.
primarily as a result of our various ibx data center expansion projects, as of december 31, 2014, we were contractually committed for $98.1 million of unaccrued capital expenditures, primarily for ibx equipment not
yet delivered and labor not yet provided in connection with the work necessary to complete construction and open these ibx data centers prior to making them available to customers for installation. this amount, which is expected to be paid during 2015 and thereafter, is reflected in the table above as “other contractual commitments.”
we had other non-capital purchase commitments in place as of december 31, 2014, such as commitments to purchase power in select locations and other open purchase orders, which contractually bind us for goods or services to be delivered or provided during 2015 and beyond. such other purchase commitments as of december 31, 2014, which total $298.1 million, are also reflected in the table above as “other contractual commitments.”
in addition, although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we expect to incur additional capital expenditures of approximately $50 million to $80 million, in addition to the $98.1 million in contractual commitments discussed above as of december 31, 2014, in our various ibx data center expansion projects during 2015 and thereafter in order to complete the work needed to open these ibx data centers. these non-contractual capital expenditures are not reflected in the table above. if we so choose, whether due to economic factors or other considerations, we could delay these non-contractual capital expenditure commitments to preserve liquidity.
other off-balance-sheet arrangements we have various guarantor arrangements with both our directors and officers and third parties, including customers, vendors and business partners. as of december 31, 2014, there were no significant liabilities recorded for these arrangements. for additional information, see “guarantor arrangements” in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (“gaap”). the preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with gaap. management bases its assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. however, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results may differ from these assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.
our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. management believes that the following critical accounting policies and estimates, among others, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial statements, and they require significant judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain:
•   accounting for income taxes;
•   accounting for business combinations;
•   accounting for impairment of goodwill; and
•   accounting for property, plant and equipment.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                           effect if actual results differ from assumptions accounting for income taxes.
deferred tax                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              the valuation of deferred tax assets requires judgment in                                                                                                                                                                                             as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we recorded assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences that exist between the financial statement carrying value of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss   assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of those future events.                        a total of net deferred tax liabilities of $100.8 million and net deferred tax assets of $95.6 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had a total valuation allowance of $27.2 million and $31.1 million, respectively. during the and tax credit carryforwards on a taxing jurisdiction basis. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or paid.                    in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and                                                                                                                                                                        year ended december 31, 2014, we decided to provide a partial release of valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets associated with certain foreign operating entities, which resulted in an insignificant income tax benefit in our results the accounting standard for income taxes requires a reduction of the carrying                                                                                                                                                                             negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized, we record a valuation allowance. the   of operations. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we decided to provide a full valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets associated with certain foreign operating entities which resulted in an insignificant income tax expense in amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined by the accounting standard as a likelihood of more than 50%) such assets will not be realized.                 weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified.                                                                                                                 our results of operations. our decisions to release our valuation a tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position may be recognized in the                                                                                                                                                                              this assessment, which is completed on a taxing jurisdiction basis, takes into account a number of types of evidence, including the following: 1) the                                                                                                 allowances were based on our belief that the operations of these jurisdictions had achieved a sufficient level of profitability and will sustain a sufficient level of profitability in the future to support the release of these valuation allowances financial statements only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative practices and                        nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative financial reporting losses, 2) sources of future taxable income and 3) tax planning strategies.                                                                                              based on relevant facts and circumstances. however, if our assumptions on the future performance of these jurisdictions prove not to be correct and these jurisdictions are not able to sustain a sufficient level of profitability to support the precedents.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               in assessing the tax benefit from an uncertain income tax position, the tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is                                                                                                     associated deferred tax assets on our consolidated balance sheet, we will have to impair our deferred tax assets through an additional valuation allowance, which would impact our financial position and results of operations in the period such a initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information.                      determination is made. our remaining valuation allowance as of december
31, 2014 was $27.2 million and primarily relates to certain of our subsidiaries outside of the u.s. if and when we release our remaining valuation allowances, it will have a favorable impact to our financial position and results of operations in the periods such determinations are made. we will continue to assess the need for our valuation allowances, by country or location, in the future.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                             effect if actual results differ from assumptions as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had unrecognized tax benefits of $36.1 million and
$36.6 million, respectively, exclusive of interest and penalties. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the unrecognized tax benefits decreased by an insignificant amount primarily due to the settlement of a tax audit and the lapse of statute of limitations in our foreign operations. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the unrecognized tax benefits increased by $11.6 million primarily due to losses of certain foreign operating entities, which more likely than not, will not benefit the operating entities. the unrecognized tax benefits of $36.1 million as of december 31, 2014, if subsequently recognized, will affect our effective tax rate favorably at the time when such benefits are recognized.
accounting for business combinations in accordance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             our purchase price allocation methodology contains uncertainties because it requires assumptions and                                                                                                                                                    during the last three years, we have with the accounting standard for business combinations, we allocate the purchase price of an acquired business to its identifiable assets and liabilities based on estimated fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the     management’s judgment to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. management estimates the fair value of assets and liabilities based upon quoted market prices, the carrying value of the           completed several business combinations, including the frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisition in october 2013, the dubai ibx data center acquisition in november 2012, and the asia tone and ancotel acquisitions in july 2012. the purchase price assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any, is recorded as goodwill.                                                                                                                                                                                 acquired assets and widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flows and market multiple analyses. our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. unanticipated events or circumstances may occur which could   allocation for the asia tone and ancotel acquisitions was completed in the third quarter of 2012. the purchase price allocation for the dubai ibx data center and frankfurt kleyer 90 carrier hotel acquisitions was completed in the fourth quarters of we use all available information to estimate fair values. we typically engage outside appraisal firms to assist in the fair value determination of                                                                                                        affect the accuracy of our fair value estimates, including assumptions regarding industry economic factors and business strategies.                                                                                                                     2012 and 2013, respectively. we do not believe there is a reasonable identifiable intangible assets such as customer contracts, leases and any other significant assets or liabilities and contingent consideration. we adjust the preliminary purchase price allocation, as necessary, up to one year after the acquisition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we used to complete the purchase price allocations and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. however, if actual results are not consistent with our closing date if we obtain more information regarding asset valuations and liabilities assumed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material, which would be recorded in our statements of operations in 2015 or beyond.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                               effect if actual results differ from assumptions accounting for impairment of goodwill in accordance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      when we elect to assess qualitative factors determine whether it                                                                                                                                                                                          as of december 31, 2014, goodwill with the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangible assets, we perform goodwill impairment reviews annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.                                                                        is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value requires assumptions and estimates before performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the assessment requires assumptions and estimates derived     attributable to the americas reporting unit, the emea reporting unit and the asia-pacific reporting unit was $463.9 million, $404.1 million and $134.1 million, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we changed our annual goodwill                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            from a review of our actual and forecasted operating results, approved business plans, future economic conditions and other market data.                                                                                                                  future events, changing market conditions and any changes in key assumptions may impairment testing date from november 30th to october 31st of each year, commencing on october 31, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we completed annual goodwill impairment reviews of the americas reporting unit, the emea reporting unit and the asia-pacific reporting unit and concluded that   when we elect to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test, we use both the income and market approach. under the income                                                                                                            result in an impairment charge. while we have not recorded an impairment charge against our goodwill to date, the development of adverse business conditions in our americas, emea or asia-pacific reporting units, such as higher than anticipated there was no impairment as the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their carrying value.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  approach, we develop a five-year cash flow forecast and use our weighted-average cost of capital applicable to our reporting units as discount rates. this requires assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our actual and forecasted          customer churn or significantly increased operating costs, or significant deterioration of our market comparables that we use in the market approach, could result in an impairment charge in future periods.
operating results, approved business plans, future economic conditions and other market data. the market approach requires judgment in determining the appropriate market comparables.                                                                    any potential impairment charge against our goodwill would not exceed the amounts these assumptions require significant management judgment and are inherently subject                                                                                                                                                                      recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.
accounting for property, plant and equipment we have a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          while there are numerous judgments and uncertainties involved in accounting for property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                             during the quarter ended december 31, 2014, we revised the estimated useful lives of substantial amount of property, plant and equipment recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. the vast majority of our property, plant and equipment represent the costs incurred to build out or acquire our ibx data centers. our ibx data centers                                                             that are significant, arriving at the estimated useful life of an asset requires the most critical judgment for us and changes to these estimates would have the most significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. when we     certain of our property, plant and equipment. as a result, we recorded an insignificant amount of higher depreciation expense for the quarter ended december 31, 2014 due to the reduction of the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, are long-lived assets. the majority of our ibx data centers are in properties that are leased. we depreciate our property, plant and equipment using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (subject to the                                                             lease a property for our ibx data centers, we generally enter into long-term arrangements with initial lease terms of at least 8-10 years and with renewal options generally available to us. during the next several years, a number of leases for our   plant and equipment. we undertook this review due to our determination that we were generally using certain of our existing assets over a shorter period than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated useful lives of certain of our term of the lease in the case of leased assets or leasehold improvements).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ibx data centers will come up for renewal. as we start approaching the end of these initial lease terms, we will need to reassess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment. in addition, we                                        property, plant and equipment has been shortened. this change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective basis effective october 1, 2014 under the accounting standard for change in accounting for property, plant and equipment includes determining the appropriate period in which to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         accounting
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 effect if actual results differ from assumptions depreciate such assets, making assessments for leased                                                                                                                                                                                                   may find that our estimates for the useful lives of non-leased                                                                                                                                                                                              estimates. we did not revise the estimated properties to determine whether they are capital or operating leases, assessing such assets for potential impairment, capitalizing interest during periods of construction and assessing the asset retirement obligations required for certain leased   assets may also need to be revised periodically. we periodically review the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment and changes in these estimates in the future are possible.                                               useful lives of our property, plant and equipment during the year ended december 31, 2013. during the quarter ended december 31, 2012, we revised the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment. as a result, we recorded approximately $5.0 million of lower properties that require us to return the leased properties back to their original condition at the time we decide to exit a leased property.                                                                                                            another area of judgment for us in connection with our property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                                                        depreciation expense for the quarter ended december 31, 2012 due to extending the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment. we undertook this review due to our determination that we were generally using certain of is related to lease accounting. most of our ibx data centers are leased. each time we enter into a new lease or lease amendment for one of our ibx data centers, we analyze each lease or lease amendment for the proper accounting. this requires          our existing assets longer than originally anticipated and, therefore, the estimated useful lives of certain of our property, plant and equipment has been lengthened. this change was accounted for as a change in accounting estimate on a prospective certain judgments on our part such as establishing the lease term to include in a lease test, establishing the remaining estimated useful life of the underlying property or equipment and estimating the fair value of the underlying property or          basis effective october 1, 2012 under the accounting standard for change in accounting estimates. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded impairment charges totaling $9.9 million associated with certain long-lived assets, of which $7.0 million was associated with equipment and establishing the incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of the minimum lease payment for the lease test. all of these judgments are inherently uncertain. different assumptions or estimates could result in a different   property, plant and equipment. no impairment charges were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had property, plant and equipment of $5.0 billion, $4.6 billion, and $3.9 billion, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and accounting treatment for a lease. the assessment of long-lived assets for                                                                                                                                                                                   2012, we recorded depreciation expense of $453.9 million, $405.5 million, and $367.0 million, respectively. further changes in our estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment could have a significant impact on our results of impairment requires assumptions and estimates of undiscounted and discounted future cash flows. these assumptions and estimates require significant judgment and are inherently uncertain.                                                                  operations. as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we had property, plant and equipment under capital leases and other financing obligations of $1,139.4 million, $949.0 million and $555.7 million. during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded depreciation expense of $43.2 million, $32.5
description   judgments and uncertainties   effect if actual results differ from assumptions million respectively, related to property, plant and equipment under capital leases and other financing obligations. during the year ended december 31, 2014, 2013, 2012, we recorded interest expense of $86.4 million, $56.6 million, $31.8 million, respectively related to property, plant, equipment, under capital leases and other financing obligations.
additionally, during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we recorded rent expense of $105.4 million $112.7 million, and $113.3 million under operating leases.
recent accounting pronouncements see “recent accounting pronouncements” in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.