item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the three years ended december 31, 2014. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2014. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview we are the global leader in the science of heart valves and hemodynamic monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with clinicians to develop innovative technologies in the areas of structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, enabling them to save and enhance lives. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following main areas: transcatheter heart valve therapy, surgical heart valve therapy, and critical care.
effective january 1, 2014, we changed our method of accounting for certain intellectual property litigation expenses related to the defense and enforcement of our issued patents. under the new method of accounting, these legal costs are expensed in the period incurred; previously, these costs were capitalized and
gross profit as a percentage of net sales          73.1   %          74.7   %          74.2   %        (1.6   ) pts.       0.5   pts.
our sales growth was driven by our transcatheter heart valve therapy products which, in europe, benefited from the launch of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve, and in the united states, benefited from the launch of the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve. our gross profit margin was negatively impacted in 2014 by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, increased incentive compensation due to our strong performance, and higher manufacturing costs, primarily for our operations in utah. net income in 2014 and 2013 benefited from special items. in 2014, we received $750.0 million ($487.9 million, net of tax) from medtronic, inc. ("medtronic") for an upfront payment due under a litigation settlement agreement, and in 2013, we received from medtronic an $83.6 million ($52.3 million, net of tax) litigation award.
healthcare environment, opportunities and challenges the medical device industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property. to strengthen our leadership and enable future growth opportunities, in 2014 we invested 14.9% of our net sales in research and development. in a consolidating industry, we believe our focus on innovation and a robust product pipeline will continue to help us compete more effectively, sustain our successes, and build long-term value for our shareholders. the following is a summary of important developments during 2014:
• early clinical outcomes in the edwards sapien 3 trial demonstrated outstanding safety, including a low mortality and stroke rate;
• longer-term updates from the partner trial strengthened the evidence that patients treated with the sapien valve demonstrated a mortality benefit, persistent symptom benefit, and a statistically significant reduction in re-hospitalizations compared with standard therapy;
• we received regulatory approval in the united states for our edwards sapien xt valve, and we continued to evaluate the sapien 3 valve as part of the partner ii trial; and
• we received regulatory approval in europe for the edwards intuity elite valve system, and in the united states, this valve platform has been studied as part of the transform trial. three-year clinical outcomes of the edwards intuity valve platform studied in the triton trial demonstrated improved cardiac and valvular performance, as well as patient functional status.
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical and economic evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the new healthcare environment, with the goal of enhancing the value of delivering comprehensive care.
united states         $1,047.3             $939.6               $812.1               $107.7          $127.5            11.5      %   15.7         %
the $107.7 million increase in net sales in the united states in 2014 was due primarily to:
• transcatheter heart valve therapy, which increased net sales by $85.1 million, due primarily to (1) commercial sales of the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve resulting from the product launch in june 2014, (2) an increase in clinical sales of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve, (3) royalties received under a license agreement with medtronic (see note 4 to the
• critical care, which increased net sales by $12.9 million, due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products; and
• surgical heart valve therapy, which increased net sales by $25.9 million, driven primarily by sales of pericardial aortic tissue valves and edwards intuity elite valves; and
• critical care, which increased net sales by $16.1 million, driven primarily by core hemodynamic products and enhanced surgical recovery products;
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $23.0 million, due to the weakening of various currencies against the united states dollar, mainly the japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
the $127.5 million increase in net sales in the united states in 2013 was due primarily to:
• surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $15.4 million, driven primarily by sales of pericardial mitral tissue valves and edwards intuity elite valves;
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $43.9 million, due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. for more information see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
critical care                           553.2             536.6             560.0             16.6                  (23.4   )   3.1       %        (4.2   )%
• the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter heart valve, driven primarily by the launch in europe and clinical sales in the united states; and
• the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve, driven primarily by the launches in the united states and japan;
• lower sales of the edwards sapien transcatheter heart valve, primarily in the united states, and the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve in europe, as customers converted to next-generation products.
• the edwards sapien transcatheter heart valve in the united states, which increased net sales by $97.2 million;
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which increased net sales by $5.2 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar;
• a $14.1 million sales reserve for estimated transcatheter heart valve therapy product returns expected in 2014 upon introduction of the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve system in europe and the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve in the united states.
during the first quarter of 2014, we completed enrollment in the 500 patient cohort of the partner ii trial studying the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve system in high risk and inoperable patients. in january 2014, we received fda approval to expand the partner ii trial to include a 1,000 patient single-arm, non-randomized cohort to study the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve system in the treatment of intermediate-risk patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. enrollment was completed in september 2014. at the end of 2014, we submitted our pre-market approval application for sapien 3 in the united states.
in january 2014, we received ce mark for the edwards sapien 3 transcatheter valve system in europe. in june 2014, we received fda approval for the edwards sapien xt transcatheter heart valve in the united states for the treatment of high-risk and inoperable patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis.
• surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $36.4 million, driven by sales in the united states and europe of pericardial aortic tissue valves and edwards intuity elite valves;
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $10.5 million, due to the weakening of various currencies against the united states dollar, mainly the japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
• surgical heart valve products, which increased net sales by $30.1 million, driven by sales of pericardial aortic and mitral tissue valves, and edwards intuity elite valves;
• foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $20.2 million, due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
in april 2014, we received ce mark for our advanced edwards intuity elite valve system. this next-generation, rapid deployment system facilitates smaller incisions in surgical aortic valve replacement procedures. in the united states, we completed enrollment of patients in our transform trial for edwards intuity elite, and we continued enrolling patients in our commence clinical trial, which is studying our next-generation glx advanced tissue platform applied to the magna ease aortic surgical valve and the magna mitral ease valve.
critical care the $16.6 million increase in net sales of critical care products in 2014 was due primarily to enhanced surgical recovery products, and core hemodynamic products outside the united states, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $12.0 million, due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
the $23.4 million decrease in net sales of critical care products in 2013 was due primarily to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales by $28.9 million, due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
in june 2014, we received fda clearance for the clearsight system, a noninvasive monitor that provides clinicians access to blood volume and blood flow information for patients at moderate or high risk of post-surgical complications, in whom invasive monitoring would not be used. the  clearsight system is part of our enhanced surgical recovery product portfolio. in september 2014, due to a strategic shift of our investment initiatives, we decided to discontinue our automated glucose monitoring program.
gross profit
gross profit as a percentage of net sales      73.1   %      74.7   %      74.2   %   (1.6   ) pts.     0.5   pts.
the 1.6 percentage point decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2014 was driven by:
• a 0.8 percentage point increase due to an improved product mix in the united states, driven by transcatheter heart valve therapy products.
the 0.5 percentage point increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2013 was driven by:
• a 1.0 percentage point increase due to an improved product mix in the united states, driven by transcatheter heart valve therapy products; and
• a 0.5 percentage point increase in international markets due to a more profitable product mix, primarily higher sales of transcatheter heart valve therapy products;
• a 1.3 percentage point decrease due primarily to higher manufacturing costs due to capacity expansion in preparation for multiple transcatheter heart valve therapy product introductions.
the $124.6 million increase in sg&a expenses in 2014 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states, europe, and japan, mainly to support the transcatheter heart valve therapy program, and (2) higher performance-based incentive compensation.
the $36.0 million increase in sg&a expenses in 2013 was due primarily to (1) higher sales and marketing expenses in the united states and japan, mainly to support the transcatheter heart valve therapy program and (2) the 2.3% united states medical device excise tax, or $15.8 million, which became effective in 2013. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency, which reduced expenses by $12.4 million due primarily to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar. the decrease in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales in 2013 was due primarily to decreased sg&a expenses in europe as a percentage of net sales.
the increase in research and development expenses in 2014 was due primarily to new aortic and mitral transcatheter heart valve therapy product development efforts, additional investments in clinical studies in the surgical heart valve therapy program, and higher performance-based incentive compensation. the decrease in research and development expenses as a percentage of net sales was due primarily to higher net sales.
the increase in research and development expenses in 2013 was due primarily to additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in the transcatheter heart valve therapy program.
intellectual property litigation (income) expense, net in may 2014, we entered into an agreement with medtronic to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the companies, including all cases related to transcatheter heart valves. pursuant to the agreement, we received an upfront payment from medtronic in the amount of $750.0 million. for further information, see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements."
in february 2013, we received $83.6 million from medtronic in satisfaction of the initial april 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the united states andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, including accrued interest.
we incurred external legal costs related to intellectual property litigation of $9.6 million, $22.1 million, and $14.4 million during 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
special charges special charges were $70.7 million, $16.3 million, and $16.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. for additional details, see note 5 to the "consolidated financial statements."
in december 2014, we recorded a $4.0 million impairment charge related to our promissory note receivable because it was likely that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the promissory note agreement.
the loss on investments primarily represents our net share of gains and losses in investments accounted for under the equity method, and realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale and cost method investments. during 2014, we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $3.5 million related to one of our cost method investments.
in september 2014, we committed to purchase our draper, utah facility for $17.0 million under a purchase option provided in the lease agreement. under the terms of the lease agreement, we paid $1.0 million in december 2014 for certain lease contract termination costs.
state and local taxes, net of federal tax benefit                    19.3                      5.8               3.7
tax credits, federal and state                                             (13.5   )         (19.8   )          (4.9   )
release of reserve for uncertain tax positions for prior years              (4.8   )          (3.9   )          (0.8   )
u.s. tax on foreign earnings, net of credits                                (3.1   )          18.9               0.7
reserve for uncertain tax positions as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was $192.3 million and $127.7 million, respectively. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $34.3 million and $30.9 million, respectively, from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amounts of $158.0 million and $96.8 million, respectively, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, penalties, and foreign exchange, is as follows (in millions):
unrecognized tax benefits, january 1         $127.7            $113.6           $78.0
current year tax positions                   75.9              17.8             41.7
increase prior year tax positions            0.6               5.7              2.6
decrease prior year tax positions                  (10.5   )         (9.0   )         (4.3   )
lapse of statutes of limitations                    (0.4   )         (0.3   )         (0.1   )
unrecognized tax benefits, december 31       $192.3            $127.7           $113.6
we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in the provision for income taxes. as of december 31, 2014, we had accrued $6.8 million (net of $5.0 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions, and as of december 31, 2013, we had accrued $4.5 million (net of $3.3 million tax benefit) of interest related to uncertain tax positions. during 2014, 2013, and 2012, we recognized interest expense, net of tax benefit, of $2.3 million, $1.4 million, and $1.0 million, respectively, in "provision for income taxes" on the consolidated statements of operations.
we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to
challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result from these uncertain tax positions.
at december 31, 2014, all material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. during the third quarter of 2013, the internal revenue service ("irs") completed its fieldwork for the 2009 and 2010 tax years. the case is currently in suspense pending finalization of an advance pricing agreement ("apa") and joint committee of taxation approval. the irs began its examination of the 2011 and 2012 tax years during the fourth quarter of 2013.
we have also entered into an apa process between the switzerland and the united states governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. these transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain.
during 2014, we also filed with the irs a request for a pre-filing agreement associated with a tax return filing position on a portion of the litigation settlement payment received from medtronic in may 2014 (see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements").
management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and thus have recorded the gross uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability. however, if the apa and/or pre-filing agreement is finalized in the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that these events could result in a significant change in our uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months.
the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 included (1) $262.1 million of tax expense associated with a $750.0 million litigation settlement payment received from medtronic in may 2014 (see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements") and (2) $4.8 million of tax benefits from the remeasurement of uncertain tax positions.
the federal research credit expired on december 31, 2011 and was reinstated on january 2, 2013. as a result, the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2012 was calculated without a benefit for the federal research credit. the effective income tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 included (1) an $8.4 million benefit for the full year 2012 federal research credit and (2) $31.3 million of tax expense associated with the $83.6 million litigation award received from medtronic in february 2013 (see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements").
we have received tax incentives in puerto rico, the dominican republic, singapore, and switzerland. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates favorably impacted earnings per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 by $0.63, $0.44, and $0.39, respectively. the puerto rico, dominican republic, singapore, and switzerland grants provide our manufacturing operations partial or full exemption from local taxes until the years 2028, 2030 (subject to review beginning in 2015), 2024, and 2015, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, amounts available under credit facilities, and cash from operations. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments for the next twelve months. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to
time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions. we believe that we have the financial flexibility to attract long-term capital to fund short-term and long-term growth objectives. however, no assurances can be given that such long-term capital will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all.
we believe that cash held in the united states, in addition to amounts available under credit facilities and cash from operations, are sufficient to fund our united states operating requirements for the next twelve months. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states have historically been used to fund international operations and acquire businesses outside of the united states, although a portion of those amounts may, from time to time, be subject to temporary intercompany loans into the united states. as of december 31, 2014, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside the united states were $651.7 million and $787.1 million, respectively. the majority of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states relates to undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries, which are considered by us to be indefinitely reinvested. repatriations of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions, and may be subject to withholding and other taxes. the potential tax liability related to any repatriation would be dependent on the facts and circumstances that exist at the time such repatriation is made and the complexities of the tax laws of the united states and the respective foreign jurisdictions.
we have a five-year credit agreement ("the credit agreement") which provides up to an aggregate of $750.0 million in borrowings in multiple currencies. as of december 31, 2014, there were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement. in october 2013, we issued $600.0 million of 2.875% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes due october 15, 2018. for further information on our long-term debt, see note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements."
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2014, we repurchased a total of 4.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of $300.0 million, and as of december 31, 2014, had remaining authority to purchase $952.5 million of our common stock. for further information, see note 13 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $1,022.3 million for 2014 increased $549.6 million from 2013 due primarily to (1) the $750.0 million upfront payment received from medtronic under a litigation settlement agreement, (2) a lower bonus payout in 2014 associated with 2013 bonuses, and (3) improved operating performance. these increases were partially offset by (1) income tax payments of $224.5 million related to the medtronic settlement, (2) the prior year receipt of $83.6 million from medtronic in satisfaction of the initial april 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the united states andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, and (3) the $50.0 million charitable contribution to the edwards lifesciences foundation in 2014.
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $472.7 million for 2013 increased $110.6 million from 2012 due primarily to (1) the receipt of $83.6 million from medtronic, inc. in satisfaction of the april 2010 jury award of damages for infringement of the u.s. andersen transcatheter heart valve patent, (2) increased collection of accounts receivable, and (3) improved operating performance. these increases were partially offset by (1) a $22.7 million increase in inventory purchases to support future product launches and (2) a $17.0 million impact from excess tax benefits from stock plans, primarily as a result of the realization of excess tax benefits that had been previously unrealized due to credit carryforwards and net operating losses in the united states in 2011 and 2012.
net cash used in investing activities of $633.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $527.4 million and capital expenditures of $82.9 million.
net cash used in investing activities of $412.7 million in 2013 consisted primarily of net purchases of investments of $300.9 million and capital expenditures of $109.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $153.0 million in 2014 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $300.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $113.3 million, and the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $49.4 million (including the realization of previously unrealized excess tax benefits).
net cash provided by financing activities of $34.9 million in 2013 consisted primarily of net proceeds from debt of $409.6 million, the excess tax benefit from stock plans of $73.5 million (including the realization of previously unrealized excess tax benefits), and proceeds from stock plans of $45.5 million, partially offset by repurchases of common stock of $496.9 million.
a summary of all of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014 were as follows (in millions):
capital commitment obligations(b)                 3.1       0.8           2.3                 —              —
purchase and other commitments                    3.7       2.6           1.1                 —              —
the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2014 was $49.3 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment return on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 12 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
capital commitment obligations consist primarily of cash that we are obligated to pay to our limited partnership and limited liability corporation investees. these investees make equity investments in various development stage biopharmaceutical and medical device companies, and it is not certain if and/or when these payments will be made.
as of december 31, 2014, the liability for uncertain tax positions including interest was $204.1 million. we have entered into an apa process between the switzerland and the united states governments for the years 2009 through 2015 covering transfer pricing matters. these transfer pricing matters are significant to our consolidated financial statements, and the final outcome of the negotiations between the two governments is uncertain. management believes that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided in income tax expense for any adjustments that may result for our uncertain tax positions. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table.
contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to approximately
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgment and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimation are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, we record an estimate of various sales returns and allowances which reduces product sales and accounts receivable. these adjustments include estimates for rebates, returns, and other sales allowances. these provisions are estimated based upon historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate these provisions do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor (at our distributor "list price") and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
excess and obsolete inventory the valuation of our inventory requires us to estimate excess, obsolete, and expired inventory. we base our provisions for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional allowances for excess, obsolete, and expired inventory in the future. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, increasing levels of consigned inventory, and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, obsolete, and expired inventory.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to ipr&d acquired in business combinations, are reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 16 to the "consolidated financial statements."
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. stock-based awards consist of stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and employee stock purchase subscriptions. the fair value of each option award and employee stock purchase subscription is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option valuation model. the fair value of market-based restricted stock units is determined using a monte carlo simulation model, which uses multiple input variables to determine the probability of satisfying the market condition requirements. the black-scholes and monte carlo models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. judgment is required in estimating the stock awards that will ultimately be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted.